b'2016-03-03T20:18:07 <Justin_o> bens_: and you could also have hierarchy, so an umbrella issue with sub issues..
2016-03-03T20:18:25 <Justin_o> but if the issue is the same and it\'s just one fix, then a single issue is probably sufficient
2016-03-03T20:20:06 * jessm has quit
2016-03-03T20:21:31 <bens_> Justin_o, OK i like the umbrella approach. Ideally there is a universal fix but if not we could separate items from the umbrella
2016-03-03T20:22:56 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T20:23:05 <Justin_o> bens_: yes, exactly... you could start with the single JIRA and convert it as needed
2016-03-03T20:29:40 <jhung> Justin_o: I found something interesting with the way FF handles aria-live. If you write content to an aria-live container, even though the content is identical to the previous value, FF considers it a change and the AT announces it.
2016-03-03T20:30:04 <Justin_o> jhung: does it matter what settings you use for aria-live
2016-03-03T20:30:10 <jhung> nope.
2016-03-03T20:30:34 <jhung> I added a simple boolean comparing the old and new description strings
2016-03-03T20:30:59 <jhung> and only set textContent only when there\'s a change.
2016-03-03T20:31:37 <jhung> And FF behaves as we would want (i.e. only announces the description only when the description is changed, not with every slider movement) Justin_o
2016-03-03T20:33:32 <Justin_o> jhung: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria/states_and_properties#aria-relevant
2016-03-03T20:34:41 <Justin_o> jhung: i suppose in the case you are illustrating it will be treated as an addition, or could be, even though the text is the same
2016-03-03T20:35:05 <jhung> that\'s correct Justin_o.
2016-03-03T20:36:44 <Justin_o> oh well... if it\'s not ideal we could do something to only update the text if the underlying model change.. perhaps PhET already does this, but we could mock it up in the sim as well
2016-03-03T20:37:58 <jhung> yeah. I\'ve made a comment in the code I\'m working on Justin_o. I wonder if this explains other issues we\'ve experienced with Aria-live where things are announced twice because values are being assigned twice.
2016-03-03T20:38:27 * abhibansal53 has quit
2016-03-03T20:39:20 <Justin_o> jhung: could be
2016-03-03T20:44:23 <ioan_> cindyli, about "Implement UIO responsive design" project, because it\'s rated with low-medium difficulty is there a way to include something related to security in it?
2016-03-03T20:45:18 <cindyli> ioan_: do you have some thoughts about what security related things you\'d like to include?
2016-03-03T20:46:04 <ioan_> no, I do not..I mean maybe I could have some ideas, but not now
2016-03-03T20:47:58 <cindyli> ioan_: let us know if you have some thoughts, but this project is mainly about a responsive design.
2016-03-03T20:48:33 <ioan_> ok, will do
2016-03-03T20:49:33 <cindyli> thanks, ioan_
2016-03-03T20:50:26 <danayo> cindyli: ioan_ was interested in the security aspects related to GPII integration with UIO (and has seen the wireframes). I suggested to get in touch with you or simonjb
2016-03-03T20:50:57 <simonjb> hey gloob, I wanted to check with you and see how it was going with the prefs sets and list of ATs and settings?
2016-03-03T20:51:37 <cindyli> cool. thanks for letting me know, danayo.
2016-03-03T20:53:00 <cindyli> ioan_: let me take a look on our project list of anything related security
2016-03-03T20:53:40 <ioan_> ok,
2016-03-03T20:54:19 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T20:54:51 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T20:55:47 <cindyli> ioan_: you might also wanna look thru the project list to see anything in particular you are interested
2016-03-03T20:57:05 <ioan_> I\'ve looked through it, that project I told you about is the most relevant for me i think
2016-03-03T20:59:42 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T21:01:41 <cindyli> that\'s great, ioan_. you know what you like the most
2016-03-03T21:03:36 <cindyli> this project is more regarding the responsive design. you\'ve seen the latest wireframe with GPII security integrated. i think one thing you can bear in mind when doing the design is to keep that in mind, be able to allow the extension of other features
2016-03-03T21:04:52 <cindyli> ioan_: let me know if you have other thoughts
2016-03-03T21:09:39 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T21:11:31 <bens_> hi cindyli, i saw earlier that you\'re getting notifications about anything opened in JIRA for first discovery. Just a heads up I am going to be opening JIRAs to import items from our track & plan system. Sorry if it spams you!
2016-03-03T21:11:58 <cindyli> no problem. thanks for letting me know, bens_
2016-03-03T21:18:46 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-03-03T21:26:54 * gtirloni has left the channel
2016-03-03T21:28:45 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T21:29:20 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T21:33:50 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T21:42:39 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-03T21:45:32 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T21:47:15 * anvk has quit
2016-03-03T21:47:39 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T21:47:59 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T21:54:35 * bens_ has quit
2016-03-03T21:58:09 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T22:04:27 * abhibansal53 joined the channel
2016-03-03T22:43:50 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-03T22:46:51 <simonjb> hey Bosmon, are you around?
2016-03-03T22:48:08 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-03T22:58:41 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T23:04:18 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T23:30:08 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-03-03T23:42:39 * kasparnet has quit
'

b'2016-03-03T17:41:21 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T17:41:49 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:45:44 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T17:46:17 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:49:19 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T17:49:23 <Justin_o> colinclark: how is this https://opensource.com/life/16/1/first-timers-guide-getting-started-open-source
2016-03-03T17:49:54 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:54:03 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T17:54:23 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:55:19 <colinclark> Justin_o: There\'s also the guide from Eric S. Raymond...
2016-03-03T17:55:36 <colinclark> I feel so often ideologically opposed to Raymond, and I haven\'t read it in years
2016-03-03T17:55:36 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:55:41 <colinclark> so I\'d want to vet it before sending it out
2016-03-03T17:55:52 <colinclark> I wonder if hood.ie has any nice gentle and inclusive guides for this?
2016-03-03T17:56:08 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:57:16 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T17:57:25 <colinclark> There\'s even some good stuff in here: http://write.flossmanuals.net/gsocstudentguide/making-first-contact/
2016-03-03T17:57:51 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:00:11 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:02:07 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T18:02:22 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:15:12 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes.. nice GSoC specific page
2016-03-03T18:16:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:16:22 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T18:16:57 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:17:57 <bens_> Justin_o, I think that Matt, Rich, and Shari are are staying on in some part time capacity.
2016-03-03T18:18:06 <bens_> Justin_o, and John will be supporting the usability test events
2016-03-03T18:18:49 <Justin_o> bens_: i see thanks
2016-03-03T18:20:36 <simonjb> colinclark: we have an APCP security meeting at 2pm today -- are you interested in joining? I don\'t think Sandra invited you
2016-03-03T18:20:49 <colinclark> simonjb: yeah, it was intentional on her part :)
2016-03-03T18:20:57 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T18:21:00 <simonjb> I figured
2016-03-03T18:21:06 <colinclark> Despite all evidence to the contrary, I\'m not actually supposed to be here
2016-03-03T18:21:16 <simonjb> yes, that was my understanding also :)
2016-03-03T18:21:17 <colinclark> I just realized this morning that I promised Bosmon I would review all our Infusion pull requests
2016-03-03T18:21:26 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:21:37 <colinclark> I had a really nice chat with gtirloni, which I think he probably shared
2016-03-03T18:21:42 <colinclark> so let me know how it goes
2016-03-03T18:21:45 <simonjb> yes, will do
2016-03-03T18:21:50 <colinclark> and pull me in if you need me--I\'ll be here for another half an hour
2016-03-03T18:21:55 <colinclark> then back to the coal mine
2016-03-03T18:23:18 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T18:24:00 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:25:12 <colinclark> Justin_o: Do we have a physical Windows 8.1 or 10 machine that you can test FLUID-5821 with?
2016-03-03T18:25:24 <colinclark> I\'m able to reproduce your exact behaviour on Windows 10 in both IE 11 and Edge
2016-03-03T18:26:04 <Justin_o> colinclark: we have the surface pro that has win 10 on it.. and the cart at the back of the office as well.. I\'m not in the office today though. I don\'t know about win 8.1 machines though.. would have to check with bert
2016-03-03T18:26:32 <colinclark> is anyone in the office today who feels like testing this for us?
2016-03-03T18:26:44 <Justin_o> colinclark: so it\'s either related to VMs or possibly something new that came after Win 7
2016-03-03T18:26:54 <Justin_o> jhung: do you have time to look at that?
2016-03-03T18:27:10 <colinclark> I don\'t know, Justin_o
2016-03-03T18:27:27 <colinclark> I guess we\'ll be able to rule out the former possibility by testing on a native Windows host
2016-03-03T18:28:25 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T18:29:01 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:29:25 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T18:29:40 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:30:05 <jhung> Just catching up on the conversation Justin_o, colinclark.
2016-03-03T18:31:52 <jhung> Ok. So how do I test for this exactly? I\'ll also need to track down a Windows 8.1 machine Justin_o
2016-03-03T18:33:57 <colinclark> jhung: Either Windows 10 or 8.1
2016-03-03T18:33:59 <simonjb> hey kasparnet -- would you have a minute to help with making a new GPII Etherpad?
2016-03-03T18:34:02 <colinclark> As long as it\'s native, not in a VM
2016-03-03T18:34:10 <simonjb> kasparnet: do I need an account?
2016-03-03T18:34:15 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T18:34:18 <kasparnet> simonjb: sure - I can make one
2016-03-03T18:34:23 <kasparnet> ... or you can create and account
2016-03-03T18:34:30 <kasparnet> an*
2016-03-03T18:34:35 <simonjb> I want one for the meeting in 25mins
2016-03-03T18:34:36 <colinclark> and you\'ll just need to test with amb26:FLUID-5821, jhung
2016-03-03T18:34:42 <simonjb> for meeting notes
2016-03-03T18:34:43 <Justin_o> jhung: the instructions should be up on the pull request, but feel free to ping me if you need some clarification
2016-03-03T18:34:52 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:34:55 <colinclark> Justin_o\'s steps to reproduce are very thorough--you just start cursoring around until everything explodes
2016-03-03T18:35:03 <kasparnet> would prefer to make one yourself or that I do it?
2016-03-03T18:35:05 <kasparnet> simonjb: ^
2016-03-03T18:35:39 <simonjb> kasparnet: either is fine for right now, but it would be nice to have the ability to make pads for future meetings
2016-03-03T18:36:00 <jhung> ok thanks. I\'ll start with Windows 10 on the Surface
2016-03-03T18:36:06 <Justin_o> colinclark: that\'s a pretty good summary actually :)
2016-03-03T18:36:09 <kasparnet> simonjb: well, perhaps try making an account - and if there are any issues, let me know and I\'ll create the pad
2016-03-03T18:36:21 <simonjb> kasparnet: do we consider this service ready to use in general?
2016-03-03T18:36:34 <kasparnet> yes, that\'s my impression!
2016-03-03T18:36:50 <kasparnet> I think it\'s at least as stable as piratepad
2016-03-03T18:36:50 <simonjb> cool, thanks
2016-03-03T18:36:55 <simonjb> :)
2016-03-03T18:37:02 <kasparnet> (which doesn\'t take much) :)
2016-03-03T18:37:17 <simonjb> I\'ll make an account now then, thanks
2016-03-03T18:40:34 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T18:40:47 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:43:29 <simonjb> kasparnet: cool, worked, do I need to do anything to make it public?
2016-03-03T18:43:44 <simonjb> or is sharing the URL all that is needed?
2016-03-03T18:43:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:45:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:48:18 <simonjb> kasparnet: do I need to make the pad "public"?
2016-03-03T18:48:33 <kasparnet> I *think* so
2016-03-03T18:48:47 <kasparnet> else only people you\'ve explicitly shared it with can use it
2016-03-03T18:48:54 <kasparnet> (which means they would need accounts)
2016-03-03T18:49:01 <simonjb> ok, cool, thanks
2016-03-03T18:50:01 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-03T18:54:35 <Justin_o> avtar: are we still planning on adding a vagrant development setup to Infusion?
2016-03-03T18:56:56 <avtar> Justin_o: there\'s config in the repo for a linux vm
2016-03-03T18:57:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:57:36 <avtar> i\'ll most likely work on windows support after a few other QI milestones post-review
2016-03-03T18:57:47 <Justin_o> avtar: does that come with a web server and all the hook ups so that you can work on the host but run it through the web server on the vm?
2016-03-03T18:58:31 <avtar> no web server, it\'s meant more so for running tests
2016-03-03T18:59:53 * clown_mtg has quit
2016-03-03T19:07:42 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T19:08:18 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T19:08:30 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T19:08:43 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T19:23:05 <jessm> gtirloni: alanharnum: either of you heard of this? https://ring.cx/
2016-03-03T19:24:25 <alanharnum> jessm: no, though looks interesting
2016-03-03T19:25:35 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T19:26:08 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T19:26:27 <gtirloni> jessm: same here, first time i hear about it. looks like a contender to https://tox.chat
2016-03-03T19:30:23 <jhung> colinclark, Justin_o, Bosmon - I tested FLUID-5821 on the Surface Pro 3 and the issue is present with IE11.
2016-03-03T19:30:41 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T19:32:10 <colinclark> ok, very interesting
2016-03-03T19:32:24 <colinclark> can you comment on the pull request, jhung with your findings?
2016-03-03T19:32:32 <jhung> yes colinclark I already did
2016-03-03T19:32:35 <colinclark> oh awesome
2016-03-03T19:32:40 <colinclark> sorry, I must have missed it
2016-03-03T19:32:42 <colinclark> thank you very much
2016-03-03T19:32:57 <jhung> No prob.
2016-03-03T19:45:39 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-03-03T19:45:39 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-03T19:50:25 * dins has quit
2016-03-03T19:54:27 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-03-03T19:55:05 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-03T19:55:29 <Justin_o> avtar, gtirloni, alanharnum: have you seen this https://groups.io NVDA seems to be moving their lists over to it
2016-03-03T19:56:29 <alanharnum> Justin_o: interesting - looks like a competitor for the "business" of Yahoo/Google groups
2016-03-03T19:56:52 <Justin_o> alanharnum: yes, they seem to let you import from them
2016-03-03T19:57:04 <Justin_o> and they also seem to integrate with slack on other things
2016-03-03T19:57:21 <Justin_o> i don\'t know what their business model is though, if the service itself is free
2016-03-03T19:59:16 <alanharnum> looks like a freemium model
2016-03-03T19:59:30 <alanharnum> https://groups.io/static/pricing
2016-03-03T19:59:47 <alanharnum> and ad-supported for the free one
2016-03-03T20:00:53 <cindyli> simonjb: is there anything i can help with collecting the payload snapshots and prefs sets for the meeting next wedesday?
2016-03-03T20:01:49 <simonjb> cindyli: thank you, potentially -- michelle is working on it
2016-03-03T20:02:01 <cindyli> cool. good to know. thanks, simonjb
2016-03-03T20:02:23 <simonjb> I will send her an email letting her know that we said that we would have something for Wed morning
2016-03-03T20:02:54 <cindyli> thanks
2016-03-03T20:03:58 <simonjb> gtirloni and cindyli: do you have time for a quick check-in?
2016-03-03T20:04:09 <gtirloni> yep
2016-03-03T20:04:09 <cindyli> yes, simonjb
2016-03-03T20:04:47 <simonjb> gtirloni, cindyli: awesome -- shall we meet in my room on vidyo?
2016-03-03T20:04:54 <cindyli> on my way
2016-03-03T20:05:51 <gtirloni> ok joining
2016-03-03T20:10:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-03T20:13:18 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-03-03T20:16:27 <bens_> Justin_o, I think we are going to have a couple of issues in JIRA that boil down limitations on screen real estate, and are actually the same issue just replicated by different combinations of preference settings (language, size)
2016-03-03T20:17:10 <bens_> Justin_o, what do you think about opening a single item, then citing each of the unique ways we\'ve found to produce it within that ticket?
2016-03-03T20:17:46 <Justin_o> bens_: if they are really the same then it should be fine... if they are similar JIRA allows you to link the issues together , e.g. "relates to"
'

b'2016-03-03T00:15:43 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-03T00:34:05 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T00:38:34 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-03T01:26:55 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T02:16:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-03T02:20:52 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-03T02:43:46 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-03T02:49:37 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-03T02:58:11 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-03T03:28:31 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T03:32:45 * yzen has quit
2016-03-03T04:18:11 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-03T04:22:23 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-03T05:12:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-03T05:12:13 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-03T05:30:24 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T06:58:59 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-03-03T06:59:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-03T06:59:48 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-03T07:07:34 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-03T07:30:28 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-03T07:31:48 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T07:36:27 * yzen has quit
2016-03-03T07:44:56 * rahulgoyal joined the channel
2016-03-03T07:49:39 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-03T08:04:05 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-03T08:14:55 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-03T08:28:03 * rahulgoyal has quit
2016-03-03T08:50:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-03T08:54:33 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-03T09:02:47 * ioan_ joined the channel
2016-03-03T09:09:22 * dins has quit
2016-03-03T09:13:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-03T09:18:11 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-03T09:33:28 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T09:53:21 * siddharth11 joined the channel
2016-03-03T10:24:28 * siddharth11 has quit
2016-03-03T11:09:29 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-03T11:34:47 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T11:38:59 * yzen has quit
2016-03-03T12:05:25 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-03T12:11:56 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-03T12:31:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:09:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-03T13:09:34 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:10:28 * bens_ joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:13:20 * bens_ has quit
2016-03-03T13:17:36 * jhung joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:34:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:36:34 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:47:09 * jessm joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:55:48 * anvk joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:12:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:20:05 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:20:05 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-03-03T14:23:54 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:25:31 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:27:51 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:31:40 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-03-03T14:34:04 <cindyli> simonjb: can we check in regarding APCP security when you have some time?
2016-03-03T14:34:34 <simonjb> yes definitely cindyli
2016-03-03T14:34:40 <simonjb> would now work?
2016-03-03T14:34:48 <cindyli> sure, simonjb.
2016-03-03T14:35:02 <cindyli> vidyo?
2016-03-03T14:35:07 <simonjb> cindyli: sure, call me?
2016-03-03T14:35:12 <cindyli> sure
2016-03-03T14:36:39 * yzen_ has quit
2016-03-03T14:48:08 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:49:11 <Justin_o> when you have a chance could you tell me how you transferred a JIRA from fluid project to gpii
2016-03-03T14:49:13 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2016-03-03T14:49:43 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o, talking to simon right now. we can do it after that
2016-03-03T14:52:25 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2016-03-03T14:53:30 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-03T15:01:09 <jhernandez> kasparnet, Bosmon, gtirloni: : arch meeting with IBM
2016-03-03T15:01:15 <gtirloni> thanks
2016-03-03T15:01:40 <jhernandez> kasparnet: oh, you\'re already here
2016-03-03T15:01:52 <gtirloni> it says room2 is not open
2016-03-03T15:02:13 <kasparnet> gtirloni: its in the 705 room
2016-03-03T15:02:21 <gtirloni> ok
2016-03-03T15:03:31 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-03T15:03:44 * dins has quit
2016-03-03T15:26:47 <cindyli> Justin_o: i jumped into another meeting after talking with simon. for transferring jira from fluid to gpii, use "more" -> "remote copy" then select "gpii" as the target project
2016-03-03T15:27:03 <cindyli> let me know if you have problems
2016-03-03T15:27:12 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2016-03-03T15:27:16 <cindyli> np
2016-03-03T15:33:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T15:40:18 <Justin_o> cindyli: seemed to work, thanks
2016-03-03T15:40:29 <cindyli> cool
2016-03-03T16:06:00 <gtirloni> simonjb: is the security meeting happening right now? i didn\'t get the last part of the conversation
2016-03-03T16:06:24 <simonjb> gtirloni: no, it\'s being scheduled for 2pm
2016-03-03T16:06:32 <gtirloni> ok thanks
2016-03-03T16:07:03 <simonjb> gtirloni: sorry for the confusion
2016-03-03T16:07:19 <gtirloni> np, i got distracted my bad
2016-03-03T16:11:40 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-03T16:27:07 * bens_ joined the channel
2016-03-03T16:30:55 <cindyli> Justin_o: i noticed u assigned GPII-1604 for FD to me. do you want me to fix that?
2016-03-03T16:31:27 <cindyli> as well as GPII-1602 and GPII-1603
2016-03-03T16:31:30 <Justin_o> cindyli: no you seem to be the one autoasigned to all the FD issues
2016-03-03T16:31:41 <cindyli> ah. ok, got it
2016-03-03T16:31:56 <Justin_o> cindyli: i don\'t think you can leave that field empty unfortunately
2016-03-03T16:32:30 <cindyli> no "unassigned" selection. fluid JIRAs have that
2016-03-03T16:33:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-03T16:33:35 <Justin_o> I think in GPII an assignee is required
2016-03-03T16:44:03 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-03T16:48:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T16:56:42 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-03T16:59:15 * dins has quit
2016-03-03T17:06:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:09:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:10:05 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:14:25 <Justin_o> bens_: may not be able to make it to tomorrow\'s standup, but i\'ll try to be there..
2016-03-03T17:14:42 <Justin_o> bens_: also, who on your team will still be working on the project after Friday
2016-03-03T17:14:43 <Justin_o> ?
2016-03-03T17:21:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:24:10 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:24:33 * clown is now known as Guest10017
2016-03-03T17:24:46 * Guest10017 is now known as klown
2016-03-03T17:25:01 * klown is now known as clown_mtg
2016-03-03T17:28:53 <colinclark> hey Justin_o
2016-03-03T17:29:06 <colinclark> I am reviewing this pull request: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/670
2016-03-03T17:29:29 <colinclark> Were you able to determine if the issue you\'re encountering is an artifact of your particular Windows VM?
2016-03-03T17:30:37 <Justin_o> colinclark: sorry didn\'t get a chance to retest that one yet. I was using a modern.ie vm for it though
2016-03-03T17:30:53 <colinclark> Ok, I\'ll take a look
2016-03-03T17:30:58 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks
2016-03-03T17:31:02 <colinclark> It is sufficient to use IE 11 in Windows 10?
2016-03-03T17:31:06 <Justin_o> colinclark: by the way, i have a CLA question for you as well
2016-03-03T17:32:07 <colinclark> ok
2016-03-03T17:32:08 <colinclark> fire away
2016-03-03T17:32:16 <Justin_o> colinclark: hmm.. interesting.. let me know if you get the bug.. I just noticed that I tried with Win 8.1 and Bosmon with Win 7. So there could be some interaction with the OS
2016-03-03T17:32:55 <Justin_o> colinclark: we\'re getting some pull requests from potential GSoC students. Should we get them to sign a CLA first?
2016-03-03T17:33:42 <colinclark> yes, we should
2016-03-03T17:35:24 * simonjb has quit
2016-03-03T17:35:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:36:48 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks..
2016-03-03T17:36:56 <colinclark> Justin_o: While you\'re on that topic
2016-03-03T17:37:17 <colinclark> Can you suggest a tutorial or overview that we can send to students regarding how open source works?
2016-03-03T17:37:21 <colinclark> And how to interact with a community?
2016-03-03T17:37:37 <colinclark> I\'m getting quite the barrage of private emails with comments like "Can you tell me how to do this?"
2016-03-03T17:37:47 <colinclark> And I\'ve been super nice and welcoming, asking for specifics
2016-03-03T17:37:56 <colinclark> but the specifics I get back are "Can you tell me how to do this?"
2016-03-03T17:38:07 <colinclark> So I\'m thinking what we need is one of the many onboarding tutorials that have been written
2016-03-03T17:38:22 <colinclark> about how to ask good questions in open source communities
2016-03-03T17:38:31 <colinclark> how to file bug reports and descibe issues
2016-03-03T17:38:33 <colinclark> and so on
2016-03-03T17:38:40 <colinclark> I think it\'s just an issue of experience and orientation
2016-03-03T17:38:48 <colinclark> Maybe a chapter from Karl Fogel\'s book?
2016-03-03T17:38:51 <colinclark> Or maybe something else?
2016-03-03T17:39:40 <Justin_o> colinclark: hmm... let me see..
2016-03-03T17:39:54 <colinclark> Perhaps even something we can put into the wiki page for our GSoC projects
2016-03-03T17:39:57 <colinclark> saying "Read this first!"
'

