b"2016-03-14T21:24:55 <akshay_> Did my findings regarding FLUID-4770 help you out? Should I send you a pull request that fixes the uploader demo up temporarily.
2016-03-14T21:28:17 * jhernandez has quit
2016-03-14T21:29:26 * simonjb has quit
2016-03-14T21:34:36 <Justin_o> akshay_: thanks for your comment on the jira
2016-03-14T21:34:52 <Justin_o> I think someone else is working on this bug already, although i'm not sure how far they have gotten.
2016-03-14T21:35:00 <Justin_o> you can follow the pull request link to see there work if you are intersted
2016-03-14T21:35:20 <Justin_o> akshay_: also, thanks for the help with testing the PGA stuff.
2016-03-14T21:35:37 <Justin_o> akshay_: i'll be heading offline soon, did you have any other questions before?
2016-03-14T21:38:17 <akshay_> I have made that fix in my topic branch and it works fine on all the browsers.
2016-03-14T21:40:44 <akshay_> Now I'm writing my proposal and I want to show you my draft proposal in case you want me to make some changes.
2016-03-14T21:40:44 <Justin_o> akshay_: cool.. just tried it in Firefox and Safari and it is working..
2016-03-14T21:41:06 <Justin_o> akshay_: sounds good.. can you submit the draft proposal through the GSoC site
2016-03-14T21:41:57 <akshay_> This is firs time I'm applying for a GSoC project, can we submit a draft one via the GSoC site?
2016-03-14T21:42:25 <akshay_> I mean I would want you to see that before finalising it.
2016-03-14T21:42:57 <Justin_o> akshay_: you have to have your final proposal in by the March 25 but i believe you can also submit draft proposals.. It's my understanding that they are recommending google docs for the drafts and require a pdf for the final
2016-03-14T21:43:13 <Justin_o> but they are using a new system this year, so i'm not 100% sure how the students submit those on the site
2016-03-14T21:43:29 <Justin_o> akshay_: yes, definitely you can submit a draft proposal
2016-03-14T21:44:48 <akshay_> Fine. I'll check that out. I had one more question.
2016-03-14T21:45:51 <akshay_> Do I need to strictly abide by your template for the proposal because I wanted to be a little creative with it and add some more points that might be helpful.
2016-03-14T21:46:52 <Justin_o> akshay_: make sure you cover all the points mentioned in the template, if you want to add some more to that and be a bit creative that should be okay
2016-03-14T21:47:42 <akshay_> For the PGA testing I had to travel so far to my cousin's house to get hold of a Mac :)
2016-03-14T21:47:58 <Justin_o> akshay_: really appreciate the effort
2016-03-14T21:48:17 <akshay_> thanks justin_o
2016-03-14T21:49:40 <akshay_> I have send you a pull request for the FLUID-4770 issue in case that helps in fixing the issue temporarily.
2016-03-14T21:53:17 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-03-14T21:59:45 <Justin_o> akshay_: thanks
2016-03-14T22:05:10 <akshay_> I had a worry, would it be justified if someone's uses my idea in his/her proposal as the link to my project plan on Github is there in the IRC chat log since a long time.
2016-03-14T22:06:05 <akshay_> Just asked, as I heard this regret from one of my friend regarding his previous year's GSoC proposal.
2016-03-14T22:31:25 * danayo has quit
2016-03-14T22:39:12 * akshay_ has quit
2016-03-14T22:59:45 * amatas has quit
2016-03-14T23:08:13 <Blagoj> I've created the improvement: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5876
2016-03-14T23:31:01 * Blagoj has quit
2016-03-14T23:52:29 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-14T23:56:45 * yzen has quit
"

b'2016-03-14T16:41:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-14T16:49:13 * divamgupta has quit
2016-03-14T16:49:42 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T17:10:40 * divamgupta joined the channel
2016-03-14T17:18:12 <Justin_o> Blagoj: feel free to file an improvement ticket for that
2016-03-14T17:20:33 <Blagoj> Alright, should it be in the issues as well?
2016-03-14T17:20:46 * divamgupta has quit
2016-03-14T17:21:53 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-03-14T17:22:56 <gtirloni> alanharnum avtar: for the QI infra, i\'m wondering if it\'s preferred that a vagrantfile start the node app with nodemon or systemd by default (i.e. what goes in the provisioning/vars.yml)
2016-03-14T17:25:21 <avtar> gtirloni: i\'ve been using nodemon to avoid having to restart the node process but that will change once it\'s no longer living on alan\'s or my computer
2016-03-14T17:32:42 * anvk1 joined the channel
2016-03-14T17:34:26 * anvk has quit
2016-03-14T17:35:00 <Justin_o> Blagoj: yes, you\'d file that in the issue tracker, but instead of marking it as a bug, you\'d set it as improvement.
2016-03-14T17:35:44 <gtirloni> avtar: ok thanks
2016-03-14T17:36:20 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-14T17:39:02 * ioan_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T17:44:44 <Blagoj> Justin_o: Thanks, I will do it, and one more question, about new ideas, let\'s say new features, should they first get approved by someone, or should they directly be added on the issue tracker? I plan to add them in my proposal as well
2016-03-14T17:46:27 <Justin_o> Blagoj: you should probably talk over the new ideas first and adding them to your proposal sounds like a good idea.
2016-03-14T17:47:01 <gtirloni> Justin_o cindyli michelled colinclark alanharnum avtar: I don\'t have access to merge this PR but I think it looks good -- https://github.com/fluid-project/FestivalTextToSpeechService/pull/1   --- I just sent another PR if you guys can take a look (it\'ll probably conflict, but i can fix it) https://github.com/fluid-project/FestivalTextToSpeechService/pull/2
2016-03-14T17:48:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are you still going to look at that pull request ^
2016-03-14T17:49:40 <Justin_o> gtirloni: regarding your changes, will they cause any breakages for demos that are accessing the festival server?
2016-03-14T17:51:04 <gtirloni> Justin_o: not really, that depends on how it\'s deployed. there usually is a reverse proxy listening on port 80 and forwarding to localhost:8080 (or some other port)
2016-03-14T17:51:21 <Justin_o> gtirloni: okay, cool.
2016-03-14T17:51:56 * akshay_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T17:53:21 <akshay_> justin_o : I\'m doing the PGA State Tests for first discovery on Mac OS 10.11(El Capitan) and I\'m getting the same voice issues with this http://first-discovery.mybluemix.net/demos/prefsServerIntegration/index.html?preview=electron
2016-03-14T17:53:30 <akshay_> as you mentioned earlier.
2016-03-14T17:54:08 <Justin_o> akshay_: thanks for verifying that
2016-03-14T17:55:39 <akshay_> I\'m continuing with all the unit tests and state tests as I see that it still hasn\'t been marked as done.
2016-03-14T17:56:36 <akshay_> or if I specifically need to verify some of them then you can tell me that.
2016-03-14T17:59:06 <Justin_o> akshay_: thanks for your help. please let me know if you find anything new or if something behaves differently.
2016-03-14T17:59:46 <akshay_> https://github.com/AkshayAgarwal007/First-Discovery-of-Preferences/blob/master/bug.png : this is an issue which I found while checking the uploader demo out.
2016-03-14T18:01:12 * divamgupta joined the channel
2016-03-14T18:01:20 <cindyli> colinclark: can we talk about tomorrow\'s demo when you have some time?
2016-03-14T18:01:36 <cindyli> it won\'t take long i believe, 5 mins probably
2016-03-14T18:01:57 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-14T18:04:12 * clown has quit
2016-03-14T18:05:42 <Justin_o> akshay_: that one has already been filed and is being worked on currently https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4770
2016-03-14T18:08:05 <akshay_> There is no any issue with emptying the queue in my case, the browse files button remains unaligned from the beginning itself.
2016-03-14T18:08:33 <akshay_> and after emptying the queue too it remains unaligned.
2016-03-14T18:08:59 <colinclark> cindyli: Sure. Is 4:30 pm today too late?
2016-03-14T18:09:11 <cindyli> that works for me, colinclark
2016-03-14T18:09:23 <colinclark> Basically I just want to have an example of what one-size-fits-one accessibility looks like for someone who doesn\'t know much about accessibility is at all
2016-03-14T18:09:30 <colinclark> the way that a computer can adapt to suit you, on the fly
2016-03-14T18:11:39 <cindyli> colinclark: cool. good to know. we currently have 2 demo cases, one is insert an USB and the machine applies the user preferences. The other is to go thru the privacy settings page to grant permission of what preferences are authorized to be accessed by this machine, then insert the USB, settings applied
2016-03-14T18:12:06 <cindyli> sounds like the first demo would satisfy what you need, is that true, colinclark
2016-03-14T18:12:10 <colinclark> yup, exactly
2016-03-14T18:12:15 <colinclark> something that\'s fast and seamless
2016-03-14T18:12:48 <cindyli> great. do you want me to explain the process while doing the demo, or you will be doing the talking, colinclark?
2016-03-14T18:13:25 <akshay_> A temporary fix would be to change the width to 8em for uploader-browse and to 7em for uploder-browseMore and add that to uploader.css(in the uploader demo).
2016-03-14T18:13:54 <colinclark> cindyli: Probably it\'s just a very high-level description
2016-03-14T18:14:08 <colinclark> about how your preferences are available anywhere and securely in the cloud
2016-03-14T18:14:23 <colinclark> and how computers and websites will, as a result, be able to adapt themselves to you
2016-03-14T18:14:41 <cindyli> cool. colinclark. that\'s all i wanna ask, u\'ve answered them all. we don\'t need 4:30 meeting. :)
2016-03-14T18:15:05 <colinclark> :) :)
2016-03-14T18:15:07 <colinclark> ok great
2016-03-14T18:15:08 <Justin_o> akshay_: could you add your findings into the comments on that JIRA ticket
2016-03-14T18:17:48 <akshay_> ya I would do that but I just wanted to know that whether that is the right way or not because I am also working on FLUID-962(long file names in the upload queue, push the file size and remove button out of view)
2016-03-14T18:18:07 * sepidehshahi_ has quit
2016-03-14T18:18:33 <akshay_> so in this truncating by hardcoding the number of characters is very easy and I\'ve already done that.
2016-03-14T18:18:42 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T18:19:04 <gtirloni> added test results to fluid-project/FestivalTextToSpeechService/pull/2
2016-03-14T18:20:56 * sepidehshahi_ has quit
2016-03-14T18:20:59 * amatas_ has quit
2016-03-14T18:21:40 <akshay_> but a more responsive solution would be to check the width of that particular container on which the file name is displayed and the text size and how much witdh the characters with that particular size take
2016-03-14T18:22:05 <akshay_> and also how much space the file size is taking and then truncate the name based on this
2016-03-14T18:23:55 <akshay_> or a better solution would be display it in tabular form and separate columns for filename, file size and remove buttons
2016-03-14T18:24:38 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T18:24:38 <akshay_> and in that way we everything would hold its place better and we would also be able to show a large file name and then truncate it if it exceeds too much.
2016-03-14T18:26:54 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-14T18:27:22 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-14T18:27:58 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-14T18:30:46 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-14T18:31:41 * danayo has quit
2016-03-14T18:32:40 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-14T18:33:08 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-14T18:34:55 <Justin_o> akshay_: we do want to be able to handle truncating either way, and the truncating needs to be smart in that it can\'t just chop off the end of the file name as the extension and etc may be important.
2016-03-14T18:38:59 <akshay_> ya the chopping would show the start beginning and end of the filename separated by dots as you mentioned in the JIRA issue but when to chop should be based upon the width of the field and the width that a string with a particular text size would take
2016-03-14T18:39:15 <akshay_> and not on a predefined count of characters?
2016-03-14T18:51:14 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-03-14T18:58:52 <michelled> simonjb: I think this is the link I have for it, but it seems quite broken: http://portal.teco.edu/dspace/?q=en/node/53
2016-03-14T18:59:45 <simonjb> ok, thanks michelled
2016-03-14T19:01:46 <akshay_> anyways I know how to proceed with that justin and I could fix that but presently I\'m working on to show you a demo of a blockly based page editor
2016-03-14T19:04:15 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-14T19:05:00 <akshay_> because that is another one feature I would like to add to preference discovery game as it would teach basic of coding too.
2016-03-14T19:10:25 <akshay_> I have added my finding to the FLUID-4770 JIRA issue and I would also wan\'t you to have a look at this : http://akshayagarwal007.github.io/First-Discovery-of-Preferences/
2016-03-14T19:11:42 <akshay_> this is a demo of one of the UI mockup, it uses phaser and the Arcade physics system. You can click on the screen to have a full screen view.
2016-03-14T19:11:59 <Justin_o> akshay_: is it interactive at all yet, or more like a video right tnow
2016-03-14T19:12:00 <Justin_o> now
2016-03-14T19:12:12 * divamgupta__ joined the channel
2016-03-14T19:12:41 <Justin_o> also the blockly idea is also intersting
2016-03-14T19:14:30 <akshay_> yes justin, this is very basic.
2016-03-14T19:14:41 * divamgupta has quit
2016-03-14T19:15:23 <Justin_o> good start though
2016-03-14T19:15:40 * alanharnum_ has quit
2016-03-14T19:15:50 <akshay_> this is just a single screen of the entire game.
2016-03-14T19:18:06 <Justin_o> akshay_: that makes sense, no need to develop the entire game right now :)
2016-03-14T19:18:12 <akshay_> I think it would be more appealing to you after I add two three levels and when you would be able to see the character moved by the player itself and interacting with various objects in the game
2016-03-14T19:18:59 <ioan_> Hello, what is the maximum number of projects accepted for your organisation from GSoC ?
2016-03-14T19:19:25 <Justin_o> akshay_: that would be interesting yes and if you could add keyboard access... also don\'t forget about support for assistive technologies. That doesn\'t have to be in your demo yet, but it would be good to be part of your proposal
2016-03-14T19:20:05 <Justin_o> ioan_: what do you mean exactly? how many projects will GSoC allow us run? or How many can you apply to?
2016-03-14T19:20:09 <Justin_o> or something else?
2016-03-14T19:20:38 <akshay_> yes that\'s what I thought. It was just meant to show you that I have worked with phaser as I don\'t have anything hosted on github that I have developed using phaser that could show you.
2016-03-14T19:21:26 <Justin_o> akshay_: makes sense, thanks for putting stuff up
2016-03-14T19:22:22 <ioan_> Justin_o I mean, on your page you have 6 projects. Are all of them going to start inside GSoC program? From what I know not all the projects are usually accepted, it\'s a maximum number I think.
2016-03-14T19:22:25 <akshay_> keyboard access.. yes justin . did you press 1 or 2 while playing that game?
2016-03-14T19:22:52 <Justin_o> akshay_: i\'ll try that out, is there any particular browser that i should be using or does it matter.
2016-03-14T19:23:33 <akshay_> you can use the latest version of chrome, open that game up, there are two birds flying which say are two preferences
2016-03-14T19:24:15 <Justin_o> ioan_: so GSoC hasn\'t allocated slots yet. We\'ll be able to request a max and min number of slots and they will choose what to allocate to us. The number of projects we have on our ideas page doesn\'t necessarily reflect what number of slots we\'ll get or even ask for. That will depend on other factors such as project proposals and etc.
2016-03-14T19:24:53 <akshay_> the tank is your player, you have to type 1 or 2 (typing them from the numpad on the right side won\'t work) , the bird will drop that choice, the tank will pick that up, you r score would be updated and a voice would convey you your choic
2016-03-14T19:24:59 <ioan_> I understand
2016-03-14T19:25:06 <akshay_> is that what you saw previously?
2016-03-14T19:26:10 <Justin_o> ioan_: are you worried about which project to apply for? I know some were talking to you about potentially creating a different project around security.
2016-03-14T19:26:37 <akshay_> because I though you would ask me that what I\'m using for text to speech. Presenty i\'m using responsivevoice.js just for demonstration but in the original project I would be using infusion text to speech.
2016-03-14T19:27:41 <Justin_o> maybe it wasn\'t working in my browser.. i\'ll try again
2016-03-14T19:28:24 <ioan_> Yes, i am kind of worried because I would like to apply for "Implement User Interface / Learner Options Responsive Design" , but being the only one with low-medium difficulty, I think that also it\'s importance may be a little low. So that\'s why I asked about the maximum number of project, but now I understand that proposal is more important than that.
2016-03-14T19:29:18 <Justin_o> akshay_: cool... it didn\'t seem to be working in Safari, works in chrome.. i guess you need to also add mouse support then, but nice start.
2016-03-14T19:29:25 <Justin_o> are you using the web speech api for the voice?
2016-03-14T19:29:33 <akshay_> it works on the latest version of chrome on both windows and el capitan.
2016-03-14T19:29:56 <ioan_> And about something related to Security I don\'t have any ideas, I mean I\'m not against helping with something related to security
2016-03-14T19:30:25 <Justin_o> ioan_: yes, they aren\'t really weighted on their difficulty in terms of if we\'ll pick them.. so please feel free to apply for that one
2016-03-14T19:31:24 <akshay_> so since we are making a gamified infusion based tool and then a game based on that , the tool can have several gameplays.
2016-03-14T19:32:24 <ioan_> But I don\'t think that I have that much knowledge as of now, to help you in something related to security or to come up with an idea, at least not in the next 2 weeks. So what I say is that I\'m not against helping with some issues related to security alongside my main project which would be the UI interface
2016-03-14T19:32:42 <akshay_> one is what you are seeing now, several such short games setting a particular preference up, or a continuous world like say mario where you interact with several objects and set you preferences up.
2016-03-14T19:33:23 <akshay_> and the developers using our tool can choose a particular gameplay that suits their application.
2016-03-14T19:38:03 <ioan_> Justin_o, and also, I am not against learning anything new related to this, on the contrary I may say that I am eager to learn anything new and to enrich my knowledge, also because I\'ve just started my master\'s degree in security
2016-03-14T19:48:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-14T19:49:41 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-14T19:51:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-14T19:56:42 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-14T19:59:36 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-14T20:02:03 * alanharnum_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T20:24:28 * anvk1 has quit
2016-03-14T20:30:45 * divamgupta__ has quit
2016-03-14T20:34:07 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-14T20:44:12 * michelled has quit
2016-03-14T20:46:31 <Justin_o> ioan_: no problem... you are free to choose whichever project you like best, and if you have time in the future to volunteer on some security work, you\'re welcome to do that too
2016-03-14T20:47:06 <Justin_o> ioan_: you may want to talk cindyli about the uio project when she\'s available
2016-03-14T20:47:40 * clown has quit
2016-03-14T20:48:01 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-14T20:51:28 <ioan_> Justin_o, thanks for the answer. Yes I know cindyli is the one to ask for UIO project
2016-03-14T20:53:20 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-14T20:56:14 * sepidehshahi_ has quit
2016-03-14T20:58:57 * alanharnum_ has quit
2016-03-14T20:59:08 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T21:11:20 * sepidehshahi_ has left the channel
2016-03-14T21:11:26 * ioan_ has quit
2016-03-14T21:15:29 <Justin_o> akshay_: that\'s interesting... you might also want to think of the style of game as the users choice
2016-03-14T21:16:38 * gtirloni has quit
2016-03-14T21:18:55 <akshay_> justin_o: ya there would be several such options, the idea is to make it more generalised.
2016-03-14T21:22:40 <akshay_> I would be giving you a detailed report of the PGA test for first discovery on El Capitan in an hour or two. I\'m doing the ad-hoc testing trying various use cases out.
'

b'2016-03-14T00:10:31 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-14T00:46:28 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-14T04:01:43 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-14T04:48:08 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-14T04:52:48 * yzen has quit
2016-03-14T05:11:57 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-14T05:21:49 * divamgupta joined the channel
2016-03-14T06:08:41 * divamgupta has quit
2016-03-14T06:48:44 * akshay_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T07:28:59 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-14T07:49:42 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-14T07:52:04 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2016-03-14T07:54:34 * [o__o] joined the channel
2016-03-14T07:54:48 * yzen has quit
2016-03-14T08:15:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-14T08:19:08 * divamgupta joined the channel
2016-03-14T08:43:33 * divamgupta has quit
2016-03-14T08:50:30 * divamgupta joined the channel
2016-03-14T08:55:23 * akshay__ joined the channel
2016-03-14T08:57:53 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-14T09:02:10 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-14T09:03:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-14T09:09:36 * akshay_ has quit
2016-03-14T09:10:42 * akshay__ has quit
2016-03-14T09:16:26 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-14T09:17:11 * divamgupta has quit
2016-03-14T09:35:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-14T09:37:33 * divamgupta joined the channel
2016-03-14T10:23:00 * divamgupta has quit
2016-03-14T10:31:45 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-14T10:36:09 * Ng3a joined the channel
2016-03-14T11:12:37 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-14T11:38:35 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-14T11:47:31 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-14T11:51:11 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-14T11:59:23 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-14T12:04:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-14T12:08:53 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-14T12:38:14 <PaliwalSparsh> @gtirloni I was interested in the WebRTC project please can you direct me on what all I need to read to write a proposal .I have already made some contributions to fluid and now need to write a proposal
2016-03-14T12:42:30 <gtirloni> PaliwalSparsh: hello, thanks for your interest. the WebRTC.org website has all the documentation you will need, including code samples and tutorials
2016-03-14T12:44:07 <PaliwalSparsh> @gtirloni Great I will be look it up and have discussion with you about the project.
2016-03-14T12:44:17 * divamgupta_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T12:51:13 * anvk joined the channel
2016-03-14T12:54:53 * PaliwalSparsh1 joined the channel
2016-03-14T12:56:29 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-14T13:03:50 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-14T13:14:23 <Awesome_A> Justin_o: Hi
2016-03-14T13:14:43 <Awesome_A> Justin_o: Happy week start
2016-03-14T13:14:45 <Justin_o> Awesome_A: hello
2016-03-14T13:14:48 <Justin_o> thanks, you too
2016-03-14T13:14:57 <Awesome_A> tahnks
2016-03-14T13:15:01 <Awesome_A> thanks
2016-03-14T13:15:19 <Awesome_A> How do I a get the CLA
2016-03-14T13:15:36 <Awesome_A> How do I a get the CLA?
2016-03-14T13:16:12 <Justin_o> Awesome_A: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Fluid+Licensing
2016-03-14T13:16:38 <Justin_o> You\'d use the individual contributor CLA
2016-03-14T13:16:59 <Awesome_A> ok
2016-03-14T13:17:46 <Awesome_A> I created an issue recently and I could not assign it to myself
2016-03-14T13:17:58 <Awesome_A> I worked on it and made a pull request
2016-03-14T13:20:41 <Justin_o> Awesome_A: great thanks for doing that... we\'ll try to take a look at the pull request
2016-03-14T13:21:16 <Awesome_A> ok
2016-03-14T13:21:58 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-14T13:24:05 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-03-14T13:26:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-14T13:28:15 <Justin_o> Awesome_A: also, please send us the CLA as soon as you have it filled out too.. thanks
2016-03-14T13:29:10 <Awesome_A> please the email I have to send to
2016-03-14T13:29:14 * yzen_ has quit
2016-03-14T13:34:13 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T13:34:22 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T13:35:45 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
2016-03-14T13:37:49 * PaliwalSparsh1 joined the channel
2016-03-14T13:47:17 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-14T13:47:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-14T13:53:56 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-03-14T13:54:29 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-14T13:55:01 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T13:59:35 <avtar> alanharn_, alanharnum
2016-03-14T13:59:41 <avtar> oops
2016-03-14T13:59:42 <avtar> hi
2016-03-14T13:59:54 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum_
2016-03-14T13:59:56 <alanharnum_> hello
2016-03-14T14:00:17 <avtar> are you free to chit chat at some point today?
2016-03-14T14:00:49 <alanharnum_> yeah this aft after design crit mebbe?
2016-03-14T14:02:23 <avtar> sounds good
2016-03-14T14:09:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-14T14:09:41 <PaliwalSparsh1> @Justin_o I was making the decision of how to implement the game of preference discovery. This is a mockup to show what I mean.
2016-03-14T14:10:00 <PaliwalSparsh1> https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3GzDUy0ulh-c2FaNzFrcUo4LUE/view?usp=sharing
2016-03-14T14:10:11 <PaliwalSparsh1> the only way that I was able to come up with was to make a preference editor that includes all the required  preferences, as the person plays through the game preferences are set accordingly and the preferences can also be set using the preference bar on the same page that is made with preference framwork directly, injecting the components made by preference framework into the game would not be possible as all html game engine work over
2016-03-14T14:10:22 <PaliwalSparsh1> canvas, and canvas wont render HTML. This seems to be the most viable way, We would make enactors so as whenever we make changes in preference bar changes are reflected in the game. And when preferences are set in game we would make them also set in preference bar.
2016-03-14T14:12:09 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-14T14:12:19 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-14T14:14:21 <PaliwalSparsh1> @danayo Please can you comment on the UI of the mockup and the game componenets, I have made everything on my own except cat, it was very hard to make a cat :) I will make it when I have some more time....
2016-03-14T14:14:30 <PaliwalSparsh1> @danayo  https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3GzDUy0ulh-c2FaNzFrcUo4LUE/view?usp=sharing
2016-03-14T14:15:02 * bwepngong joined the channel
2016-03-14T14:15:53 <danayo> thanks PaliwalSparsh1, I will take a look today and get back to you
2016-03-14T14:16:26 <PaliwalSparsh1> thanks danayo
2016-03-14T14:16:30 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-14T14:24:43 * PaliwalSparsh4 joined the channel
2016-03-14T14:25:08 * bwepngong has quit
2016-03-14T14:25:09 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-03-14T14:37:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-14T14:42:48 * alanharnum_ has quit
2016-03-14T14:43:23 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh1: hello, i wasn\'t completely following what you were saying about the preferences bar.
2016-03-14T14:44:00 * alanharnum_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T14:45:12 * divamgupta__ joined the channel
2016-03-14T14:46:32 * PaliwalSparsh4 has quit
2016-03-14T14:47:30 * divamgupta_ has quit
2016-03-14T14:47:31 * Ng3a has quit
2016-03-14T15:01:04 <PaliwalSparsh1> @Justin_o Sorry for late reply
2016-03-14T15:01:17 <PaliwalSparsh1> @Justin_o I read that there are 2 ways in which we will use prefEditor
2016-03-14T15:01:17 <PaliwalSparsh1> 1. to add preferenceEditor ie the userInterface to a page so we can edit preferences.
2016-03-14T15:01:17 <PaliwalSparsh1> 2. to add the data to the page so page looks according to our preferences.
2016-03-14T15:01:17 <PaliwalSparsh1> Now as I need to set my preferences in game I would need a Preference editor, so here in the mockup the side bar is the preference editor.
2016-03-14T15:01:44 <PaliwalSparsh1> We would make enactors so as whenever we make changes in preference bar changes are reflected in the game. And when preferences are set in game we would make them also set in preference bar.
2016-03-14T15:03:16 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh1: so you mean the user could either set preferences through the game or through a sidebar?
2016-03-14T15:03:41 <sepidehshahi_> michelled: do you have the floe planning now?
2016-03-14T15:03:58 <danayo> we\'re in fluid standup room sepidehshahi_
2016-03-14T15:04:03 <sepidehshahi_> thanks
2016-03-14T15:04:12 <PaliwalSparsh1> @Justin_o yes
2016-03-14T15:04:45 <Justin_o> danayo: what do you think of PaliwalSparsh1\'s idea?
2016-03-14T15:06:55 <danayo> PaliwalSparsh1, Justion_o: I think that makes sense. One thing to think about is how to first introduce preference setting, so that it\'s not overwhelming.
2016-03-14T15:07:11 <danayo> Seeing the panel right away might be a bit too much, for example
2016-03-14T15:08:02 <PaliwalSparsh1> @danayo we can make it hide then when the main game starts we can make it appear.
2016-03-14T15:10:09 <danayo> yes that\'s one possibility PaliwalSparsh1
2016-03-14T15:10:36 <danayo> and your UI looks good so far PaliwalSparsh1 (the cat too!)
2016-03-14T15:11:09 <PaliwalSparsh1> @danayo Thanks danayo :)
2016-03-14T15:18:28 * amatas_ joined the channel
2016-03-14T15:21:20 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-14T15:23:56 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-14T15:25:48 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
2016-03-14T15:30:22 <PaliwalSparsh> @Justin_o Apologies for asking so many questions. But i was writing proposal and was coming across some problems.
2016-03-14T15:30:39 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: no problem
2016-03-14T15:30:56 <PaliwalSparsh> Please can you tell me In the project description of proposal do I need to write about implementation if I need to then can I write in the same manner as i have told you, is it the way we will implement the interface between game library and preference framework.
2016-03-14T15:34:28 * divamgupta__ has quit
2016-03-14T15:36:39 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: you can talk about the implementation. Make sure when you write that section that you put in enough information that we have a good idea of what you\'re planning to do and how you\'ll accomplish it.
2016-03-14T15:42:51 * divamgupta joined the channel
2016-03-14T15:43:18 <PaliwalSparsh> @Justin_o I will write proposal and will give you and danayo the link.  you can talk about the implementation. Make sure when you write that section that you put in enough information that we have a good idea of what you\'re planning to do and how you\'ll accomplish it.
2016-03-14T15:43:49 <PaliwalSparsh> I will write proposal and will give you and danayo the link. Make sure when you write that section that you put in enough information that we have a good idea of what you\'re planning to do and how you\'ll accomplish it
2016-03-14T15:56:47 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-03-14T16:02:36 * divamgupta has quit
2016-03-14T16:19:52 * Blagoj joined the channel
2016-03-14T16:21:33 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-14T16:23:42 <Blagoj> Hello people, I am Blagoj, and I\'ve recently introduced at Google Summer of Code 2016 with the Fluid Project, I am interested in working on the project Implement User Interface / Learner Options Responsive Design
2016-03-14T16:26:07 * divamgupta joined the channel
2016-03-14T16:27:02 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-14T16:28:46 <Blagoj> I\'ve started working on the shadow bug that is in the issues, I also have some ideas about the project and I think I\'ve found a new bug, actually I am not sure if it is considered as a bug, but it can definitely be made better
2016-03-14T16:29:11 <Justin_o> Blagoj: hello, what is the issue you have found?
2016-03-14T16:32:25 <Blagoj> On the page http://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/demos/uiOptions/ , the side panel is over everything else when you open it, for example if you open the side you cannot see part of the page. Also even when it is not open, the icon for it ( the star
2016-03-14T16:32:37 <Blagoj> the star, is over the top menu when it is open
2016-03-14T16:35:17 <Blagoj> I think that could be made better, like when you click the button "Show display preferences", the content goes down and the panel slides from top. Shouldn\'t that be for the sidebar too?
'

