b"2016-11-09T16:36:27 <kasparnet> I guess it would (should?) fail, because the ports are already in use
2016-11-09T16:36:36 <kasparnet> ... but it should probably fail with a sensible error message
2016-11-09T16:36:42 <kasparnet> which I'm not sure it does right now
2016-11-09T16:37:30 <kavya> ok,Right now it allows us to open multiple instances
2016-11-09T16:38:02 <kasparnet> oh i see... I cant imagine that we actually want to allow that
2016-11-09T16:38:11 <kasparnet> (surprised it's even possible)
2016-11-09T16:38:38 <kavya> Yes, My understanding is it should not allow multiple instances
2016-11-09T16:39:11 <kavya> if try to to tthat..it should actually close the existing one and then open new instance
2016-11-09T16:40:25 <kavya> It is not failing and there is no error message
2016-11-09T16:46:40 <kasparnet> hmm... yeah, I think we can consider that a bug
2016-11-09T16:47:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T16:51:15 * jhernandez has quit
2016-11-09T16:52:29 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-11-09T16:56:51 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-11-09T17:00:57 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T17:11:22 * avtar joined the channel
2016-11-09T17:29:18 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-09T17:38:00 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-09T17:40:05 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-11-09T17:43:34 <Justin_o> alanharn_: is this ready for review? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/782/files
2016-11-09T17:43:44 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-11-09T17:44:14 <alanharnum> Justin_o: yes - it's the change we discussed, so simply alters fixed-width of the slider from 9em to 8.8em
2016-11-09T17:44:36 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks, i'll take a look at it
2016-11-09T17:49:59 * gtirloni has quit
2016-11-09T17:52:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-09T17:53:18 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-11-09T17:59:11 * David123_ joined the channel
2016-11-09T18:01:58 * danayo has quit
2016-11-09T18:05:57 * clown has quit
2016-11-09T18:06:09 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-09T18:12:03 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-09T18:15:19 * michelled has quit
2016-11-09T18:25:16 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-09T18:35:04 * clown joined the channel
2016-11-09T18:39:16 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T18:42:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T18:52:05 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-09T18:56:30 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T18:56:56 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-09T19:01:36 * Kobi joined the channel
2016-11-09T19:10:50 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-09T19:14:24 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-09T19:17:37 <kavya> Kaspernet: Which component does this issue belongs to?
2016-11-09T19:17:59 <kavya> Is that gpii-launcher?
2016-11-09T19:19:31 * clown1 joined the channel
2016-11-09T19:20:15 * clown1 is now known as clown
2016-11-09T19:21:36 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-11-09T19:26:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T19:26:18 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T19:26:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T19:29:08 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T19:29:58 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: At today's community meeting we'll be continuing on watching Douglas Engelbart's demo from 1968 and engaging in a discussion around it.
2016-11-09T19:32:41 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-09T19:36:37 * stegru has quit
2016-11-09T19:57:41 <jhung> Justin_o: the blocker I found for Uploader has been filed here: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6056
2016-11-09T19:58:48 <Bosmon5> gtirloni - I'm unable to make the tests for current windows trunk pass in the vagrant vm
2016-11-09T19:58:59 <Bosmon5> Do we know if they are currently passing CI?
2016-11-09T20:00:29 <Bosmon5> Well, I see it claims they are....
2016-11-09T20:01:12 * stegru joined the channel
2016-11-09T20:02:33 <Bosmon5> However, the output doesn't agree with that which would be produced by current trunk
2016-11-09T20:03:42 <Bosmon5> So I'm a bit puzzled about how this works
2016-11-09T20:03:57 <Bosmon5> Is it correct that we only seem to have automated builds of pull requests?
2016-11-09T20:04:04 <Bosmon5> We don't have anything which actually checks if trunk is good?
2016-11-09T20:04:19 <Bosmon5> https://ci.gpii.net/job/windows-tests/
2016-11-09T20:04:23 <Bosmon5> amatas ^
2016-11-09T20:05:04 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-09T20:06:55 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-09T20:29:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T20:38:53 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T20:48:16 <gtirloni> Bosmon5, correct, only PR's
2016-11-09T20:48:26 <gtirloni> Bosmon5, you can run it locally though
2016-11-09T20:50:09 * gtirloni has quit
2016-11-09T20:55:01 * simonjb has quit
2016-11-09T20:58:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T21:01:02 * clown has quit
2016-11-09T21:01:34 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-11-09T21:02:21 * clown joined the channel
2016-11-09T21:03:01 * clown has quit
2016-11-09T21:04:05 * clown joined the channel
2016-11-09T21:06:42 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T21:07:18 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-09T21:07:45 * danayo has quit
2016-11-09T21:10:51 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-09T21:14:55 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: jhung uncovered another blocker for the release. https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6056 Please hold off on any uploader testing for the time being.
2016-11-09T21:25:13 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-09T21:37:01 * simonjb has quit
2016-11-09T21:45:01 * avtar has quit
2016-11-09T22:03:53 * jhernandez has quit
2016-11-09T22:04:09 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-11-09T22:04:36 * jhung has quit
2016-11-09T22:04:42 * clown has quit
2016-11-09T22:11:49 * amatas has quit
2016-11-09T22:22:13 * stegru has quit
2016-11-09T22:22:26 * avtar joined the channel
2016-11-09T22:24:03 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-09T22:28:15 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-11-09T23:00:25 * Kobi has quit
2016-11-09T23:06:01 * David123_ has quit
2016-11-09T23:16:57 * michelled has quit
2016-11-09T23:17:24 * Jess_ has quit
2016-11-09T23:28:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T23:50:19 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-09T23:54:51 * yzen_ has quit
"

b'2016-11-09T00:03:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T00:17:01 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-11-09T00:29:32 * avtar has quit
2016-11-09T00:48:51 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-09T01:27:26 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-09T01:27:32 * danayo has quit
2016-11-09T02:06:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T02:07:43 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-09T02:12:56 * yzen has quit
2016-11-09T03:07:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T03:12:12 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T03:20:05 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2016-11-09T03:22:57 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-11-09T03:34:16 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-09T04:17:02 * michelled has quit
2016-11-09T04:47:41 * Bosmon8 has quit
2016-11-09T05:09:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T05:50:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-09T06:09:37 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-09T06:11:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T06:14:06 * yzen has quit
2016-11-09T06:16:28 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T06:45:23 * amatas joined the channel
2016-11-09T07:13:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T07:18:12 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T07:22:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-09T07:55:02 * stegru joined the channel
2016-11-09T09:15:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T09:32:58 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-09T09:42:10 <gtirloni> amatas: hi, just created this PR but i\'m not completely sure it\'s correct. could you review it when you get some spare time? https://github.com/amatas/vagrant-vmenv/pull/1
2016-11-09T10:11:21 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-09T10:15:52 * yzen has quit
2016-11-09T10:17:58 <amatas> gtirloni, sure
2016-11-09T10:20:35 <amatas> let me test it, I think that something very similar to your PR can be used by now. The only concern that I have is that this workaround is only applicable to nodejs applications, and the vagrant-vmenv supports other types that don\'t need the node_modules directory.
2016-11-09T10:23:08 * jhernandez has quit
2016-11-09T10:59:05 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-11-09T11:17:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T11:22:17 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T11:24:32 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-11-09T11:45:00 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-11-09T12:32:30 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-09T13:06:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T13:19:41 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-09T13:19:50 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-09T13:24:45 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-11-09T13:40:48 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-11-09T13:59:24 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-09T14:04:48 * michelled has quit
2016-11-09T14:12:23 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-11-09T14:16:47 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-09T14:21:51 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-09T14:23:51 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-09T14:26:27 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-11-09T14:30:17 * avtar joined the channel
2016-11-09T14:33:05 * danayo has quit
2016-11-09T14:39:23 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T14:57:20 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-09T14:57:20 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-11-09T15:01:18 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-09T15:09:50 * clown joined the channel
2016-11-09T15:21:34 * kavya joined the channel
2016-11-09T15:23:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-09T15:23:02 <simonjb> cindyli: do you know if we have functions in infusion for comparing arrays or objects?
2016-11-09T15:23:25 <cindyli> checking..
2016-11-09T15:23:31 <simonjb> thanks
2016-11-09T15:24:07 <cindyli> simonjb: fluid.model.diff
2016-11-09T15:25:15 <simonjb> thanks cindyli
2016-11-09T15:25:48 <cindyli> np. i\'m pretty sure it handles objects but not sure how well it compares arrays
2016-11-09T15:39:22 <Justin_o> michelled: any thoughts on the severity of this issue https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6053
2016-11-09T15:39:44 <Justin_o> i\'m leaning towards major and not making it a blocker for the release, but i could also be convinced that it makes things look broken
2016-11-09T15:45:30 <michelled> I think you\'re right that it makes things look broken
2016-11-09T15:45:43 <michelled> is it a big fix, Justin_o?
2016-11-09T15:46:21 <Justin_o> alanharnum: ^
2016-11-09T15:46:31 <alanharnum> Justin_o: I can have a look - I suspect it might be a quick fix
2016-11-09T15:46:37 <alanharnum> let me see what I can do before standup?
2016-11-09T15:46:50 <alanharnum> can give a better assessment of complexity of a fix at that point (or, hopefully, have it fixed)
2016-11-09T15:46:51 <Justin_o> alanharnum: yes, please let us know and we\'ll decide on it\'s status after
2016-11-09T15:58:30 <alanharnum> Justin_o: OK, I think this is pretty easy to fix
2016-11-09T15:58:37 <Justin_o> alanharnum: that\'s good
2016-11-09T15:58:55 <alanharnum> i think the easiest is to simply remove the fixed width of the slider when it\'s native
2016-11-09T15:59:11 <alanharnum> there\'s a shared "width: 9em" style between the jQuery UI slider and the native one
2016-11-09T15:59:28 <alanharnum> removing it from the native lets the width flex to accomodate increased input sizes, etc
2016-11-09T16:00:07 <Justin_o> alanharnum: would that mean that it doesn\'t increase in size?
2016-11-09T16:00:25 <Justin_o> alanharnum: considering that it\'s supposed to make inputs larger, it probably should still increase in size as well
2016-11-09T16:00:35 <alanharnum> Justin_o: doesn\'t seem like it - I\'ll make sure it doesn\'t have a side effect like that
2016-11-09T16:00:48 <Justin_o> alanharnum: cool thanks
2016-11-09T16:01:03 <alanharnum> it\'s possibly also that width needs to be somewhere else for the native input - the jQuery UI is quite different structurally from it
2016-11-09T16:01:15 <alanharnum> but i don\'t think this is a hard fix after a quick look
2016-11-09T16:01:53 <Justin_o> alanharnum: okay, hopefully it goes well
2016-11-09T16:02:33 <michelled> kavya: I\'m curious about GPII-2119. Isn\'t it a duplicate of GPII-1596?
2016-11-09T16:05:04 <kavya> Hi Michelle
2016-11-09T16:05:20 <michelled> hi :)
2016-11-09T16:05:48 <kavya> :)
2016-11-09T16:06:06 <kavya> 2119 is the JIRA to track progress of 1596
2016-11-09T16:06:27 <michelled> couldn\'t we just use 1596 to track its own progress?
2016-11-09T16:06:30 <michelled> I think having duplicate JIRAs is confusing
2016-11-09T16:06:55 <kavya> Yes
2016-11-09T16:07:25 <michelled> so, shall I close GPII-2119?
2016-11-09T16:08:35 <kavya> can i  reassign JIRA to me and  track?
2016-11-09T16:08:47 <kavya> There are many subtasks in 2119
2016-11-09T16:08:57 <kavya> 1595*
2016-11-09T16:09:09 <kavya> 1596*
2016-11-09T16:09:12 <michelled> the subtasks help with the tracking, don\'t you think?
2016-11-09T16:09:22 <michelled> since 1596 is really an umbrella of tasks
2016-11-09T16:09:32 <michelled> so the subtasks give you a better sense of where it\'s all at
2016-11-09T16:11:59 <michelled> kavya: duplicating the information in another JIRA will cause extra work and confusion for lots of people
2016-11-09T16:12:01 <kavya> The purpose 2119 is to follow the process points sent by Sandra
2016-11-09T16:12:13 <michelled> what are the process points?
2016-11-09T16:12:30 <michelled> the combination of JIRA and github give us lots of tools for tracking information
2016-11-09T16:12:32 <kavya> If we can acheive that using the same JIRA 1596,then we can close 2119
2016-11-09T16:12:42 <michelled> if we can use those tools, then we get a lot of things for free
2016-11-09T16:13:21 <michelled> the biggest one is better cross project communication :)
2016-11-09T16:13:31 <michelled> so, do you have those process points? what are they?
2016-11-09T16:13:47 <kavya> Sandra has sent a mail to the team, Process to handle the Test Blockers
2016-11-09T16:14:19 <michelled> ok, I\'m looking at it now
2016-11-09T16:14:25 <kavya> ok
2016-11-09T16:14:25 <michelled> 1. After opening the JIRA ticket, she will mark the severity as Blocker.
2016-11-09T16:14:40 <michelled> if there is a jIRA that already exists, you can just change the severity to Blocker
2016-11-09T16:14:54 <michelled> 2. Ensure Fix Version = APCP Core 1, or whatever the appropriate version is going forward.
2016-11-09T16:14:57 * avtar has quit
2016-11-09T16:14:58 <michelled> same thing with fix version
2016-11-09T16:15:13 <kavya> yes
2016-11-09T16:15:16 <michelled> - Once debugging is completed, and a fix is determined, the owner enters the estimated date to submit PR in the Due Date field.
2016-11-09T16:15:29 <michelled> we aren\'t in the habit of putting in estimates, we\'ll need to remind people
2016-11-09T16:15:38 <michelled> let\'s do that at the weekly arch meeting
2016-11-09T16:15:50 <kavya> ok
2016-11-09T16:15:52 <michelled> - The owner updates the status plans and outlook by end-of-day on Tuesdays. I will remind you.
2016-11-09T16:16:11 <michelled> again, can happen on the existing JIRA
2016-11-09T16:16:28 <michelled> seems like we are all good :)
2016-11-09T16:16:59 <michelled> what do you think kavya?
2016-11-09T16:18:02 <kavya> Yes,If we can have everything on same JIRA then we don\'t need another one to track it
2016-11-09T16:18:13 <michelled> yes, that will make everything more clear
2016-11-09T16:20:15 <michelled> kavya: I\'ve closed 2119 and marked it as a duplicate. I also updated 1596 to make it a \'Blocker\' for \'APCP Core 2\'
2016-11-09T16:20:27 <michelled> kavya: please make sure you set the Fix Version for things that you track
2016-11-09T16:20:39 <kavya> Yes, I just checked
2016-11-09T16:20:43 <michelled> then they will be automatically put into the reports that Sandra is planning to run
2016-11-09T16:22:48 <kavya> ok,I will do that. Thanks
2016-11-09T16:26:22 <kasparnet> kavya, michelled: just caught up on the the chat - and agree with the approach you\'ve come up with
2016-11-09T16:26:37 <michelled> great :)
2016-11-09T16:26:47 <kasparnet> pinging to remind that one can "watch" a JIRA (top right corner of open JIRA)
2016-11-09T16:26:58 <kasparnet> and you\'ll get notifications whenever anything happens to that JIRA
2016-11-09T16:27:02 <michelled> ah, great point! I always forget about that
2016-11-09T16:27:37 <kasparnet> ... which is quite useful - in particular for you (kavya) and sandra - who have a lot of JIRAs to keep track of
2016-11-09T16:28:25 <kavya> Yes, Kasper we are right now tracking JIRA\'s using this
2016-11-09T16:28:47 <kavya> it sends us email when someone comments or if there are any updates on JIRA
2016-11-09T16:29:09 <kavya> very helpful..
2016-11-09T16:30:34 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-09T16:35:52 <kavya> Hi,I wanted to know
2016-11-09T16:35:58 <kavya> What is the expected Behavior of GPII when we try to open multiple instances?
2016-11-09T16:36:13 <kasparnet> that\'s a good question
'

