b'2016-10-03T18:02:59 <Justin_o> alanharnum, colinclark ^
2016-10-03T18:03:09 <Bosmon7> Wait
2016-10-03T18:03:18 <Bosmon7> ouchdb is at 3pm MY time
2016-10-03T18:03:25 <colinclark> yes
2016-10-03T18:03:27 <colinclark> 9 am EDT
2016-10-03T18:03:33 <colinclark> or 10 or whatever
2016-10-03T18:03:35 <colinclark> sorry :)
2016-10-03T18:03:37 <Bosmon7> Ok, I had a 12-hour ambiguity :)
2016-10-03T18:03:46 <colinclark> ha
2016-10-03T18:03:56 <Bosmon7> Right let\'s go with the original plan for a 12 noon meeting
2016-10-03T18:04:00 <Bosmon7> And then I can get off ater that
2016-10-03T18:04:07 <danayo> jhung michelled - if we could do it later (after crit?) that would be grand
2016-10-03T18:04:08 <colinclark> So that\'s 5 pm BST, right?
2016-10-03T18:04:13 <Bosmon7> yes
2016-10-03T18:04:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: okay, 12pm again
2016-10-03T18:04:19 <colinclark> ok
2016-10-03T18:04:20 <Bosmon7> Very soon we\'ll be in that REGIME
2016-10-03T18:04:21 <Justin_o> alanharnum, colinclark ^
2016-10-03T18:04:22 <colinclark> i\'ve put it in the calendar
2016-10-03T18:04:24 <Bosmon7> Where the time difference is only 4 hours
2016-10-03T18:04:30 <colinclark> oh yes
2016-10-03T18:04:37 <colinclark> that ephemeral regime
2016-10-03T18:04:43 <colinclark> when do you switch, Bosmon7?
2016-10-03T18:04:44 <michelled> danayo, jhung: after the crit works for me
2016-10-03T18:04:54 * danayo has quit
2016-10-03T18:05:36 <jhung> danayo, michelled that works. I have PhET at 2p.
2016-10-03T18:07:40 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-03T18:09:09 * gtirloni has quit
2016-10-03T18:13:35 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-03T18:13:52 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-03T18:14:36 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-03T18:15:37 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-03T18:23:43 * stegru has quit
2016-10-03T18:25:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-03T18:37:41 <Justin_o> simonjb: would you be able to review some more PRs?
2016-10-03T18:38:04 <simonjb> sure Justin_o
2016-10-03T18:38:17 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks, i\'ll assign a couple to you
2016-10-03T18:39:15 <Justin_o> simonjb: here\'s the list of Infusion PRs assigned to you now https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A%22Infusion+2.0+Release%22+assignee%3Asimonbates
2016-10-03T19:01:06 <michelled> Bosmon7: are you around?
2016-10-03T19:02:33 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-03T19:03:34 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please take a quick look at this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/jquery.selectbox/pull/1
2016-10-03T19:04:32 <cindyli> ok
2016-10-03T19:05:26 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks, it\'s in a fork of the jquery plugin that i had to make, pretty small change
2016-10-03T19:08:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-03T19:13:45 <cindyli> Justin_o: this plugin is forked because it\'s no longer maintained?
2016-10-03T19:14:41 <cindyli> if so, wonder if we could switch to use another selectbox plugin? there seem to be a few out there
2016-10-03T19:14:45 <Justin_o> cindyli: yep, and maybe no longer online
2016-10-03T19:15:03 <Justin_o> cindyli: that might be a better long term solution but this was the quick fix
2016-10-03T19:15:21 <cindyli> a temporary fix for 2.0 release?
2016-10-03T19:15:26 <cindyli> Justin_o: ^
2016-10-03T19:15:57 <simonjb> avtar: I\'m getting an error doing vagrant up on gpii/windows: \'c:\\vagrant\\listeners\\listeners.sln.metaproj : error MSB4126: The specified solution configuration "Release|X86" is invalid.\'
2016-10-03T19:16:08 <simonjb> I was wondering if you\'d seen that before?
2016-10-03T19:16:23 <simonjb> I thought I\'d check with you before I dig too deeply
2016-10-03T19:19:21 <Justin_o> cindyli: well yes and no... at least until we have cycles to put more time into dropdown inline edit
2016-10-03T19:19:31 <Justin_o> it\'s never been an officially supported component
2016-10-03T19:19:40 <cindyli> ok
2016-10-03T19:20:41 <avtar> simonjb: looks like it\'s happening on hosted ci as well
2016-10-03T19:20:54 <avtar> https://ci.gpii.net/job/create-windows-vm/54/console
2016-10-03T19:21:59 <simonjb> ah
2016-10-03T19:22:07 <avtar> unfortunately the build script doesn\'t return accurate exit codes so we don\'t catch these types of issues early enough https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1993
2016-10-03T19:22:30 <simonjb> darn
2016-10-03T19:22:56 <simonjb> "Build FAILED." -> Finshed: SUCCESS :(
2016-10-03T19:24:37 * Yan_Hu1 has quit
2016-10-03T19:28:05 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks for th emerge
2016-10-03T19:28:10 <cindyli> no problem
2016-10-03T19:29:49 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-03T19:30:20 <avtar> simonjb: just to log our offline conversation, this could be an interim workaround http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13859311/is-there-a-set-e-for-a-dos-batch-script until GPII-1993
2016-10-03T19:35:48 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-03T19:35:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-03T19:37:51 <danayo> hello colinclark i am here now and can meet anytime
2016-10-03T19:38:26 <colinclark> DANAYO!
2016-10-03T19:38:42 <colinclark> no problem, do you mind just giving me five minutes?
2016-10-03T19:38:46 <colinclark> i just got a phone call
2016-10-03T19:38:59 <danayo> no rush at all
2016-10-03T19:39:07 <danayo> colinclark ^
2016-10-03T19:39:17 <danayo> it will give me time to eat :)
2016-10-03T19:48:49 <Justin_o> cindyli: one more for you https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/759
2016-10-03T19:49:06 <cindyli> ok
2016-10-03T19:54:41 <colinclark> danayo: Ok, I\'m all set if you\'ve had a chance to eat
2016-10-03T19:57:20 <danayo> ok colinclark!
2016-10-03T19:57:50 <danayo> how about my room?
2016-10-03T19:58:05 <colinclark> ok!
2016-10-03T20:05:49 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-03T20:09:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-03T20:16:34 <cindyli> Justin_o: can you show me how to produce this issue - https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5974
2016-10-03T20:17:16 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, you need to use the keyboard to interact with dropdown inline edit
2016-10-03T20:18:36 <Bosmon7> Hi michelled
2016-10-03T20:19:10 <michelled> hi Bosmon7, we were doing some planning today at the IDRC and there were a few pull requests mentioned.
2016-10-03T20:19:22 <michelled> you probably already know about them, but I just wanted to make sure
2016-10-03T20:19:33 <michelled> https://github.com/teco-kit/p4a-sensorAPI/pull/1
2016-10-03T20:19:33 <michelled> https://github.com/GPII/nexus/pull/5
2016-10-03T20:19:33 <michelled> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464
2016-10-03T20:20:34 <michelled> let me know if you\'d like me to  find someone else to review them
2016-10-03T20:21:54 <Bosmon7> Yes, michelled - do you know of anyone?
2016-10-03T20:23:08 <michelled> I think there were several people working on the couch/pouch work - perhaps one of the others could review that one?
2016-10-03T20:23:44 <michelled> and I know cindyli has not been involved in the Nexus, but maybe she could review the pulls for it is simonjb talks her through them
2016-10-03T20:24:29 <michelled> simonjb: were you involved in the couch/pouch work?
2016-10-03T20:24:37 <cindyli> Bosmon7: could you review my ouchdb pull request when you have a chance: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464
2016-10-03T20:26:47 <simonjb> cindyli, michelled: yes, I was involved in the couch work nearer the beginning and the pull includes some of my commits
2016-10-03T20:27:14 <cindyli> ah, u guys are talking about the couchdb pull too. cool. didn\'t noticed
2016-10-03T20:27:51 <michelled> simonjb, cindyli: do you think the two of you could review it? cindyli looking at the work that simonjb did?
2016-10-03T20:29:34 <simonjb> michelled: the https://github.com/teco-kit/p4a-sensorAPI/pull/1 is not our project to review
2016-10-03T20:30:01 <michelled> ah, thx simonjb
2016-10-03T20:31:47 <cindyli> simonjb: the nexus pull is the documenation. is it connected with https://github.com/teco-kit/p4a-sensorAPI/pull/1
2016-10-03T20:32:21 <simonjb> cindyli: no, it\'s connected with https://github.com/asterics/AsTeRICS/pull/130
2016-10-03T20:33:32 <simonjb> cindyli, michelled: and there\'s also the really small https://github.com/GPII/nexus/pull/6
2016-10-03T20:34:20 <cindyli> simonjb: does it make more sense for the reviewer on the asterics pull to review that doc pull too?
2016-10-03T20:34:46 <simonjb> cindyli: no, the pull to asterics includes its own doc
2016-10-03T20:35:15 <simonjb> this one is for us
2016-10-03T20:35:46 <simonjb> cindyli: https://github.com/asterics/AsTeRICS/pull/130/files#diff-93305eae5804893438f9c48f29936184
2016-10-03T20:35:52 <cindyli> ok. i can certainly look at that doc pull but i guess i will need more knowledge and understanding on nexus to provide useful feedback
2016-10-03T20:36:42 <cindyli> i can certainly review the one for eslint
2016-10-03T20:36:51 <simonjb> great, thanks cindyli
2016-10-03T20:37:22 <cindyli> no problem
2016-10-03T20:38:15 * cindyli has quit
2016-10-03T20:43:08 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-03T20:47:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-03T20:49:54 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-10-03T20:49:59 * michelled has quit
2016-10-03T20:51:05 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-10-03T20:52:02 <simonjb> Bosmon7: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/463#issuecomment-251223102
2016-10-03T20:57:43 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-03T20:57:46 <colinclark> Justin_o: I think it\'s worth linking to the Gist where you originally sourced the selectbox plugin from (assuming that\'s where you got it)
2016-10-03T20:58:12 <colinclark> and can you update the LICENSE to credit the developer who wrote it? (Sadri Sahraoui, I think?)
2016-10-03T21:01:51 * simonjb has quit
2016-10-03T21:06:26 * jhung has quit
2016-10-03T21:06:56 * clown has quit
2016-10-03T21:31:53 * amatas has quit
2016-10-03T21:57:27 * Jess_ has quit
2016-10-03T22:05:37 <colinclark> Hey Bosmon7, is this line of code in Infusion logging at the right level, do you think? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/FluidIoC.js#L1625
2016-10-03T22:09:03 <colinclark> Also, I wonder if this should always be logged? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/module/fluid.js#L53
2016-10-03T22:15:55 * colinclark has quit
'

b'2016-10-03T01:16:13 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-03T02:19:54 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-03T02:53:46 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2016-10-03T07:37:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-10-03T07:46:36 * stegru joined the channel
2016-10-03T11:16:41 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-10-03T11:18:52 * amatas joined the channel
2016-10-03T11:59:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-03T12:25:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-10-03T12:27:44 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-10-03T12:28:22 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-03T12:38:53 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-03T12:45:52 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-03T12:56:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-03T12:59:43 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-03T13:14:51 * jhung joined the channel
2016-10-03T13:15:50 * kavya joined the channel
2016-10-03T13:27:04 * yzen joined the channel
2016-10-03T13:28:09 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-03T13:30:14 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-10-03T13:34:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-03T13:35:43 * yzen_ has quit
2016-10-03T13:53:19 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-03T13:55:57 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-03T13:56:44 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-10-03T14:07:59 <danayo> goodmorning alanharnum, lliskovoi - I don\'t have anything new to discuss at the dashboard meeting - haven\'t had a chance to work on the simple mockup. anything you think we should discuss today? or should we skip it?
2016-10-03T14:08:18 <alanharnum> danayo: I\'m fine to skip it - I don\'t have anything to update.
2016-10-03T14:09:39 <lliskovoi> danayo: I\'m also fine to skip it
2016-10-03T14:10:22 <danayo> ok alanharnum, lliskovoi, I\'ll let neeta know (forgot to mention that she missed last week as she was stuck in an aiport waiting on a flight)
2016-10-03T14:10:40 <lliskovoi> ok, thanks danayo
2016-10-03T14:11:08 * simonjb has quit
2016-10-03T14:13:18 <danayo> alanharnum: are you waiting on me for the mockup or do you still have other dashboardy work to do? or maybe both?
2016-10-03T14:13:48 <alanharnum> danayo: I\'m not waiting on you - I\'ve got plenty to do on both the dashboard & other stuff :)
2016-10-03T14:14:02 <danayo> ok great alanharnum
2016-10-03T14:17:33 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-03T14:17:58 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2016-10-03T14:20:03 <cindyli> Bosmon2: Bosmon7, can you review my pull request https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464 when you have time? thanks
2016-10-03T14:43:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-03T14:48:18 <michelled> danayo: is there a myl3 meeting now?
2016-10-03T14:48:21 * jhung_away has quit
2016-10-03T14:48:52 <danayo> michelled, colinclark: alanharnum, lliskovoi and I checked in and decided we didn\'t have anything new to discuss
2016-10-03T14:49:34 <danayo> i\'m going to send out my notes from last week (and post to wiki also)
2016-10-03T14:49:34 <michelled> ah, ok
2016-10-03T14:50:57 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-03T14:53:19 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-10-03T14:53:23 <colinclark> danayo: ok!
2016-10-03T14:54:22 <Justin_o> colinclark: hello, just wanted to pickup this conversation again. https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-work/2016-09-30/?msg=74003135&page=1
2016-10-03T14:57:41 <colinclark> ok, Justin_o, what\'s up?
2016-10-03T15:02:07 <Justin_o> colinclark: i don\'t think we finished up our chat about what to do with the select box dependency
2016-10-03T15:02:15 <Justin_o> colinclark: i wasn\'t able to find any existing repo for it
2016-10-03T15:03:43 * jhung joined the channel
2016-10-03T15:03:58 <Justin_o> and it does seem that just changing size() to length would work
2016-10-03T15:06:48 <colinclark> Can you make a repository for it, and apply your change there?
2016-10-03T15:15:35 * Yan_Hu has left the channel
2016-10-03T15:19:49 <Bosmon7> Hey there alanharnum - I have some slightly obscene code for you to look at :)
2016-10-03T15:20:21 <alanharnum> Bosmon7: i suppose turnabout is only fair
2016-10-03T15:20:28 <colinclark> ha!
2016-10-03T15:21:07 <colinclark> Justin_o: Did you see my earlier note? It seems like it might make sense to make a fluid org repo for the plugin we\'re using and make your changes against it as usual. What do you think?
2016-10-03T15:22:15 <Bosmon7> https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/pull/16
2016-10-03T15:22:23 <Justin_o> colinclark: sorry, forgot to hit "enter" in the IRC chat. Working on that now. I\'ll just copy over the original code from what\'s in our repo now.
2016-10-03T15:22:50 <colinclark> perfect!
2016-10-03T15:23:38 <colinclark> Bosmon7: Can you break down the motivation for this pull request for me? I saw it yesterday but would love to hear you describe what\'s going on here :)
2016-10-03T15:24:09 <Bosmon7> colinclark - so we are faced with a number of pretty miraculous phenomena
2016-10-03T15:24:31 <Bosmon7> The first, is my discovery that the npm modules which represent grunt plugins ARE NOT NODE MODULES
2016-10-03T15:24:49 <Bosmon7> That is, they are simply not loadable by node via the standard means of issuing require("....") for them
2016-10-03T15:25:05 <Bosmon7> This goes hand in hand with the fact that they are not loaded by anything resembling the standard node resolution algorithm
2016-10-03T15:25:05 <colinclark> ouch
2016-10-03T15:25:27 <Bosmon7> The moronic grunt developer in the thread I link in the comment defends the fact that they are, and always will be, loaded in a "very special way"
2016-10-03T15:26:05 <Bosmon7> This very special way involves looking for the physical path at which Gruntfile.js is held, and then looking for the directory named "node_modules" within it, and then manually appending the fixed string "tasks" to that path
2016-10-03T15:26:10 <Bosmon7> THIS IS HOW IT WORKS
2016-10-03T15:26:25 <Bosmon7> Which, as you will appreciate, totally forbids the use of grunt by anything other than a top-level project
2016-10-03T15:26:45 <Bosmon7> And in particular, makes the use of grunt as invoked from an npm postInstall script completely impossible
2016-10-03T15:27:04 <Bosmon7> Ordinarily the community papers over this fact by assigning all grunt-related dependencies to devDependencies
2016-10-03T15:27:14 <Bosmon7> So they are not even resolved for nested projects
2016-10-03T15:27:50 <Bosmon7> But alanharnum, I think perfectly reasonably, had written a grunt-based postinstall script to deal with the fact that he wanted to invoke a grunt task on behalf of one of his own dependencies - the infusion grunt build scripts
2016-10-03T15:28:24 <Bosmon7> I guess this forces us to revisit all of this lunacy yet again about "how to modularise Infusion"
2016-10-03T15:29:04 <Bosmon7> But in the meantime we have the slightly obscene code that now forces grunt to be able to find material from any npm module representing a grunt plugin which is resolvable via the standard node module resolution algorithm
2016-10-03T15:29:28 <Bosmon7> I believe that the standard approach for this would have us write a "prepublish" step for infusion that checks in some builds to, say, "dist"
2016-10-03T15:29:45 <Bosmon7> I can\'t remember what we had considered about this, or whether we had indeed considered it
2016-10-03T15:31:05 <alanharnum> Bosmon7: we\'ve discussed a \'dist\' directory previously
2016-10-03T15:33:16 <Bosmon7> alanharnum - and what did we think about it?
2016-10-03T15:43:57 * michelled1 joined the channel
2016-10-03T15:44:41 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-10-03T15:45:34 * Yan_Hu1 joined the channel
2016-10-03T15:46:42 * michelled has quit
2016-10-03T15:48:28 * colinclark_ is now known as colinclark
2016-10-03T15:55:20 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-03T15:59:47 * Yan_Hu1 has left the channel
2016-10-03T16:00:38 * Yan_Hu1 joined the channel
2016-10-03T16:16:08 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-03T16:20:50 <colinclark> Bosmon7: I think that\'s pretty much the standard approach, and something I\'ve done with a few libraries
2016-10-03T16:21:20 * cindyli has quit
2016-10-03T16:21:35 <colinclark> doing the work as a prepublish script avoids the utterly painful need to commit built files to the repository\xe2\x80\x94which I believe is still the standard approach for Bower-based libraries
2016-10-03T16:21:57 <colinclark> the only issue I encountered with this is the fact that "prepublish" is, perhaps unsurprisingly, not run for Git-based dependencies
2016-10-03T16:22:07 <colinclark> it can make developing across multiple libraries quite complex
2016-10-03T16:25:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-03T16:26:28 <alanharnum> Bosmon: I am generally supportive of the idea, looking at how the modern JS ecosystem functions
2016-10-03T16:26:45 <alanharnum> people expecting to be able to get libraries through sources like https://cdnjs.com/, etc
2016-10-03T16:34:15 <alanharnum> new go-to GIF for recursion: https://media.giphy.com/media/MrZTFRJ8F4n6/giphy.gif
2016-10-03T16:38:51 * michelled1 has quit
2016-10-03T16:40:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-03T16:49:26 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-10-03T16:51:17 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-03T16:55:28 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-10-03T16:59:56 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:01:46 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:04:15 * simonjb has quit
2016-10-03T17:04:23 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-10-03T17:05:17 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:05:42 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-03T17:06:32 * michelled has quit
2016-10-03T17:07:34 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:08:15 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:08:17 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-10-03T17:11:47 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-03T17:13:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:18:59 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-03T17:23:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:30:36 * cindyli has quit
2016-10-03T17:45:12 * kavya has quit
2016-10-03T17:49:17 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-03T17:50:12 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:50:19 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-10-03T17:50:29 * simonjb has quit
2016-10-03T17:50:56 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:52:09 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:52:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:53:11 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:55:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:56:04 <Justin_o> colinclark, Bosmon7, alanharnum: when would you like to talk about the Infusion builds
2016-10-03T17:56:20 <colinclark> I\'m likely booked for the rest of today
2016-10-03T17:56:24 <colinclark> What\'s tomorrow looking like?
2016-10-03T17:57:08 <Justin_o> colinclark: tomorrow I\'m free from 9 - 10am and 12 - 2pm ET
2016-10-03T17:57:29 <alanharnum> colinclark Justin_o: 12-2 would work for me; have the rescheduled ouchDB meeting at 9.
2016-10-03T17:58:19 <colinclark> Bosmon7 doesn\'t tend to meet late anymore
2016-10-03T17:58:25 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-03T17:58:32 <colinclark> but if noon EDT works for him (5 pm BST), then maybe that\'s cool?
2016-10-03T17:59:27 <Bosmon7> Yes, I can do that
2016-10-03T18:00:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon7, colinclark, alanharnum: great thanks.. so tomorrow at 12 ET
2016-10-03T18:00:33 <michelled> danayo, jhung: can I join you when you talk about the mobile design cards?
2016-10-03T18:00:40 <Justin_o> i\'ll add it to the fluid calendar
2016-10-03T18:00:55 <danayo> for sure michelled
2016-10-03T18:00:56 <alanharnum> colinclark Bosmon7 Justin_o: 12pm works for me as well
2016-10-03T18:01:46 <Justin_o> alanharnum: great thanks
2016-10-03T18:01:48 <michelled> danayo, jhung: when would you like to meet?
2016-10-03T18:02:11 <Bosmon7> I can do later than that tomorrow since I\'m going north
2016-10-03T18:02:39 <jhung> tomorrow morning before Design crit works michelled and danayo.
2016-10-03T18:02:44 <Bosmon7> Perhaps the 1pm slot is better since I can get the time to do the drive first
2016-10-03T18:02:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: okay, 1pm - 2pm ET then
2016-10-03T18:02:57 <colinclark> ok, great
'

