b"2016-04-12T16:51:29 * Yan_Hu has left the channel
2016-04-12T16:51:38 <Justin_o> Blagoj: okay
2016-04-12T16:56:00 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-12T17:05:22 * wale has quit
2016-04-12T17:11:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-12T17:16:59 * wale joined the channel
2016-04-12T17:19:08 * Blagoj has quit
2016-04-12T17:37:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-12T17:44:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-12T17:46:38 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-12T17:48:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-12T18:03:17 * Blagoj joined the channel
2016-04-12T18:04:22 <Blagoj> Justin_o: I've just pushed a commit to the issue about the shadow. I've tested it and it is working like it should on my side, you can check it and give me some feedback too. I've fixed the border problem as well. :)
2016-04-12T18:04:44 <Justin_o> Blagoj: thanks, i'll try to take a look at that today
2016-04-12T18:06:02 <Blagoj> Justin_o: Okay, thanks
2016-04-12T18:11:01 * Blagoj has quit
2016-04-12T18:15:30 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-12T18:18:45 * nrda joined the channel
2016-04-12T18:21:53 <nrda> justin_o: for the fluid-4770 issue I worked out couple of things and tested it on edge, firefox ( linux ) and chrome ( linux ). Screenshots for edge https://www.dropbox.com/s/skn5dnaysc4ckzy/screenshot.PNG?dl=0 , firefox  https://www.dropbox.com/s/xsgsffnb5dk979w/firefox.png?dl=0 and chrome is https://www.dropbox.com/s/qnwzwikqlh1izj0/chrome.png?dl=0
2016-04-12T18:22:48 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-04-12T18:23:13 <Justin_o> nrda: the screenshots look okay... did you update the pull request as well?
2016-04-12T18:24:19 <nrda> justin_o: No, I thought I would update it after reviewing the screenshots
2016-04-12T18:30:38 * nrda has quit
2016-04-12T18:37:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-12T18:41:48 * clown joined the channel
2016-04-12T18:51:09 * nrda joined the channel
2016-04-12T18:52:37 <nrda> justin_o: I have updated the pull request
2016-04-12T18:58:21 <wale> cindyli
2016-04-12T18:58:24 <wale> bosmon
2016-04-12T18:58:28 <wale> check this out https://developers.yubico.com/yubico-piv-tool/YubiKey_PIV_introduction.html
2016-04-12T18:59:10 <wale> https://github.com/Yubico/yubico-piv-tool
2016-04-12T18:59:47 <wale> something to take a look at should we decide to implement for level 3
2016-04-12T19:09:40 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-12T19:15:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-04-12T19:15:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-12T19:18:09 <cindyli> sorry, was away from my desk. thanks, wale, will take a look
2016-04-12T19:18:26 <wale> np cindyli
2016-04-12T19:27:16 * jhung joined the channel
2016-04-12T19:58:23 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-12T20:19:24 * alanharnum has quit
2016-04-12T20:22:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-12T20:28:37 * anvk has quit
2016-04-12T20:30:51 * clown joined the channel
2016-04-12T20:38:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-12T20:39:31 * nrda has quit
2016-04-12T20:56:45 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-04-12T21:09:46 * dsharma has quit
2016-04-12T21:17:13 * yzen has quit
2016-04-12T21:24:28 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-04-12T22:08:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-12T22:27:46 * KarenH has quit
2016-04-12T22:31:14 * wale has quit
2016-04-12T22:31:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-12T23:08:02 * Justin_o has quit
2016-04-12T23:45:10 * danayo joined the channel
"

b'2016-04-12T00:28:38 * gloob has quit
2016-04-12T00:29:30 * gloob joined the channel
2016-04-12T01:10:38 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-12T02:05:58 * yzen joined the channel
2016-04-12T02:11:34 * yzen has quit
2016-04-12T03:18:26 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-12T03:18:47 * yzen joined the channel
2016-04-12T03:24:33 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-04-12T03:28:44 * yzen_ has quit
2016-04-12T07:16:23 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-12T08:42:41 * amatas joined the channel
2016-04-12T08:46:22 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-12T08:47:27 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-12T09:57:36 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-12T09:58:13 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-12T10:37:50 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-12T10:49:05 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-12T11:20:29 * gloob has quit
2016-04-12T11:20:55 * gloob joined the channel
2016-04-12T11:25:47 * gloob has quit
2016-04-12T11:38:42 * jhung joined the channel
2016-04-12T11:39:54 * gloob joined the channel
2016-04-12T11:49:39 * wale joined the channel
2016-04-12T11:53:06 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-04-12T11:55:39 * jhung has quit
2016-04-12T12:19:45 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-04-12T12:24:29 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-04-12T12:41:44 * yzen joined the channel
2016-04-12T12:45:47 * Katy_ joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:04:42 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:06:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:14:47 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-04-12T13:15:51 * anvk joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:17:37 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:19:42 * yzen_ has quit
2016-04-12T13:23:27 <PaliwalSparsh> @Justin_o I updated the PR accordingly to what you directed, please review it when you have time.
2016-04-12T13:23:47 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: thanks, will do
2016-04-12T13:23:57 * dsharma joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:26:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:34:36 * yzen joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:34:36 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:38:33 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-04-12T13:50:29 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:57:25 * clown joined the channel
2016-04-12T13:57:55 <Justin_o> clown: could you provide me with your thoughts on this Pull Request thread. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/685#discussion_r59018146
2016-04-12T13:58:15 <clown> Justin_o:  sure \xe2\x80\x94 time frame?
2016-04-12T13:58:59 <clown> and, is there anything specific you wanted me to look at?
2016-04-12T14:01:41 <Justin_o> clown: when you have time, maybe sometime today.. i think it should be quick. Basically it\'s about the use of aria-disabled and descendant elements. In this case, specifically with an <li>  and a <a> tags.
2016-04-12T14:02:20 <Justin_o> clown: and specifically the result that was found with a screen reader https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/685#discussion_r59083398
2016-04-12T14:06:46 <clown> Justin_o:  with respect to the SR, the best I can do is look at the a11y tree, and check for a11y bugs.
2016-04-12T14:07:19 <clown> and, depending on how things go, I might not get to this until late in the day.
2016-04-12T14:08:15 <Justin_o> clown: sure, that\'s fine.. i guess i\'m wondering if we should be able to put aria-disabled on the parent and expect it to disable all of the descendants.
2016-04-12T14:08:34 <Justin_o> that is to say, if the implementation in respect to the web application is correct or not
2016-04-12T14:10:39 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-12T14:11:47 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-04-12T14:17:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-04-12T14:55:33 * KarenH joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:02:11 * jhung joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:06:23 <wale> cindyli, getting a 404 for the Authentication with a USB stick code
2016-04-12T15:06:36 <wale> on git that is
2016-04-12T15:06:45 <wale> trying to look at the code
2016-04-12T15:07:50 <cindyli> wale: can you elaborate on what you did that gave a 404
2016-04-12T15:08:34 <wale> get an error page when I click on this link in wiki
2016-04-12T15:08:35 <wale> All notes below are valid for the current version of the USB authentication prototype that can be found in the GPII git repository. All notes are based on a Fedora 16 with Gnome 3.2.2.1 setup.
2016-04-12T15:08:44 <wale> GPII git repository
2016-04-12T15:09:55 <cindyli> wale: can you paste the link to the wiki page. also tell me which link you clicked
2016-04-12T15:10:11 <wale> this link seems to work though FurtherInfo:\tGPII git repository, Contact {a link or mail address needed}
2016-04-12T15:10:22 <cindyli> i guess the link u meant is "GPII git repository"
2016-04-12T15:10:25 <wale> https://github.com/GPII/GPIIStack/
2016-04-12T15:11:13 <cindyli> Bosmon: any idea of the GPII repo above ^
2016-04-12T15:11:26 <cindyli> a staled repo?
2016-04-12T15:11:50 <Bosmon> Looks like a misprint to me
2016-04-12T15:11:53 <Bosmon> Such a repo has never existed
2016-04-12T15:12:00 <Bosmon> Where is there such a link?
2016-04-12T15:12:19 <cindyli> wale: can you paste the link of the wiki page that refers to this repo?
2016-04-12T15:12:57 <wale> https://wiki.gpii.net/w/User_Listener
2016-04-12T15:13:42 <Bosmon> Thanks, wale
2016-04-12T15:13:42 <cindyli> thanks, wale
2016-04-12T15:14:19 <cindyli> Bosmon: the link is in the first paragraph of the section "Authentication with a USB stick"
2016-04-12T15:17:33 <Bosmon> Looks like this link was put in by Boyan in the very first revision of this page
2016-04-12T15:17:41 <Bosmon> From Feb 2012
2016-04-12T15:18:05 <Bosmon> It\'s highly unlikely that any of the page contents are accurate
2016-04-12T15:19:06 <clown> Justin_o:  I just noticed something you said above:  "i guess i\'m wondering if we should be able to put aria-disabled on the parent and expect it to disable all of the descendants."
2016-04-12T15:19:39 <clown> do you mean that you expect putting aria-disabled on an element actually does something?
2016-04-12T15:19:42 <Bosmon> Any accurate and up to date info we have on this will be in the respective repositories
2016-04-12T15:19:44 <Bosmon> Such as https://github.com/GPII/linux/tree/master/usbDriveListener
2016-04-12T15:19:54 <Bosmon> We can ask kaspermarkus about this when he gets in
2016-04-12T15:19:58 <cindyli> wale: ^
2016-04-12T15:20:01 <wale> ok .. thanks
2016-04-12T15:20:30 <clown> Justin_o:  all aria-disabled "does" is describe what the author has scripted/styled.  By itself, it doesn\'t disable anything.
2016-04-12T15:20:40 <Bosmon> Also: https://github.com/GPII/windows/tree/master/listeners
2016-04-12T15:20:46 <wale> was looking for repo that describes the user authentication as discussed in yesterdays meeting
2016-04-12T15:21:13 <Justin_o> clown: well only in terms of how it should be indicated by an AT, we are ignoring the inputs to it when it is "disabled" and manually greying it out
2016-04-12T15:21:51 <clown> okay, but is the control actually disabled?
2016-04-12T15:22:49 <clown> and, what kind of control is it?  The discussion suggests it\'s a link.  Am I reading that right?
2016-04-12T15:23:30 <Justin_o> clown: yes, link and yes it\'s disabled in that it\'s styled to be disabled and doesn\'t trigger any actions
2016-04-12T15:24:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:24:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:25:10 * clown is trying to recall how one disables a link
2016-04-12T15:26:11 <Bosmon> Hi wale - you can find some notes on securing this interaction here:
2016-04-12T15:26:13 <Bosmon> https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Security_and_Privacy#User_Accounts_and_Authentication
2016-04-12T15:26:18 <Bosmon> https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Architecture_Ideas,_Sketches,_and_Meeting_Notes#Security_and_Privacy
2016-04-12T15:26:23 <clown> Justin_o:  I\'m going back to other things for now, and I\'ll look at it later.  How can I load the thing into a browser and look at it in situ?
2016-04-12T15:26:46 <wale> great .. thanks Bosman
2016-04-12T15:26:48 <wale> Bosmon
2016-04-12T15:27:13 <Bosmon> Also here: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Security_Gateway#Guarding_against_Privilege_Escalation_Attacks_for_Local_Components
2016-04-12T15:28:42 <Justin_o> clown: you can either check out the branch from the PR the conversation is from, or i can send you a link running from my machine
2016-04-12T15:29:17 * Blagoj joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:29:34 <Blagoj> Hello to all
2016-04-12T15:29:52 <clown> Justin_o:  I prefer whatever is quicker.  It sounds like getting a link from you is the quickest.  I plan to look at this over lunch.
2016-04-12T15:30:27 <Blagoj> Justin_o: thanks for the feedback on the pull requests. I will look through them, and I think I should find a better solution for the prev/next link, I was just keeping to the issue "request"
2016-04-12T15:30:45 <Justin_o> clown: it\'ll only work locally so i\'ll send you the link over IM
2016-04-12T15:31:58 <Justin_o> Blagoj: thanks
2016-04-12T15:41:27 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-12T15:42:10 * wale has quit
2016-04-12T15:45:59 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:46:59 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o I read once biggest nightmare of any developer is naming a variable. I thought toggle would be good as it signifies sort of on/off states. Please can you help with it ,Something like previousState and nextState would make it more confusing as people may confuse it for previous or next state of something.
2016-04-12T15:47:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:49:44 * wale joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:50:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:52:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-12T15:54:22 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: yah, naming is hard.. and you\'re right about it being confusing to call them previousState and nextState
2016-04-12T15:57:16 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: maybe something like isLastPage and isFirstPage
2016-04-12T15:57:21 <Justin_o> what do you think?
2016-04-12T15:57:53 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: I tried but was coming up with bad names like previousBool and nextBool
2016-04-12T15:58:29 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: did you see my suggested names?
2016-04-12T15:59:48 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: Yes that would be simple.
2016-04-12T16:00:00 <PaliwalSparsh> It can work
2016-04-12T16:00:54 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-12T16:01:18 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: cool
2016-04-12T16:01:54 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: Great then I will stick with this and send the PR. Thanks.
2016-04-12T16:02:22 <Justin_o> thnk
2016-04-12T16:02:24 <Justin_o> thanks
2016-04-12T16:03:00 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: also, I\'m talking to clown in this channel about the aria-disabled
2016-04-12T16:03:47 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o I read it
2016-04-12T16:04:47 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o For someone navigating with keyboard it will work but if someone clicks it may pose problem if he clicks exactly on the link and not the div containing it.
2016-04-12T16:05:59 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: Actually as you said it I tried to see if it applies to all descendents when I looked in the Inspector window to check on the HTML it was applied only to the div and not the link inside.
2016-04-12T16:07:09 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: the DOM attribute would only show up on the element it was added to
2016-04-12T16:08:09 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: Ok. I thought would be added to all the child elements.
2016-04-12T16:10:50 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: I guess you could use jQuery to do that, but it seemed that just adding it to the parent should result in the assistive technology knowing that all the descendants were also disabled.
2016-04-12T16:15:28 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: If this would serve the purpose it is great. I will keep this in mind.
2016-04-12T16:18:44 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-12T16:24:40 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-12T16:39:17 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-04-12T16:40:39 * jhung has quit
2016-04-12T16:46:34 <Blagoj> Justin_o, jhung1, cindyli: Just curious, but how many people are accepted per project (The Google Summer of Code thing)?
2016-04-12T16:46:57 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-04-12T16:49:45 <Justin_o> Blagoj: we don\'t yet know how many slots we\'ll be given, and we are unable to make public who has been accepted until after GSoC announces it.
2016-04-12T16:50:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-12T16:51:11 <Blagoj> Justin_o: thanks, I know about the announcements, I was just a bit curios how the whole system works :D
'

