b'2016-02-09T20:15:54 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-09T20:17:21 <jhung> Justin_o: sounds good. Can you also rename the component to "Design Handbooks" (plural)?
2016-02-09T20:19:23 <Justin_o> jhung: sure will do
2016-02-09T20:19:28 <jhung> Thanks
2016-02-09T20:19:34 <Justin_o> jhung:  also i added comments to the pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/docs-inclusive-learning/pull/6
2016-02-09T20:19:46 <jhung> thanks I\'ll take a look Justin_o
2016-02-09T20:20:39 <Justin_o> updated JIRA to use "Design Handbooks"
2016-02-09T20:27:07 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-02-09T21:09:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-09T21:14:40 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-09T21:22:01 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-02-09T21:26:45 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-02-09T21:27:16 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-02-09T21:29:43 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-09T21:46:26 <Justin_o> jessm: does the new community list strip formatting out of the e-mails?
2016-02-09T21:47:36 <jhung> Justin_o: updated pull req https://github.com/fluid-project/docs-inclusive-learning/pull/6
2016-02-09T21:47:38 <jessm> Justin_o: apparently for that deque email it did \xe2\x80\x94 and horribly it contained a url connected to the original senders subscription \xe2\x80\x94 eek \xe2\x80\x94 i\xe2\x80\x99ve let him know about that. to top it off, avtar said the session is full. so altogether #fail all apologies @community
2016-02-09T21:47:49 <jhung> I made comments in response to your comments Justin_o
2016-02-09T21:47:53 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T21:54:16 * clown joined the channel
2016-02-09T21:57:33 <Justin_o> jhung: i\'ll try to look at those tomorrow
2016-02-09T21:58:16 <jhung> thanks
2016-02-09T21:59:35 * jhung has quit
2016-02-09T22:03:31 * clown has left the channel
2016-02-09T22:06:02 * yzen_ has quit
2016-02-09T22:07:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-09T22:08:07 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-09T22:11:13 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-02-09T22:19:00 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-09T23:25:20 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-09T23:30:46 <colinclark> hey avtar
2016-02-09T23:30:55 <avtar> hi
2016-02-09T23:31:06 <colinclark> you\'re great
2016-02-09T23:31:08 <colinclark> just so you know
2016-02-09T23:31:56 <colinclark> avtar: I\'m going to hit the road
2016-02-09T23:32:01 <colinclark> to review pull requests on the couch
2016-02-09T23:32:14 <colinclark> should I eat up all three of these? https://github.com/GPII/ci-service/pulls
2016-02-09T23:32:23 <colinclark> Or just the Windows one?
2016-02-09T23:33:03 <colinclark> and then I\'ll do the accompanying GPII-1557 in the GPII/windows repository
2016-02-09T23:33:16 <avtar> all three please, but the gpii/windows one first
2016-02-09T23:34:13 <colinclark> ok, great
2016-02-09T23:39:34 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-09T23:43:58 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-02-09T23:48:42 * yzen joined the channel
'

b'2016-02-09T16:04:09 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-09T16:46:03 <danayo> colinclark can you join us for a quick PGA checkin>
2016-02-09T16:46:06 <danayo> ?
2016-02-09T16:46:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T16:46:20 <colinclark> yup
2016-02-09T16:48:33 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-09T17:04:01 <colinclark> sepidehshahi, alanharnum: Are you free to push off our assets paper meeting until 3 pm EST today?
2016-02-09T17:04:36 <sepidehshahi> works for me colinclark, alanharnum and danayo ^
2016-02-09T17:04:55 <alanharnum> colinclark: that works for me
2016-02-09T17:10:13 <colinclark> ok great
2016-02-09T17:10:22 <colinclark> danayo said it also worked for her
2016-02-09T17:10:32 <danayo> yes!
2016-02-09T17:25:48 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-09T17:26:05 <Justin_o> danayo: are you available to join the PGA call right now, they are talking about the self voicing in the preview... if you are free i might ask if they are interested in your opinion about how it works
2016-02-09T17:27:33 <danayo> sure Justin_o
2016-02-09T17:30:08 <danayo> should I join, Justin_o?
2016-02-09T17:30:24 <Justin_o> danayo: i don\'t think they saw my message in the chat, i think you can just join.
2016-02-09T17:30:31 <Justin_o> they are currently talking about some of the technical aspects
2016-02-09T17:30:43 <Justin_o> but we can bring it back to the ux questions that these are all related to
2016-02-09T17:31:43 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-09T17:41:30 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-09T17:44:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-09T17:55:37 <simonjb> avtar: the sp2 presentation template is attached at the bottom of https://sites.google.com/a/raisingthefloor.org/p4amanage/2nd-annual-plenary-meeting-in-stuttgart/agenda-1/sp2-pitches
2016-02-09T17:55:55 <avtar> perfect, thanks
2016-02-09T17:57:49 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-09T18:01:31 <Justin_o> cindyli, simonjb, alanharnum, Bosmon, avtar, gtirloni, michelled, are we meeting for the UIO/GPII talk now
2016-02-09T18:01:45 <cindyli> yes, Justin_o, fluid-standup room?
2016-02-09T18:01:58 <simonjb> sounds good
2016-02-09T18:04:28 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-02-09T18:06:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-09T18:06:55 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o - on my way
2016-02-09T18:12:00 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-09T18:14:49 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-09T18:26:44 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-09T18:26:50 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-09T18:35:28 <avtar> simonjb: p4a-feb-2016
2016-02-09T18:35:32 <simonjb> thanks
2016-02-09T18:37:30 <simonjb> avtar: new branch pushed to github
2016-02-09T18:55:22 * jhung has quit
2016-02-09T18:56:47 <cindyli1> Justin_o: i\'ve finished all the refactoring I can think of in the FLUID-5837 branch - https://github.com/cindyli/infusion/tree/FLUID-5837, when you have time, can you take a look if i missed anything?
2016-02-09T18:57:12 <Justin_o> cindyli1: okay
2016-02-09T18:57:16 <cindyli1> thanks, Justin_o
2016-02-09T18:57:57 <Justin_o> cindyli1: would you be able to take over the FLUID-5853 work
2016-02-09T18:58:00 <Bosmon> cindyli1 - why no pull request?
2016-02-09T18:58:03 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-09T18:58:10 <cindyli1> Justin_o: sure
2016-02-09T18:58:50 <cindyli1> Bosmon: that branch is only for the client side of the UIO and GPII integration, it won\'t be ready without the server side
2016-02-09T18:59:17 <Bosmon> cindyli1 - a pull request would help with review, even if it is not ready
2016-02-09T18:59:39 <Bosmon> And given it is a branch of infusion, whatever is in it should be independently testable anyway
2016-02-09T19:00:24 <cindyli1> Bosmon: that\'s true. shall I add description that "this branch is just for review, not ready to be merged"?
2016-02-09T19:00:32 <Bosmon> cindyli1 - sure
2016-02-09T19:00:43 <Bosmon> cindyli1 - what do you plan to do for test cases?
2016-02-09T19:00:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: should we have a tag for that?
2016-02-09T19:00:51 <Bosmon> Justin_o - why not
2016-02-09T19:01:08 <Justin_o> what should it be "review only", "don\'t merge"
2016-02-09T19:01:10 <Justin_o> ?
2016-02-09T19:01:15 <cindyli1> Bosmon: what test cases? do you mean the unit test?
2016-02-09T19:01:47 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2016-02-09T19:01:54 <Bosmon> cindyli1 - for whatever work is in the branch : P
2016-02-09T19:03:14 <cindyli> Bosmon: can you expand on this - "what do you plan to do for test cases?"
2016-02-09T19:03:32 <Bosmon> cindyli - well, you said "that branch is only for the client side of the UIO and GPII integration, it won\'t be ready without the server side"
2016-02-09T19:04:06 <Bosmon> But if it can\'t be ready without the server side, how could it be tested?
2016-02-09T19:04:17 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-09T19:04:17 <Bosmon> And if it could be tested without the server side, why couldn\'t it be "ready" without the server side?
2016-02-09T19:05:37 <cindyli> Bosmon: when we have the server end points planned out, the work like sending/responding to the server end points can be added into this branch
2016-02-09T19:05:56 <cindyli> those can be tested in this branch as well
2016-02-09T19:06:07 <cindyli> but for now, it doesn\'t have that functionality at all
2016-02-09T19:06:09 <Bosmon> cindyli - ok
2016-02-09T19:06:29 <Bosmon> So it sounds like it could be ready without the server side then - with some mocks?
2016-02-09T19:06:37 <cindyli> yes
2016-02-09T19:06:45 <Bosmon> cindyli - cool
2016-02-09T19:09:13 <cindyli> Bosmon: in case this is not on ur radar, my two pull requests against your GPII-1318 branch, with the work for the auth server, are ready to be reviewed
2016-02-09T19:09:15 <cindyli> https://github.com/amb26/universal/pull/2
2016-02-09T19:09:17 <cindyli> https://github.com/amb26/universal/pull/3
2016-02-09T19:09:32 <Bosmon> cindyli - ah, thanks - I had forgotten about those
2016-02-09T19:09:55 <cindyli> thanks, Bosmon :)
2016-02-09T19:11:13 <Bosmon> Oh wow, 1521 is done too
2016-02-09T19:17:31 <cindyli> Bosmon, Justin_o, let\'s figure out the tag name for pull requests that\'s meant to be review only, so i can start using it
2016-02-09T19:17:49 <cindyli> Bosmon: Justin_o was asking - what should it be "review only", "don\'t merge"
2016-02-09T19:19:16 <Bosmon> "review only" is good
2016-02-09T19:19:30 <Bosmon> I\'m surprised we don\'t have one already
2016-02-09T19:19:36 <Bosmon> I thought we did on GPII.....
2016-02-09T19:19:42 <Justin_o> ?Bosmon: thanks, do we have a write up on what the tags mean?
2016-02-09T19:20:12 <alanharnum> Bosmon cindyli colinclark: I think CA PR is ready for another look as well - https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/pull/11
2016-02-09T19:20:40 <Bosmon> alanharnum - awesome
2016-02-09T19:20:55 <cindyli> cool. thanks, alanharnum
2016-02-09T19:25:39 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-09T19:26:22 <cindyli> Justin_o: are you creating the tag? i don\'t think i have privilege to do it
2016-02-09T19:26:33 <Justin_o> cindyli: ah, let me check
2016-02-09T19:28:01 <Justin_o> cindyli: should be there now
2016-02-09T19:28:44 <cindyli> yes, it\'s there. thanks, Justin_o
2016-02-09T19:31:17 <cindyli> Justin_o: the pull request for FLUID-5837 - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/668
2016-02-09T19:31:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2016-02-09T19:31:28 <cindyli> np
2016-02-09T19:34:08 <cindyli> Justin_o: looking at the commit messages on this pull, i noticed there\'s one message i mistakenly typed 5817 instead of 5837. is there a easy way to fix it?
2016-02-09T19:34:24 * danayo has quit
2016-02-09T19:34:25 <Justin_o> cindyli: is it the last one?
2016-02-09T19:34:34 <cindyli> no, in the middle, Justin_o
2016-02-09T19:34:47 <Justin_o> do you need to keep all the history between that one and the last one?
2016-02-09T19:35:23 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2016-02-09T19:35:28 <cindyli> not really, but in btw this one and the last one, i merged in ur 5837 branch so there are some history msgs from ur branch
2016-02-09T19:35:47 <cindyli> we probably wanna keep those, Justin_o
2016-02-09T19:35:59 <cindyli> unless you don\'t care, haha :)
2016-02-09T19:36:14 <Justin_o> cindyli: isn\'t that one you were working on https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5817
2016-02-09T19:36:46 <cindyli> ah, you saved me again, Justin_o. yes, the commit msg was correct!!!
2016-02-09T19:37:06 <Justin_o> cindyli: :) yeah
2016-02-09T19:37:12 <cindyli> thanks for the super useful and awesome reminder!!
2016-02-09T19:37:20 <Justin_o> :) no problem
2016-02-09T19:37:42 <simonjb> michelled: I wanted to check with you -- have you seen Till\'s slide template for the f2f? https://docs.google.com/viewer?a=v&pid=sites&srcid=cmFpc2luZ3RoZWZsb29yLm9yZ3xwNGFtYW5hZ2V8Z3g6ZGYwMjE4NjNkM2Y1Y2Yz
2016-02-09T19:38:44 <michelled> I hadn\'t simon - thanks
2016-02-09T19:39:25 <Justin_o> cindyli: left you a comment here https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/667
2016-02-09T19:40:00 <cindyli> thanks, trying, Justin_o, i didn\'t run grunt task
2016-02-09T19:40:33 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, takes a while to create the VM... i\'m trying it again on my side too
2016-02-09T19:42:10 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-09T19:49:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-09T19:49:19 <Justin_o> cindyli: now it seems to be the same
2016-02-09T19:50:47 <cindyli> ok, i\'m still trying to figure out how to get "grunt tests" working, looking at installing vms
2016-02-09T19:52:19 * alanharnum has quit
2016-02-09T19:52:28 <Justin_o> cindyli: you just npm install, vagrant up, and grunt tests
2016-02-09T19:52:46 <Justin_o> cindyli: i also just merged https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/667
2016-02-09T19:53:47 <cindyli> oh, Justin_o, u said "same" i thought you had the same extra test failure :)
2016-02-09T19:54:06 <cindyli> vagrant up throws error. do i need to install this first - https://github.com/GPII/qi-development-environments/, Justin_o
2016-02-09T19:54:57 <Justin_o> cindyli: you need vagrant installed first
2016-02-09T19:54:59 <Justin_o> if you don\'t have that
2016-02-09T19:55:12 <cindyli> ok. that certainly makes sense :)
2016-02-09T19:55:28 <Justin_o> cindyli: as per "same" yes, the extra error vs what was happening in master no longer happened
2016-02-09T19:55:50 <cindyli> ah ok
2016-02-09T19:57:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T19:58:47 <cindyli> hi michelled
2016-02-09T19:59:23 <michelled> hey cindyli
2016-02-09T20:00:13 <cindyli> michelled: earlier today we had another meeting for the server side of the UIO and GPII integration. i wonder if we have a deadline for this work? how urgent is it?
2016-02-09T20:00:36 <michelled> cindyli: we had planned to show it next week, but clearly that\'s not possibl e
2016-02-09T20:00:44 <michelled> cindyli: why do you ask?
2016-02-09T20:01:52 <cindyli> ok the reason i ask is \'cuz the issue seems a bit complex and ppl are busy with next week\'s face to face, we were thinking to put it on hold for a couple of weeks and Bosmon will find some time to give a deep thinking :) thanks, Bosmon, after that, we can gather again and talk about it
2016-02-09T20:02:00 <cindyli> does this plan sound ok to you, michelled
2016-02-09T20:02:06 * danayo joined the channel
2016-02-09T20:02:28 <michelled> yes, cindyli that seems fine
2016-02-09T20:02:35 <michelled> cindyli: are you working on chart authoring then?
2016-02-09T20:02:39 <cindyli> cool. thanks, michelled
2016-02-09T20:03:23 <Justin_o> michelled, danayo: when do you want to talk about the fd prefs server integration stuff?
2016-02-09T20:03:26 <cindyli> no, i\'m taking over https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5853 from Justin_o. will also review alanharnum\'s pull request, michelled
2016-02-09T20:04:01 <cindyli> probably i should check in with alanharnum and you tomorrow to find out which item is more urgent, michelled
2016-02-09T20:04:23 <cindyli> or you can let me know now if you have some thoughts, michelled
2016-02-09T20:04:36 <alanharnum> cindyli: i think it\'s pretty important to get that PR in before next week
2016-02-09T20:04:59 <cindyli> that\'s the priority, alanharnum, i know
2016-02-09T20:05:47 <cindyli> other than that, are there other things in the chart authoring tool that should be on higher priority? alanharnum and michelled
2016-02-09T20:07:18 <Justin_o> jhung: i have a feeling that James shouldn\'t be the lead on this anymore https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID/component/10080/?selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:component-summary-panel
2016-02-09T20:07:23 <Justin_o> should i change that to you?
2016-02-09T20:09:56 <danayo> Justin_o: I have another meeting now, then I have to leave for an appnt - can we meet tomorrow?
2016-02-09T20:11:35 <Justin_o> danayo: sure
'

b"2016-02-09T00:38:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T01:30:41 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-09T04:17:04 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-09T04:58:20 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-02-09T05:03:00 * yzen_ has quit
2016-02-09T06:31:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-09T06:37:38 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-09T07:00:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:02:15 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:04:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:05:59 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:07:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:09:39 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:11:26 * alanhar__ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:13:08 * alanharnum has quit
2016-02-09T07:13:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:15:04 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:16:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:18:42 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:20:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:22:20 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:22:20 * alanharnum has quit
2016-02-09T07:24:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:25:58 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:27:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:28:33 * amatas joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:29:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:31:25 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:33:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:35:03 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:36:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:36:56 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-02-09T07:38:46 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:40:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:42:23 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:44:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:46:02 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:47:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:49:39 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:51:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:53:11 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:53:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:55:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:56:56 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T07:56:56 * alanharnum has quit
2016-02-09T07:58:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:00:34 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:02:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:04:12 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:06:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:07:50 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:09:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:11:28 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:13:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:15:09 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:16:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:18:45 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:20:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:22:23 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:23:52 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-02-09T08:24:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:26:02 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:27:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:29:40 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:31:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:33:19 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:34:15 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:35:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:36:56 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:38:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:40:35 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:42:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:44:15 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:46:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:48:04 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:49:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:51:36 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:53:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:55:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:57:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T08:58:52 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:00:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:02:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:04:20 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:06:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:08:00 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:10:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:11:39 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:13:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:15:16 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:17:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:18:31 * alanharnum has quit
2016-02-09T09:18:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:20:47 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:22:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:24:23 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:26:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:28:02 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:29:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:42:17 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-09T09:43:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-09T09:52:49 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-09T10:25:12 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-09T11:34:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-09T12:25:11 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-09T12:26:33 * jhernand1z is now known as jhernandez
2016-02-09T12:51:00 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-09T13:05:38 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-09T13:07:09 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-09T13:41:32 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-09T13:42:08 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-09T13:55:28 * jessm joined the channel
2016-02-09T13:58:23 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-02-09T14:00:02 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-02-09T14:00:30 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-02-09T14:04:58 * yzen_ has quit
2016-02-09T14:14:43 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T14:16:05 * gtirloni has quit
2016-02-09T14:26:14 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-09T14:31:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-09T14:36:31 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-09T14:36:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-09T14:53:21 * danayo joined the channel
2016-02-09T14:57:41 * clown_ joined the channel
2016-02-09T15:00:06 * jessm joined the channel
2016-02-09T15:00:46 <Justin_o> michelled, danayo: when you have a chance would you like to talk about what's needed for the FD Tool  preferences server integration write up / landing page.
2016-02-09T15:05:50 <michelled> sounds good Justin_o
2016-02-09T15:13:15 <danayo> yes Justin_o
2016-02-09T15:13:34 <Justin_o> michelled, danayo: let me know when would be a good time for you
2016-02-09T15:15:06 <danayo> will do Justin_o - in SP1 webinar now
2016-02-09T15:18:08 <Justin_o> thanks
2016-02-09T15:26:02 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: our GSoC 2016 application is in.. while we wait for the application process please continue adding your ideas to https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2016+with+the+Fluid+Project
2016-02-09T15:26:18 <Bosmon> Thanks for taking care of that, Justin_o
2016-02-09T15:26:23 <cindyli> excellent. thanks, Justin_o
2016-02-09T15:26:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon, cindyli: np :)
2016-02-09T15:27:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-09T15:46:21 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-02-09T15:50:57 <simonjb> alanharnum: are you using a charting library for the chart authoring tool?
2016-02-09T15:51:08 <alanharnum> simonjb: yup, we're using D3
2016-02-09T15:52:47 <simonjb> alanharnum: ok, cool, do you have any sense of its performance?
2016-02-09T15:53:19 <jhung> Justin_o: when you get a chance, can you take a look at this pull request? https://github.com/fluid-project/docs-inclusive-learning/pull/6
2016-02-09T15:54:20 <Justin_o> jhung: will do, it's on my todo list..
2016-02-09T15:54:45 <jhung> ok thanks!
2016-02-09T15:55:54 <alanharnum> simonjb: for what we're doing it's quite good - conventional wisdom (which may not be true) is that if you're dealing with visualizing hundreds or thousands of datapoints, canvas-based frameworks may be better
2016-02-09T15:56:13 <alanharnum> but most of what i've been able to find is information from 2+ years ago, when SVG performance in browsers was less optimized
2016-02-09T15:56:57 <alanharnum> simonjb: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Open+Source+Chart+Library+Selection
2016-02-09T15:58:59 * anvk joined the channel
2016-02-09T16:02:41 <alanharnum> simonjb: https://bost.ocks.org/mike/path/
2016-02-09T16:03:43 <alanharnum> simonjb: http://metricsgraphicsjs.org/
2016-02-09T16:04:06 * clown joined the channel
"

