b'2016-03-08T18:38:47 <simonjb> great
2016-03-08T18:39:06 <simonjb> do I just pass an array as the first arg?
2016-03-08T18:40:08 <Bosmon7> simonjb - here it is
2016-03-08T18:40:27 <Bosmon7> You need to use the full "spec" form
2016-03-08T18:40:36 <Bosmon7> To get access to "segs"
2016-03-08T18:40:39 <simonjb> ah
2016-03-08T18:40:54 <Bosmon7> Although watch out that this area changed a little recently, with colinclark\'s merge of my update
2016-03-08T18:41:15 <Bosmon7> It is backwards compatible with the old impl but a little more complex
2016-03-08T18:41:26 <Bosmon7> In that it is now possible for a single listener to match on multiple paths
2016-03-08T18:41:33 <Bosmon7> A long-awaited feature requested by cindyli : P
2016-03-08T18:41:46 <simonjb> do we have docs on the "spec form?
2016-03-08T18:42:13 <cindyli> YAY
2016-03-08T18:42:31 <simonjb> (or point me at the impl and I can take a look there)
2016-03-08T18:44:02 <Bosmon7> simonjb - not very clearly, no - http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ChangeApplierAPI.html#programmatic-style-for-listening-to-changes
2016-03-08T18:44:24 <Bosmon7> There was never much expectation that people would use the programmatic form of registration
2016-03-08T18:44:31 <Bosmon7> But it certainly should be better documented than it is
2016-03-08T18:44:53 <Bosmon7> The impl is at the link I pasted "in my mind"
2016-03-08T18:44:58 <simonjb> :)
2016-03-08T18:44:59 <Bosmon7> Bizarrely I see that I did not actually paste it just now
2016-03-08T18:45:30 <Bosmon7> Anyway here it ACTUALLY is https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/DataBinding.js#L1413
2016-03-08T18:46:11 * abhibansal53 has quit
2016-03-08T18:46:11 <simonjb> cool, thanks
2016-03-08T18:46:42 <simonjb> Bosmon7: and would applier.change() take a similar spec form of segs?
2016-03-08T18:46:48 * abhibansal53 joined the channel
2016-03-08T18:47:32 <Bosmon7> simonjb - change accepts segs too, yes
2016-03-08T18:47:55 <simonjb> in the same { segs: ... } form?
2016-03-08T18:48:26 * nrda has quit
2016-03-08T18:50:29 <Bosmon7> simonjb - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/DataBinding.js#L1340
2016-03-08T18:50:30 <Bosmon7> Yes
2016-03-08T18:52:56 <simonjb> awesome (and thanks for the code links -- it\'s part of infusion that I\'d like to drive deeper into to understand better)
2016-03-08T18:54:01 <simonjb> For the looking up of component by path I\'m using fluid.globalInstantiator.pathToComponent[]
2016-03-08T18:54:03 <simonjb> https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/master/src/Nexus.js#L154
2016-03-08T18:54:24 <simonjb> I was taking a look through https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/FluidIoC.js
2016-03-08T18:55:03 <simonjb> but I\'m not sure yet how it would deal with escaped paths -- do you know what the expectation there would be?
2016-03-08T18:55:45 <simonjb> I will keep reading the code -- but when I have you here, I think I\'d just ask!
2016-03-08T18:55:56 <simonjb> Bosmon7 ^
2016-03-08T18:55:59 <Bosmon7> simonjb - we have a rather mixed model at the moment
2016-03-08T18:56:04 <simonjb> ok
2016-03-08T18:56:16 <Bosmon7> the core IoC system does not deal with escaped paths, possibly from a misplaced desire for efficiency
2016-03-08T18:56:23 <Bosmon7> The data binding system does use escaped paths throughout
2016-03-08T18:56:27 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T18:57:04 <Bosmon7> It\'s reasonable for you to implement the nexus "properly" and have it always interpret paths as escaped
2016-03-08T18:57:12 <Bosmon7> And then just convert them to "segs" when handing off to framework APIs
2016-03-08T18:57:53 <simonjb> does that mean that there could be problems though with IoC references to paths containing escapes?
2016-03-08T18:58:08 <Bosmon7> simonjb - there would be, yes
2016-03-08T18:58:33 <simonjb> ok
2016-03-08T18:58:54 * clown_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T18:58:59 <simonjb> so for now, we will enable to Nexus to construct components at paths with escapes
2016-03-08T18:59:50 <simonjb> though there may be issues addressing those components in IoC expressions?
2016-03-08T18:59:58 <simonjb> am I understanding?
2016-03-08T19:00:28 <simonjb> and we can address that in the future?
2016-03-08T19:00:41 <Bosmon7> simonjb - yes
2016-03-08T19:00:57 <Bosmon7> The core impl has been "mostly" factored to centralise this strategy in one place - here - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/FluidIoC.js#L924
2016-03-08T19:01:02 <simonjb> cool, thanks for your help Bosmon7
2016-03-08T19:01:12 <Bosmon7> Although I see looking around that there are still a few stray references
2016-03-08T19:02:40 <Bosmon7> The official line is that the IoC system "does not support" components which have periods in their member names
2016-03-08T19:03:10 <Bosmon7> Or references to options material which is of this kind
2016-03-08T19:22:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-08T19:23:00 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-08T19:24:21 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-08T19:31:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-08T19:37:19 <simonjb> Bosmon7: I\'m looking at applier.change and not seeing a way to provide the path in segs
2016-03-08T19:37:57 <simonjb> you pointed me to https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/DataBinding.js#L1340
2016-03-08T19:38:25 <Bosmon7> simonjb - this requires the "spec" form as well
2016-03-08T19:38:55 <Bosmon7> Or rather the "changeRequest" form
2016-03-08T19:38:56 <simonjb> am I right in thinking that the function being called when I use foo.applier.change is https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/DataBinding.js#L1345L1352
2016-03-08T19:39:14 <Bosmon7> simonjb - that\'s the one, yes
2016-03-08T19:39:39 <simonjb> the changeRequest object is built from the args
2016-03-08T19:39:48 <Bosmon7> simonjb - sorry yes, I meant to say you need to invoke applier.fireChangeRequest
2016-03-08T19:39:52 <simonjb> ah
2016-03-08T19:39:54 <simonjb> ok
2016-03-08T19:40:11 <simonjb> it\'s ok for me to fire that directly and bypass the change() function?
2016-03-08T19:40:25 <Bosmon7> simonjb - yes, they are meant to be "peer" APIs
2016-03-08T19:40:31 <simonjb> excellent
2016-03-08T19:40:34 <simonjb> thanks
2016-03-08T19:40:52 <Bosmon7> simonjb - it\'s even somewhat documented : P
2016-03-08T19:40:53 <Bosmon7> http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ChangeApplierAPI.html#programmatic-style-for-triggering-a-change
2016-03-08T19:41:28 <simonjb> excellent, I missed that in the docs
2016-03-08T19:41:31 <simonjb> thanks again
2016-03-08T19:42:02 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-08T19:43:28 <Bosmon7> You\'re somewhat in the area of "the framework for enthusiasts" here, but we should definitely tighen up the docs .....
2016-03-08T19:45:54 <simonjb> ALL TESTS CONCLUDED PASS
2016-03-08T19:46:58 <simonjb> I had modified my tests to use model paths with escaped periods in them
2016-03-08T19:47:15 <simonjb> now passing again
2016-03-08T19:48:13 <simonjb> TDD FTW
2016-03-08T20:03:50 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-03-08T20:04:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T20:06:59 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-08T20:11:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-08T20:51:11 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-08T20:56:44 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-08T21:16:27 * abhibansal53 has quit
2016-03-08T21:24:24 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-08T21:30:09 <Bosmon7> simonjb - awesome :)
2016-03-08T21:30:12 * anvk has quit
2016-03-08T21:40:53 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T21:43:33 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T22:26:08 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-03-08T23:14:27 * simonjb has quit
2016-03-08T23:44:02 * alanharnum has quit
'

b'2016-03-08T15:01:33 <Justin_o> Jitesh_: do you have any specific questions?
2016-03-08T15:02:00 <Jitesh_> As i was surfing net i Found out the project problem could be solved with HTML 5 speech recognition api and speech api...right
2016-03-08T15:03:19 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:03:43 <Justin_o> Jitesh_: i\'d say that the project doesn\'t require that, but it\'s an interesting idea, in particular for alternate access. We used the web speech api for the  first discovery tool to make it self voicing http://build.fluidproject.org/first-discovery/demos/
2016-03-08T15:05:30 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-08T15:06:06 <Jitesh_> al right so what would be the game all about? is it the same "Discovering cats" game or i need to think of a game myself..
2016-03-08T15:06:43 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:07:13 <jhung> @Awesome_A: I updated FLUID-4991. I hope it\'s a bit more clear.
2016-03-08T15:07:17 <jhung> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4991
2016-03-08T15:09:39 <Justin_o> Jitesh_: you have some flexibility there. You\'re welcome to use "Discovery cats" or come up with a new idea. You may want to talk it over with danayo when she\'s available. Also, whatever you come up with it must meet the criteria of the project.
2016-03-08T15:10:37 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:12:39 * klown joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:14:22 <dins> michelled: Hi
2016-03-08T15:14:51 <dins> michelled: could you find a time to look at what I sent
2016-03-08T15:16:21 * jhung has left the channel
2016-03-08T15:16:34 * jhung joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:25:17 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:37:18 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:40:23 <Justin_o> avtar: did you ever have trouble connecting certain USB keys to a windows vm?
2016-03-08T15:40:56 <avtar> to be honest i\'ve never had to so i\'m not sure :P
2016-03-08T15:41:21 <Justin_o> avtar: you\'re so lucky ;)
2016-03-08T15:41:32 <michelled> hi dins
2016-03-08T15:41:44 <michelled> I was just looking at what you sent - looks like a good start
2016-03-08T15:41:47 <avtar> Justin_o: what\'s happening?
2016-03-08T15:41:55 <michelled> what plans do you have for it going forward?
2016-03-08T15:42:42 <michelled> simonjb, Justin_o, sepidehshahi: dins has started to play around with making a new UI control https://github.com/Dinuka2013513/music-ctrls
2016-03-08T15:42:52 <Justin_o> avtar: one of my USB keys will connect fine.. i have another that will connect, but is not accessible. It shows up as no media in disk management.
2016-03-08T15:43:27 <avtar> and there are usb filters present for both/
2016-03-08T15:43:30 <avtar> ?
2016-03-08T15:43:47 <Justin_o> avtar: i\'ve formatted it on other machines, including a windows machine, but still have issues.
2016-03-08T15:44:06 <Justin_o> i don\'t have filters set up for either.. i just eject manually on my host machine and then connect to the vm
2016-03-08T15:44:23 <Justin_o> avtar: also it did work at least once, so i\'m not sure why then and not other times.
2016-03-08T15:45:58 <avtar> if i were to guess i would say it\'s a temperamental usb drive
2016-03-08T15:46:42 <avtar> there were specific ones from bert that were used for gpii demos that worked each time
2016-03-08T15:46:54 <avtar> whereas a select few would never get detected
2016-03-08T15:47:01 <Justin_o> avtar: ah, could be the same issue then
2016-03-08T15:47:10 <Justin_o> avtar: thanks
2016-03-08T15:49:50 <Jitesh_> @danayo Hello
2016-03-08T15:50:12 <dins> actually most of the controllers which are required are already there in someother libraries as also mentioned in the ideas page
2016-03-08T15:50:57 <danayo> hello Jitesh_
2016-03-08T15:51:23 <dins> So, my plane is to do them using more html and svg, with a responsive design without using canvas
2016-03-08T15:51:54 <dins> to make them more adaptable
2016-03-08T15:52:41 <dins> but, also would it be a good idea of having both html and svg
2016-03-08T15:52:48 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-08T15:52:57 <Jitesh_> danayo: I was wondering if you could help me with getting started with Game for First Discovery of Preferences as Gsoc project
2016-03-08T15:53:41 <avtar> Justin_o: np
2016-03-08T15:53:50 <dins> I though like that, because, when applying styles and all for SVG, it\'s not that easy to users like just css
2016-03-08T15:54:16 <dins> so, I my plan is to use svg only when it\'s really needed
2016-03-08T15:55:27 <gtirloni> Justin_o: have you got usb 3.0 support enabled? i\'d try disabling it.. i have had usb 2.0 sticks that failed to work on a 3.0 port with vbox
2016-03-08T15:55:29 <danayo> sure Jitesh_, I\xe2\x80\x99d suggest that you start by becoming familiar with Infusion and the Preferences framework in particular. http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/PreferencesFramework.html
2016-03-08T15:55:32 <dins> michelled: would it be fine to go with a combination of both svg and html
2016-03-08T15:56:13 <danayo> And you could check out The First Discovery Tool which is another example of a tool that brings a user into the process of setting their preferences (structured more as a wizard than an interactive game). Hopefully it will help you get the idea Jitesh_  http://build.fluidproject.org/first-discovery/demos/
2016-03-08T15:56:26 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i\'m using USB 2.0 in the vm
2016-03-08T15:56:51 <Justin_o> and connecting through a USB 2.0 port on my monitor or keyboard.
2016-03-08T15:56:54 <Justin_o> same results for both
2016-03-08T15:57:02 <danayo> Jitesh_: You\'ll also find other related demos for UI Options and the Preferences Framework on http://build.fluidproject.org
2016-03-08T15:57:36 <Jitesh_> danyo: alright thanks for your kind help:)
2016-03-08T15:57:47 <gtirloni> Justin_o: you may have to use diskpart.exe to manually create a partition. it\'s another issue i\'ve seen where not even the disk management app can create a partition
2016-03-08T15:57:49 <danayo> sure Jitesh_ , and as you go through the documentation, source code, demos, and the current design mock up you should start to think of how you\xe2\x80\x99ll approach the project, what the user experience should be, what technologies are needed, how to make it accessible, and etc.
2016-03-08T15:58:04 <Justin_o> gtirloni: ah thanks.. i\'ll try that
2016-03-08T15:58:39 <Jitesh_> danayo: sure, i would do that
2016-03-08T16:02:03 * wgoh joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:03:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:04:02 <danayo> just saw your ealier discussion in the channel Jitesh_ : wanted to clarify that the goal of the game is to make a fun interactive experience for introducing a user to the experience of setting digital preferences. as Justin_o mentioned, it doesn\'t have to be cats (though many of us around here seem to love them). you can work with the existing wireframes/designs, or come up with something new
2016-03-08T16:04:24 <wgoh> @jhung: Hi Jon, I am interested in working on "Implement UI/Learner Option Responsive Design" project.
2016-03-08T16:05:23 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:05:29 <wgoh> I am Winston, a final year Computer Science student at National University of Singapore. I have a year of experience in Silicon Valley working as a front-end developer using AngularJS and Bootstrap. I also have experience working with Sass, MaterializeCSS and media queries.
2016-03-08T16:08:58 * wgoh has quit
2016-03-08T16:10:22 <michelled> dins, yes, that sounds reasonable to me. There are other things that would be really good to do such as make the control also work with the mouse, add ARIA to it so that it works with a screen reader, and build the component in a way that makes it easier to modify
2016-03-08T16:10:35 <simonjb> hi dins, I had a look at your music-ctrls work -- really nice start and thanks for sharing it
2016-03-08T16:11:08 <simonjb> as michelled says, it would be great to take it a bit further
2016-03-08T16:11:42 <simonjb> are you familiar with ARIA?
2016-03-08T16:11:47 <dins> yes
2016-03-08T16:12:13 <dins> I have used it..........  but not in-depth
2016-03-08T16:12:23 <dins> I\'m already a UI developer
2016-03-08T16:12:51 <simonjb> ok, great, do you have experience testing with ARIA and assistive technologies such as screen readers?
2016-03-08T16:12:53 <dins> since this is just a start up to demonstrate, I didn\'t do that much
2016-03-08T16:12:54 <dins> :)
2016-03-08T16:13:42 <Jitesh_> danayo: olright danayo, I would talk regarding the project and discuss how would i go about it, very soon
2016-03-08T16:14:39 <dins> using a bit..............I have used JAWS
2016-03-08T16:14:56 <simonjb> cool
2016-03-08T16:15:23 <simonjb> adding ARIA support would be one next step that you could take
2016-03-08T16:15:42 * abhibansal53 joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:15:44 <dins> ok
2016-03-08T16:15:45 <simonjb> dins: do you have experience writing automated tests?
2016-03-08T16:15:55 <dins> yes
2016-03-08T16:16:15 <simonjb> that would also be really great to include
2016-03-08T16:16:51 <simonjb> those are some ideas, if you\'d like to take the work a little further
2016-03-08T16:16:58 <simonjb> thanks for your work so far
2016-03-08T16:17:01 <dins> yeah
2016-03-08T16:17:07 <dins> thanks a lot simonjb
2016-03-08T16:17:36 <dins> I\'l add them and update you soon
2016-03-08T16:18:02 <dins> :)
2016-03-08T16:40:13 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-08T16:40:42 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:41:32 * sakshamsaxena joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:41:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:43:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-08T17:00:16 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-08T17:01:10 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-08T17:04:13 <Justin_o> gtirloni, avtar: just to keep you up-to-date with my USB drive drama...  http://superuser.com/questions/871850/usb-flash-drive-not-working-or-is-appearing-as-an-empty-disk-drive-disk-managem
2016-03-08T17:05:30 <Justin_o> i\'m guessing the issue i\'m running into has something to do with the controller and NAND flash on this particular USB drive. It works when connected to a host machine (Mac or Windows) just not through the VM. So something with the VM is probably causing it.
2016-03-08T17:07:12 <gtirloni> on my dell laptop i have usb 2.0 and 3.0 ports, so there is a special usb stick that will only work inside a vm if i plug it into the usb 2.0 port.. i\'m guessing apple hardware is all usb 3.0 now? otherwise i would try that
2016-03-08T17:08:00 <gtirloni> or vice-versa. i got a new usb 3.1 external disk that refuses to work properly with usb 2.0 in a vm :/
2016-03-08T17:13:03 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T17:16:09 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T17:18:04 * Jitesh_ has quit
2016-03-08T17:18:36 * nrda has quit
2016-03-08T17:25:04 <Justin_o> gtirloni: the usb ports on the MacBooks are all USB 3.0, but the peripherals i have are all usb 2.0 (keyboard, thunderbolt display).
2016-03-08T17:25:31 <Justin_o> i guess i could try it directly from the macbook and see if that works
2016-03-08T17:30:23 * Saksham_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T17:33:41 * sakshamsaxena has quit
2016-03-08T17:35:10 * Saksham_ has quit
2016-03-08T18:01:52 * akshay_ has quit
2016-03-08T18:02:58 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-08T18:07:12 <Justin_o> danayo, michelled: are we having a PGA checkin today?
2016-03-08T18:07:28 <danayo> oops yes Justin_o
2016-03-08T18:08:10 <Justin_o> danayo: thanks, i can\'t remember.. do we do these meetings in fluid-standup?
2016-03-08T18:08:23 <danayo> yes
2016-03-08T18:09:22 <simonjb> hey Bosmon, Bosmon7
2016-03-08T18:10:28 <Justin_o> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/PGA+Task+Order+%230003+QA+Testing+Tasks
2016-03-08T18:22:52 <Justin_o> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1641?filter=10800
2016-03-08T18:26:12 <Bosmon7> Hey there simonjb
2016-03-08T18:26:26 <simonjb> hey! I hear you\'re in the US!
2016-03-08T18:26:34 <Bosmon7> simonjb - you hear correctly!
2016-03-08T18:27:12 <simonjb> Bosmon7: thanks very much for your comments on the nexus pull
2016-03-08T18:27:19 <simonjb> I\'ve been working through them
2016-03-08T18:27:26 <Bosmon7> simonjb - awesome
2016-03-08T18:27:38 <simonjb> and wanted to chat with you about path escaping and segments
2016-03-08T18:27:43 <Bosmon7> oh yes
2016-03-08T18:28:15 <simonjb> Bosmon7: could we do video chat? if that doesn\'t work, then here is fine also
2016-03-08T18:28:47 <simonjb> Bosmon7: sorry, I should have asked: do you have time to talk though this some time soon?
2016-03-08T18:29:59 <Bosmon7> simonjb - sure
2016-03-08T18:30:48 <simonjb> Bosmon7: great, would you prefer here or vidyo?
2016-03-08T18:31:39 <Bosmon7> Perhaps we can chat here for a bit since I am moving around?
2016-03-08T18:31:47 <simonjb> for sure
2016-03-08T18:31:52 <Bosmon7> It could be good to have a record in any case
2016-03-08T18:32:08 <simonjb> yes, agreed -- that\'s always a good reason to use IRC
2016-03-08T18:33:18 * nrda joined the channel
2016-03-08T18:34:57 <simonjb> Bosmon7: I started on changing my code to standardise on the segment version of paths -- the motivation being that I would parse once if given a path as a string and then the parsing is done and I know that it was done
2016-03-08T18:35:28 <simonjb> so, first question: does that seem like a reasonable approach?
2016-03-08T18:36:17 <Bosmon7> simonjb - yes, that\'s reasonable and how the framework typically works
2016-03-08T18:36:22 <simonjb> great
2016-03-08T18:36:35 <Bosmon7> The versions of paths named "segs" are typically considered authoritative
2016-03-08T18:37:25 <simonjb> great, that\'s what it looked like to me -- I renamed my modelPath -> modelPathSegs
2016-03-08T18:37:36 <simonjb> https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/master/src/Nexus.js#L114
2016-03-08T18:38:12 <simonjb> once, I headed down that path, I hit some places where I wasn\'t sure how to use the segs version
2016-03-08T18:38:26 <Bosmon7> Yes
2016-03-08T18:38:33 <simonjb> can I use segs for applier.modelChanged.addListener()?
2016-03-08T18:38:41 <Bosmon7> Yes, you can
'

b'2016-03-08T00:22:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-08T00:35:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T00:40:09 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T01:36:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T01:40:49 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T02:21:36 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-08T02:26:15 * yzen has quit
2016-03-08T02:38:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T02:42:54 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T03:24:04 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-08T04:12:37 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-08T05:15:20 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-03-08T05:19:37 * yzen_ has quit
2016-03-08T05:26:58 * Jitesh_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T05:27:09 <Jitesh_> Hello there
2016-03-08T05:27:16 <Jitesh_> :)
2016-03-08T05:27:52 <Jitesh_> I wanted to contribute to fluid projects in GSoc \'16
2016-03-08T05:28:53 <Jitesh_> Could you please help me as I am really interested in Game for first discovery for prefrences
2016-03-08T05:29:27 <Jitesh_> What would be the game all about??
2016-03-08T05:30:03 <Jitesh_> How can i start contributing to the project...
2016-03-08T05:30:09 <Jitesh_> thanks
2016-03-08T06:01:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T06:06:01 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T06:12:30 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-08T06:12:50 * dins has quit
2016-03-08T06:23:48 * akshay_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T06:24:28 * Jitesh_ has quit
2016-03-08T06:56:09 <akshay_> I went through the infusion Github repository, read the docs and went through the code.
2016-03-08T06:59:15 <akshay_> Long back I made a game using Blockly.js and after going through the docs I have a good idea of how will I integrate the preference framework with a Phaser based game.
2016-03-08T07:00:57 <akshay_> I also went through the various demos and I know I have a complete understanding of what is wanted in the game.
2016-03-08T07:04:27 <akshay_> I am working on the UI/UX and gameplay and I hope I would be able to come up with a few snapshots and show you a demo working part.
2016-03-08T07:08:50 * akshay_ has quit
2016-03-08T07:45:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T07:49:23 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T07:49:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T07:51:16 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T07:59:14 * akshay_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T08:00:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T08:14:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-08T08:16:07 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T08:19:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T08:26:54 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-08T08:37:44 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T08:51:44 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-08T09:18:11 * wgoh__ joined the channel
2016-03-08T09:19:05 * wgoh__ has quit
2016-03-08T09:22:23 * wgoh joined the channel
2016-03-08T09:29:53 * sakshamsaxena joined the channel
2016-03-08T09:34:40 * wgoh has quit
2016-03-08T09:39:17 * sakshamsaxena has quit
2016-03-08T09:51:07 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-08T09:51:20 * dins has quit
2016-03-08T10:18:07 * Jitesh_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T10:30:31 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-08T10:48:02 <gloob> akshay_: how that works? the game, I mean
2016-03-08T10:48:13 <gloob> akshay_: is there any code reference in github or somewhere?
2016-03-08T11:41:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T12:02:36 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-08T12:02:58 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-08T12:15:07 * nrda joined the channel
2016-03-08T12:20:29 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-08T12:25:46 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-08T12:26:02 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-08T12:31:30 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-08T12:42:56 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:09:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:10:47 * jhung joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:15:28 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:15:48 * dins has quit
2016-03-08T13:16:28 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:27:56 <Justin_o> akshay_: did you see danayo\'s reply to you yesterday?
2016-03-08T13:37:02 * akshay_ has quit
2016-03-08T13:37:30 * Jitesh_ has quit
2016-03-08T13:37:40 * akshay_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:38:45 <akshay_> Yes justin I have read it.
2016-03-08T13:43:24 <akshay_> After going through the various demos of Infusion and preference framework I have a fair idea of what I have to do and am working on designing the architecture of the game.
2016-03-08T13:44:13 <akshay_> As well as I\'m working on the UI/UX and gameplay part.
2016-03-08T13:46:09 <akshay_> In the game basically the user would set up certain preferences which in itself would be fun and interactive and implemented like a game
2016-03-08T13:48:25 <akshay_> and then user would be guided to a game which would be based on those preferences.
2016-03-08T13:50:11 <akshay_> Base on these links : http://build.fluidproject.org/videoPlayer/demos/Mammals.html and http://build.fluidproject.org/prefsEditors/demos/explorationTool/
2016-03-08T13:52:14 <akshay_> the preference framework is being used only to modify certain section of the web page like size and text style and line spacing
2016-03-08T13:53:20 <akshay_> but in the game it would be used to set up preferences or rather options which would alter the gameplay.
2016-03-08T13:55:17 <akshay_> So can the game be an educational game to improve vocabulary of the kids or to improve the mathematical skills or to teach graph problems and the gameplay would be based on the preferences that the user set?
2016-03-08T13:57:02 * jessm joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:57:40 <akshay_> I think I would be more clear with my points if I include some wireframes or snapshots. I\'m working on it and I\'ll do it in a few hours.
2016-03-08T13:57:54 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:00:24 * anvk joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:01:20 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:12:03 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-03-08T14:13:12 <dins> Hi Justin_o , for our proposal
2016-03-08T14:13:13 <dins> as a start up
2016-03-08T14:13:15 <dins> should we develop or should we come up with UX designs
2016-03-08T14:13:16 <dins> which one should we focus more
2016-03-08T14:16:25 * yzen_ has quit
2016-03-08T14:19:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:22:47 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:24:52 <Justin_o> dins: hmm.. I believe you\'ll have freedom to come up with your designs, but you could also talk to one of our designers about them
2016-03-08T14:26:05 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-08T14:26:51 <Justin_o> akshay_: thanks, wireframes would help. In general preferences could be any customized setting. You could look at gpii.net for a broader example of preference settings.
2016-03-08T14:27:51 <jhung> Awesome_A: Hi there. Yesterday you messaged me. I replied but didn\'t hear a response. Is there something I can help with?
2016-03-08T14:28:25 <Justin_o> akshay_: the main goal is to teach/inform about the idea of setting preferences and possibly to come out with a gpii preferences set... but the idea of making an education game as well sounds interesting. It would be interesting to see what danayo also thinks about your ideas.
2016-03-08T14:28:31 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-08T14:28:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:34:43 <dins> Justin_o: Could you please let me know how to contact designers
2016-03-08T14:34:56 <dins> are they on #fluid-design
2016-03-08T14:35:21 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:35:41 <dins> or, are there any specific people we should contact
2016-03-08T14:38:52 <Awesome_A> Hi jhung
2016-03-08T14:39:50 <Awesome_A> Hi everyone!
2016-03-08T14:40:22 <jhung> Hi Awesome_A. Welcome to the channel. Can I help you with anything?
2016-03-08T14:40:52 <Awesome_A> I went through the demos and the issues (bugs) linked to the project
2016-03-08T14:41:17 <Awesome_A> I noticed some issues are not explicit or well explained
2016-03-08T14:41:49 <jhung> Awesome_A: ok. Maybe I can help with that. Which issues are you looking at?
2016-03-08T14:42:02 * Jitesh joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:42:28 <Justin_o> dins: they\'re in both channels
2016-03-08T14:42:37 <Awesome_A> link to images are not working and I will suggest if someone adds an image he/she should encircle the part(s) to illustrate
2016-03-08T14:43:02 <Awesome_A> an example is https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4991
2016-03-08T14:43:09 <jhung> Awesome_A: that would be a problem. :) Let me take a look.
2016-03-08T14:43:40 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:44:31 <jhung> Awesome_A: I see. A while ago we did an upgrade to the bug tracker and many of the attached images were lost in the process. I\'ll see if I can find and reproduce the screen shot.
2016-03-08T14:44:48 <Justin_o> jhung: i was talking to gtirloni a bit about that yesterday. We had some issues when migrating some of the servers and it seems that some of the JIRA attachments were lost. We should try to recreate the screenshots for these as we find them.
2016-03-08T14:44:52 <Awesome_A> I didn\'t make the remark about the shadow. It seem to be ok. On less I didn\'t pay much attention
2016-03-08T14:45:05 <Justin_o> jhung: seems you already knew :)
2016-03-08T14:45:33 <jhung> Awesome_A: What we hope is that the instructions are clear enough in the big that the screen shot isn\'t needed. But sometimes the instructions or descriptions in the bug aren\'t enough.
2016-03-08T14:46:04 <Awesome_A> yes
2016-03-08T14:46:30 <Awesome_A> Thanks for the warm welcome (^_^)
2016-03-08T14:46:49 <jhung> Awesome_A: I also see a 404 for the github link too. This jira you found is not doing very good! :) I\'ll try to fix that up.
2016-03-08T14:47:01 <Awesome_A> Ok
2016-03-08T14:48:01 <Awesome_A> please visit this one too https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5035
2016-03-08T14:48:08 * Jitesh has quit
2016-03-08T14:49:19 <Awesome_A> Jhung I did understand this issue too https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4019
2016-03-08T14:49:20 * jitesh joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:50:01 <jhung> Awesome_A: Thanks! There are going to be lots of issues like this where the images are missing or the links are broken. :) We hope the bug reporter did a good job at describing the issue so the bug fixer can work even without those images or links.
2016-03-08T14:50:23 <Awesome_A> "Image Reorderer container should not be restricted to just Form elements" can you please suggest other elements
2016-03-08T14:53:01 <jhung> Awesome_A: let me see...
2016-03-08T14:54:33 <Awesome_A> ok
2016-03-08T14:55:40 <jhung> Awesome_A: for FLUID-4019, the Component should allow any use of container not just the <form> element. So anything like a <div>, <span>, <section>.
2016-03-08T14:56:07 <Awesome_A> ok
2016-03-08T14:56:11 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:56:17 <jhung> the intent is to not restrict people into using a <form> element - they should be able to use whatever container they want Awesome_A
2016-03-08T14:56:35 <jhung> I\'ll update the jira with this detail.
2016-03-08T14:56:46 <Awesome_A> nice
2016-03-08T14:57:16 * Jitesh_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:57:22 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-08T14:58:10 * jitesh has quit
2016-03-08T14:59:42 <jhung> Thanks for pointing that out Awesome_A. We try to be as thorough as possible in our bug reports, but FLUID-4019 wasn\'t one of them. :) I\'ve updated it now. I\'ll take a look at those other issues you pointed out.
2016-03-08T15:00:04 <Jitesh_> @justin Hello
2016-03-08T15:00:20 <Justin_o> Jitesh_: hello
2016-03-08T15:00:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:01:03 <Jitesh_> Actually i wanted to contribute to Game for First Discovery of Preferences as Gsoc Project. Could you please help me how to proceed:)
'

