b'2016-10-06T19:57:01 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-10-06T20:47:21 <cindyli> gtirloni, avtar: i downloaded windows 10 vm and running "npm install" using it. got a permission error and asking to run the command as root/Administrator
2016-10-06T20:47:44 <cindyli> i\'m not starting any vagrant inside a vm
2016-10-06T20:47:51 <cindyli> just to run "npm install"
2016-10-06T20:48:14 <avtar> cindyli: hmm that doesn\'t seem right
2016-10-06T20:48:19 <avtar> are you using the idi windows vm?
2016-10-06T20:48:26 <cindyli> yes
2016-10-06T20:48:38 <cindyli> vagrant init inclusivedesign/windows10-eval
2016-10-06T20:49:20 <gtirloni> and then you went to the win10 screen, opened a command prompt, went to c:\\vagrant and entered `npm install`?
2016-10-06T20:49:46 <cindyli> yes, after downloading and installing node.js
2016-10-06T20:51:30 <avtar> cindyli: i would try installing node using chocolatey
2016-10-06T20:52:24 <cindyli> btw, the permission error was thrown at installing our famous leveldown
2016-10-06T20:52:27 <cindyli> prebuild --install
2016-10-06T20:54:33 <cindyli> gonna run. will continue tomorrow
2016-10-06T20:55:47 <gtirloni> yeah, and try it outside c:\\vagrant too
2016-10-06T20:55:50 <gtirloni> cindyli: cya!
2016-10-06T20:56:31 <cindyli> gtirloni: using c:\\gpii\
ode_modules\\universal
2016-10-06T20:56:39 <cindyli> see u tomorrow
2016-10-06T21:04:03 * clown has quit
2016-10-06T21:06:29 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-10-06T21:16:31 * sgithens has quit
2016-10-06T21:16:47 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-10-06T21:21:02 * sgithens has quit
2016-10-06T21:28:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-06T21:31:26 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-06T21:39:28 * Justin_o has quit
2016-10-06T21:58:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-06T22:21:56 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-06T22:30:42 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-06T22:30:47 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-10-06T22:32:33 <sgithens> Kasper is out this week right?
2016-10-06T22:37:43 <avtar> sgithens: i think so, i heard he was or is sick
2016-10-06T22:38:03 <sgithens> avtar: poor buddy
2016-10-06T22:38:04 <sgithens> thanks
2016-10-06T22:38:14 <avtar> np
2016-10-06T22:48:10 * sgithens_ joined the channel
2016-10-06T22:48:29 * sgithens has quit
2016-10-06T22:48:30 * sgithens_ is now known as sgithens
2016-10-06T22:51:29 * amatas has quit
2016-10-06T22:56:39 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-10-06T23:01:30 <sgithens> Bosmon: For this new solutions registry datasource that supports inheritance, do you think I should add a solutionsRegistry node_module back in for it, or put it in an existing module in universal?
2016-10-06T23:01:36 <sgithens> ( GPII-111 )
2016-10-06T23:05:20 <Bosmon7> sgithens - of course it should have its own node_module
2016-10-06T23:06:45 <sgithens> Bosmon7 : thanks
2016-10-06T23:07:26 <Bosmon7> Make sure you keep consulting with the_t_in_rtf
2016-10-06T23:07:33 <Bosmon7> Since we had a talk about this subject only this afternoon
2016-10-06T23:07:44 <sgithens> GPII-111 ?
2016-10-06T23:07:53 <sgithens> are there any notes I can add to the jira ticket?
2016-10-06T23:08:07 <Bosmon7> yes
2016-10-06T23:08:11 <Bosmon7> Not really
2016-10-06T23:08:16 <sgithens> :p
2016-10-06T23:08:18 <Bosmon7> We just talked about technology choices in general
2016-10-06T23:08:31 <Bosmon7> I did ask him to write something up :)
2016-10-06T23:08:48 <Bosmon7> He pointed out that we have no way of distinguishing between different versions of the same solution in our current setup
2016-10-06T23:08:48 <sgithens> when you say technology choices
2016-10-06T23:08:56 <sgithens> right
2016-10-06T23:09:01 <Bosmon7> I mean, about our backend and overall structure for the REAL REAL solutions registry
2016-10-06T23:09:04 <Bosmon7> Once it finally arrives
2016-10-06T23:09:16 <Bosmon7> I\'ve pointed out that we still really actually want our persistence to be backed by git, even in the long run
2016-10-06T23:09:23 <sgithens> ok
2016-10-06T23:09:30 <Bosmon7> Even if in practice we build a rich set of "caches" or other kinds of "fronts" to the data hosted in Couch or whatever
2016-10-06T23:09:45 <Bosmon7> git solves so many important problems for us that we wouldn\'t want to abandon it
2016-10-06T23:10:02 <Bosmon7> For example, the ability to have atomic, verified commits, and a full version history even including forks
2016-10-06T23:10:51 <sgithens> other than like... github, are there many webapps yet that use git as a backend yet rather than a regular sql or nosql db?
2016-10-06T23:10:53 <Bosmon7> So "A JSON file in github", even though it sounds a bit contemptible, isn\'t really very far off our ultimate architecture
2016-10-06T23:11:13 <Bosmon7> Well, I went to a meetup in Boulder full of people who wanted to use git as a filesystem :)
2016-10-06T23:11:18 <Bosmon7> It was "standing room only"
2016-10-06T23:11:34 <Bosmon7> It was also very creepy since it was a room filled with > 100 blokes and 1 girl
2016-10-06T23:11:40 <sgithens> ugh
2016-10-06T23:12:13 <Bosmon7> I mean, git also solves the replication problem, at its own level
2016-10-06T23:12:24 <sgithens> well, hopefully the backend storage won\'t have much effect on the syntax and json structure we came up with for GPII-111 in Toronto
2016-10-06T23:12:33 <Bosmon7> No, it won\'t
2016-10-06T23:12:55 <Bosmon7> It might not be great if people are hammering it with 1000s of update transactions, but that is an utterly unlikely workload for a solutions registry
2016-10-06T23:13:08 <sgithens> right
2016-10-06T23:13:47 <sgithens> well, hopefully, we\'ll be able to easily have multiple versions of stuff very soon
2016-10-06T23:14:28 <Bosmon7> Yes well, we can have them
2016-10-06T23:14:39 <Bosmon7> I guess we\'ll have to give the matchmaker a bit of extra sense about them
2016-10-06T23:15:01 <Bosmon7> Although I guess it is very unlikely you could succeed in having multiple versions of the same solution deployed on a system at the same time
2016-10-06T23:15:10 <sgithens> well
2016-10-06T23:16:00 <sgithens> for the major screen readers and stuff, probably not, but for some simpler AT it might not be unheard of
2016-10-06T23:16:03 <Bosmon7> It\'s just a matter of the device reporter or whatever correctly determining what version that you do have
2016-10-06T23:17:42 * kavya has quit
2016-10-06T23:22:43 * sgithens has quit
'

b'2016-10-06T02:04:28 * michelled has quit
2016-10-06T03:37:07 * danayo has quit
2016-10-06T04:38:09 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-10-06T04:38:09 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-10-06T07:33:11 * stegru joined the channel
2016-10-06T08:24:25 * amatas joined the channel
2016-10-06T12:05:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-10-06T12:16:58 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-10-06T12:42:24 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-06T12:52:28 * jhung joined the channel
2016-10-06T13:08:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-06T13:09:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-06T13:22:46 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-06T13:22:48 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-10-06T13:23:27 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-06T13:32:10 * kavya joined the channel
2016-10-06T13:34:13 <the-t-in-rtf1> @kasparnet, @Bosmon, @colinclark, we have a meeting in Room 3.
2016-10-06T13:36:23 <colinclark> the-t-in-rtf: We have canceled it!
2016-10-06T13:36:29 <colinclark> kasparnet is tremendously ill
2016-10-06T13:36:34 <colinclark> and I am also unable to attend
2016-10-06T14:03:46 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon, @colinclark, I have opened my Vidyo room.
2016-10-06T14:04:07 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-06T14:05:51 <the-t-in-rtf> We can also do Skype if Vidyo is at all problematic.
2016-10-06T14:08:30 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-10-06T14:08:34 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-06T14:09:46 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-06T14:10:32 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-06T14:21:39 * kasparnet has quit
2016-10-06T14:26:28 <alanharnum> jhung: I\'m doing a quick spike on guide.inclusivedesign.ca based on the discussion
2016-10-06T14:26:34 <alanharnum> to demonstrate (I hope) what the-t-in-rtf is suggesting about using block helpers
2016-10-06T14:26:41 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-06T14:29:47 <jhung> alanharnum: so it seems the approach is to leverage block helpers as much as possible to create the common blocks of HTML
2016-10-06T14:29:58 <alanharnum> jhung: I think that would definitely help
2016-10-06T14:30:27 <alanharnum> anywhere we repeatedly use the same block of HTML with different variables (figures are a good example), we should extract that as a helper function
2016-10-06T14:32:49 <alanharnum> the caveat is i worry somewhat that this will make the documentation harder to read in the raw, or less friendly to non-technical users
2016-10-06T14:33:06 <alanharnum> but i think it\'s worth demonstrating in action so we can think more concretely about how we might make use of it
2016-10-06T14:35:39 <jhung> alanharnum: also we\'ll need to make an effort to direct authors to the fact that these helpers exist. I wonder if putting it in the README is enough, or if a comment should go into each .md file?
2016-10-06T14:36:01 <alanharnum> jhung: I think having a well-documented README is enough
2016-10-06T14:36:10 <alanharnum> and a common namespace syntax for the helpers perhaps
2016-10-06T14:36:55 <alanharnum> so that someone looking at the documentation sees \'fluidHelper.getFigure\' or similar and knows that\'s one of our custom helpers
2016-10-06T14:40:11 <jhung> alanharnum: seems sensible. I\'ll reply to the thread shortly with a summary of our discussion. Thanks!
2016-10-06T14:40:56 <alanharnum> jhung: thanks - I should have a spike example shortly that
2016-10-06T14:41:03 <alanharnum> can further the discussion
2016-10-06T14:43:04 <jhung> ok
2016-10-06T14:52:41 * jessm joined the channel
2016-10-06T14:54:15 * amatas has quit
2016-10-06T14:55:33 * Justin_o has quit
2016-10-06T15:00:59 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-06T15:04:06 * clown has quit
2016-10-06T15:04:30 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-06T15:08:17 <cindyli> gtirloni: with GPII-2060 work, does the CI process triggered by the commit of a universal pull request needs to be adjusted to run "npm install" before "vagrant up"
2016-10-06T15:09:24 <cindyli> i\'m about to commit my change to use GPII-2060 and i might expect a "CI job fails", right?
2016-10-06T15:09:43 <gtirloni> cindyli: one sec, let me check
2016-10-06T15:09:49 <cindyli> thanks
2016-10-06T15:11:10 <gtirloni> cindyli: that\'s a good point. but for the CI job in particular, it\'s not necessary because we are not using Grunt for them for some reason.. we actually go into the VM to run the tests
2016-10-06T15:11:18 <gtirloni> https://github.com/GPII/ci-service/blob/master/jenkins_jobs/universal.yml#L65
2016-10-06T15:11:20 <gtirloni> it should be fine
2016-10-06T15:12:00 <cindyli> ok, commiting...
2016-10-06T15:24:45 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-10-06T15:27:50 <Bosmon7> cindyli - how is our stack overflow issue looking?
2016-10-06T15:28:03 <Bosmon7> Has gtirloni idea of moving node_modules into /tmp completely resolved all the issues?
2016-10-06T15:28:15 <Bosmon7> Or it was simonjb\'s idea
2016-10-06T15:29:24 <cindyli> Bosmon7: both their ideas i believe. it\'s looking pretty good. we\'ve tested with fedora and mac, both working fine. now having a little issue with windows
2016-10-06T15:29:26 <cindyli> working on it
2016-10-06T15:30:21 <gtirloni> unrelated question: what are we using/preferring these days: npm scripts or grunt tasks?
2016-10-06T15:32:43 <Bosmon7> gtirloni - npm scripts
2016-10-06T15:34:14 <Bosmon7> gtirloni - witness our horrifying discussion surrounding https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-484
2016-10-06T15:34:34 <Bosmon7> alanharnum, Justin_o, colinclark and I had a "modularisation meeting" earlier in the week that I cited the notes for at the GPII arch meeting
2016-10-06T15:36:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-06T15:36:18 <gtirloni> Bosmon7: thanks!
2016-10-06T15:53:23 <kavya> jhernandez:hi
2016-10-06T15:53:50 <kavya> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2073
2016-10-06T15:57:51 <michelled> jhung: did you get a chance to default the topics to closed in the guide?
2016-10-06T15:59:51 <jhung> michelled: not yet. I\'m hoping cindyli or Justin_o would have time to help with that.
2016-10-06T16:00:16 <Justin_o> jhung: is there a JIRA for that work?
2016-10-06T16:01:59 <jhung> danayo: a jira exist for the topics defaulting to Hide? I can make that now if not.
2016-10-06T16:02:40 <danayo> jhung: I have not made a jira yet!
2016-10-06T16:02:49 <danayo> thanks
2016-10-06T16:03:33 <jhung> danayo: ok i\'ll do that. Justin_o I\'ll send that along once I have it.
2016-10-06T16:03:40 <danayo> great
2016-10-06T16:03:48 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2016-10-06T16:05:10 <jhung> Oh and danayo I\'m so confused as to where these Jiras are supposed to go. I see we have jiras in both the IDI and Floe projects. I guess it makes more sense to have it under Floe?
2016-10-06T16:05:46 <danayo> yeah jhung - i think any i have created, i\'ve created under FLOE
2016-10-06T16:06:07 <danayo> I think that makes the most sense
2016-10-06T16:06:47 <jhung> ok. I think I made a couple under IDI. I\'ll move those over.
2016-10-06T16:08:34 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-10-06T16:09:52 <jhung> Justin_o: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5979
2016-10-06T16:12:03 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-10-06T16:12:03 * lliskovoi_ is now known as lliskovoi
2016-10-06T16:13:26 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2016-10-06T16:19:18 <Justin_o> jhung_away: thanks, i\'ll try to take a look later today
2016-10-06T16:24:49 * amatas joined the channel
2016-10-06T16:25:57 * clown has quit
2016-10-06T16:30:22 <colinclark> alanharnum: In terms of data analysis for the Collaboratory, do you imagine we\'ll want any proprietary analysis or statistical tools? Or is there enough stuff that is sufficiently open?
2016-10-06T16:35:19 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-06T16:35:23 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2016-10-06T16:44:10 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2016-10-06T16:51:22 <alanharnum> colinclark: hm. not really my area.
2016-10-06T16:51:38 <colinclark> alanharnum: speculate :)
2016-10-06T16:53:20 <alanharnum> OK - i think the biggest gap for analysis and statistics in terms of open tools is in qualitative research like text analysis, subject clustering, etc
2016-10-06T16:53:50 <alanharnum> i remember http://www.dedoose.com/ being one of the things my partner used when she was working in qualitative research
2016-10-06T16:54:49 <alanharnum> there are a number of powerful open quantitative / data analysis tools like R and OpenRefine, but I\'m not sure how user friendly they are
2016-10-06T16:55:02 <alanharnum> from my memories of working with R long ago, "not very" is probably the answer
2016-10-06T16:55:32 <alanharnum> this is the other big qualitative one that I know gets used: http://www.qsrinternational.com/nvivo-product
2016-10-06T16:57:10 <alanharnum> a few other things that come up: http://www.spotteron.com/, http://citsci.org/cwis438/websites/citsci/home.php?WebSiteID=7
2016-10-06T16:57:37 <alanharnum> I do think we might want to spend some money on properietary tools, if only for easing startup
2016-10-06T16:57:54 <alanharnum> there are a lot of SaaS-based tools, etc
2016-10-06T16:59:15 <alanharnum> this may be useful: https://www.researchgate.net/post/Are_there_any_open-source_alternatives_to_Nvivo
2016-10-06T17:01:01 <alanharnum> colinclark: my speculation endeth ^
2016-10-06T17:01:08 <colinclark> thank you alanharnum
2016-10-06T17:01:10 <colinclark> you\'re great
2016-10-06T17:13:06 * michelled has quit
2016-10-06T17:14:29 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-06T17:14:33 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-10-06T17:15:37 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-06T17:18:55 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-10-06T17:30:44 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2016-10-06T17:57:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-06T17:57:13 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-06T17:57:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-06T18:02:17 * [o__o] joined the channel
2016-10-06T18:04:35 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-06T18:22:44 <gtirloni> cindyli: re: adding the browserify step to the Gruntfile, I asked about npm/grunt before because i wanted to know where to add things (if any) in the future. is there any way to do the same with npm? I\'m guessing the OS-independent code wouldn\'t be possible?
2016-10-06T18:23:38 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-06T18:25:32 <cindyli> gtirloni: as far as i\'ve tried, no for removing a directory
2016-10-06T18:53:08 * stegru has quit
2016-10-06T18:56:17 <jhernandez> kavya: ohh, nice report! well done!
2016-10-06T18:56:20 <jhernandez> thanks
2016-10-06T18:56:53 <jhernandez> I haven\'t had time to confirm it here but I see that you assigned it to steve
2016-10-06T18:57:59 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-10-06T18:58:23 <jhernandez> has he confirmed the problem on his side too? or do I still need to confirm it before he starts working on it?
2016-10-06T19:00:00 <michelled> jhernandez: here are the notes from the windows meeting today: https://pad.gpii.net/p/windows-summit-29-7-16-alr4n2a
2016-10-06T19:00:09 <michelled> "\t\xe2\x80\xa2\tKavya yesterday mentioned settings return after resume is NOT resolved, and Steve Grundell can confirm - might be Windows 8 only, but needs more investigation
2016-10-06T19:00:10 <michelled> "
2016-10-06T19:08:47 <jhernandez> oh
2016-10-06T19:08:50 <jhernandez> okay
2016-10-06T19:08:52 <jhernandez> michelled: thanks!
2016-10-06T19:13:23 <michelled> np
2016-10-06T19:23:29 <kavya> ok..thanks mitchelle
2016-10-06T19:26:59 <gtirloni> cindyli: CI passed! congrats :)
2016-10-06T19:27:40 <cindyli> YAY!! thanks for the beautiful work around. still waiting avtar\'s test results on windows tho
2016-10-06T19:27:48 <Justin_o> alanharn_: could you let me know if this would meet your needs for infusion distributions https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/760
2016-10-06T19:28:01 <Justin_o> colinclark: ^
2016-10-06T19:28:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: would you be able to review it https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/760
2016-10-06T19:32:25 <alanharn_> Justin_o: that looks great to me
2016-10-06T19:32:57 <alanharn_> assuming that checking out your branch and running an npm install gives me in the \'dist\' directory what I\'d expect to get
2016-10-06T19:36:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-06T19:45:44 <avtar> cindyli: no dice on windows 10 :/ https://gist.githubusercontent.com/anonymous/7096dbf4897c6688d965d0e056bf5399/raw/157920b5c1dd7896bbb555be9fc6003bee304f8e/gistfile1.txt
2016-10-06T19:46:22 <cindyli> ok. good to know
2016-10-06T19:46:27 <cindyli> having a look
'

