b'2016-03-01T19:54:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-01T19:58:10 * wojciech_ has quit
2016-03-01T19:59:37 <Bosmon> alanharnum - it has always been a mess, and I think it will remain so
2016-03-01T20:00:07 <Bosmon> Just look at the carnage that is coming down the pipe with "ES6 modules"
2016-03-01T20:00:25 <Bosmon> Unfortunately persons calling themselves Computer Scientists are not properly incentivised to resolve such problems
2016-03-01T20:00:30 <alanharnum> i tried not to
2016-03-01T20:00:59 <alanharnum> the whole space made my head spin
2016-03-01T20:02:27 <Bosmon> Yes, I think we can safely neglect it
2016-03-01T20:02:45 <Bosmon> I think the core of your proposal to punt everything to npm and some build steps is totally sound
2016-03-01T20:02:59 <Bosmon> build steps + some "auto-hosting"
2016-03-01T20:05:04 <alanharnum> yeah, npm and package.json seem to at least be winning the battle to be the source of packages
2016-03-01T20:05:21 <alanharnum> which leaves the space of "manage packages once they\'re downloaded from npm" fairly narrow
2016-03-01T20:15:33 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-03-01T20:16:27 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-01T20:19:04 <colinclark> Ioan_: Awesome!
2016-03-01T20:19:19 <colinclark> I\'m curious about your experience about IT security--what kinds of things are you doing as part of your Masters?
2016-03-01T20:19:34 <colinclark> Have you done any work related to OAuth 2.0 or other types of security systems or gateways?
2016-03-01T20:21:54 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T20:52:27 <Ioan_> colinclark, sorry for my late response. Currently I am just beginning my master\'s degree in IT security, I mean this is the first semester and will include classes in Computational Cryptography, PKIs and Security Protocols
2016-03-01T20:57:20 <colinclark> Ioan_: Cool! Do you have any interest in looking at or proposing a project related to secuity? One of the things we\'ve bee aiming to do is better connect up our UI Options component with the Global Public Inclusive Infrastructure, which has a central preferences server and OAuth infrastructure for storing a user\'s preferences and granting access to different sites, etc.
2016-03-01T20:57:44 <colinclark> so there is a possibility, if you want to think it through, of collaboratively coming up with a new project idea based around your new skills
2016-03-01T20:58:06 <colinclark> The person to talk to about that is cindyli, who is currently at home sick, but should be around later this week or next
2016-03-01T20:58:09 <colinclark> just an idea
2016-03-01T21:06:15 <Ioan_> I\'ll take this into consideration, but just to be sure, I remind you that I haven\'t started yet this semester, it\'ll start in two weeks from now
2016-03-01T21:06:56 <Ioan_> About connecting up your  UI Options component with the Global Public Inclusive Infrastructure
2016-03-01T21:07:31 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-01T21:07:51 <Ioan_> Could you please detail more about this ?
2016-03-01T21:12:01 <Ioan_> Sorry, but in my country it\'s a little bit late and I have to go. I\'ll be back tomorrow, bye!
2016-03-01T21:12:12 * Ioan_ has quit
2016-03-01T21:12:29 * ioan joined the channel
2016-03-01T21:13:25 * anvk has quit
2016-03-01T21:31:58 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-01T22:00:11 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-01T22:25:54 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-01T22:40:45 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-01T22:40:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T22:57:44 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-03-01T22:57:50 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-03-01T23:10:36 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-01T23:15:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-01T23:29:33 * amatas has quit
2016-03-01T23:52:10 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-01T23:52:46 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T23:57:04 * gabrielmancini has quit
'

b'2016-03-01T17:49:20 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-01T17:51:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T17:53:40 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-01T17:53:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T17:59:17 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T18:00:38 <colinclark> danayo, Justin_o, michelled: fluid_standup for our check-in today?
2016-03-01T18:01:35 <Justin_o> colinclark:  sure
2016-03-01T18:02:14 <abhibansal53> please can anybody guide me how to proceed??
2016-03-01T18:05:53 <Justin_o> abhibansal53: have you looked at the early design mockups?
2016-03-01T18:06:26 <abhibansal53> where to find them?
2016-03-01T18:07:44 * wojciech_ joined the channel
2016-03-01T18:08:10 <Justin_o> There\'s a link in the project description https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2016+with+the+Fluid+Project#GoogleSummerofCode2016withtheFluidProject-GameforFirstDiscoveryofPreferences
2016-03-01T18:12:50 <wojciech_> Hello everyone! My name is Wojtek and I would love to take part in GSoC 2016 and contribute to your community.
2016-03-01T18:13:30 <Justin_o> wojciech_: hello, thanks for your interest, welcome.
2016-03-01T18:16:40 <wojciech_> I am really interested in applying for your "JavaScript SoundFont 2 Parser" but I am not sure about the difficulty of implementing such project.
2016-03-01T18:17:49 <wojciech_> Could you give me some tips on applying for this project or resources to get information about it?
2016-03-01T18:18:12 <abhibansal53> i have gone through Discovery-cats mockup,what should be my next step?
2016-03-01T18:18:58 <Justin_o> wojciech_: ah okay, maybe check in with colinclark
2016-03-01T18:19:28 * jessm joined the channel
2016-03-01T18:19:31 <colinclark> Hi wojciech_, glad you\'re interesting
2016-03-01T18:19:38 <colinclark> and interested :)
2016-03-01T18:19:55 <wojciech_> Nice to hear from you!
2016-03-01T18:20:05 <colinclark> How can I help?
2016-03-01T18:21:01 <wojciech_> As said before I am not sure about the difficulty of the project.
2016-03-01T18:22:18 <wojciech_> I have pretty solid knowledge of Javascript and algorithms but I have never worked with any MIDI libraries
2016-03-01T18:24:32 <wojciech_> I am also interested in any specific requirements you have for the proposal. According to Google\'s guide it\'s best to ask the community about such topics :)
2016-03-01T18:36:34 * abhibansal53 has quit
2016-03-01T18:37:22 * abhibansal53 joined the channel
2016-03-01T18:43:27 <simonjb> hey jhernandez, will you (or have you) uploaded your new GPII diagrams to the wiki?
2016-03-01T18:45:22 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-03-01T18:48:03 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-03-01T18:51:25 * gtirloni has quit
2016-03-01T18:53:50 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-01T18:53:53 <jhernandez> simonjb: not yet - in fact, Kasper and I talked about that earlier today
2016-03-01T18:54:20 <jhernandez> it would be great to put all these new diagrams into the wiki
2016-03-01T18:54:34 <danayo> hi abhibansal53: thanks for your interest in the Discovery Game project!
2016-03-01T18:54:48 <danayo> I\'m going to add a little more detail to the description on the wiki
2016-03-01T18:54:56 <simonjb> ok cool, I wanted to sent out a summary email regarding security and would really like to link to the new architecture diagram
2016-03-01T18:55:20 <simonjb> jhernandez: would be great to add them all to the wiki
2016-03-01T18:55:23 <danayo> and then you should go ahead and write up your proposal following the template we have posted here https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/5729245854695424/
2016-03-01T18:55:32 <danayo> abhibansal53 ^
2016-03-01T18:55:41 <danayo> at the bottom of the page
2016-03-01T18:55:56 <simonjb> jhernandez: would you be able to upload at least the new overall system diagram?
2016-03-01T18:56:56 <simonjb> jhernandez: I could do it also, if you didn\'t mind
2016-03-01T18:57:49 <jhernandez> simonjb: I don\'t mind
2016-03-01T18:58:10 <jhernandez> I guess that you want to put it here https://wiki.gpii.net/w/GPII_Architecture_Overview
2016-03-01T18:58:14 <jhernandez> isn\'t it?
2016-03-01T18:58:59 <danayo> might be helpful to look at the First Discovery tool source code as well abhibansal53: https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery
2016-03-01T18:59:05 <simonjb> jhernandez: I think yes, eventually -- I was thinking for now, I\'d just upload the PDF
2016-03-01T18:59:09 <jhernandez> simonjb: if so, maybe that page will require some love
2016-03-01T18:59:32 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-01T18:59:59 <jhernandez> simonjb: ok then, uploading the pdf sounds good to me
2016-03-01T19:00:06 <simonjb> cool
2016-03-01T19:00:27 <simonjb> and yes, longer term, we should update our pages with the new diagrams
2016-03-01T19:01:32 <simonjb> colinclark, Bosmon, michelled, gtirloni: if it still works for everyone, let\'s meet in my vidyo room
2016-03-01T19:01:40 <Bosmon> Crikey
2016-03-01T19:01:45 <Bosmon> Somehow it became 7pm already
2016-03-01T19:01:55 <Bosmon> I don\'t really understand how time works
2016-03-01T19:02:05 <Bosmon> All you do is sit there and it just passes by itself
2016-03-01T19:02:09 <simonjb> it\'s a bit weird
2016-03-01T19:02:35 <jhernandez> simonjb: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/File:Architecture_Diagram_(current).pdf
2016-03-01T19:02:41 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-03-01T19:06:51 <abhibansal53> danayo,thanx for your reply,i\'ll look into it
2016-03-01T19:07:04 <danayo> great abhibansal53
2016-03-01T19:08:29 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-01T19:11:17 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-01T19:12:55 <Bosmon> alanharnum - hay, WAHHARNUM!
2016-03-01T19:13:02 <Bosmon> "JSONP-based payload for the client site after the initial dependency pull" - could you elaborate?
2016-03-01T19:13:21 <alanharnum> Bosmon: yeah i just reread that myself and said "that doesn\'t make sense even to me"
2016-03-01T19:14:26 <alanharnum> basically, we want to be able to embed the QI analytics information on arbitrary sites by letting that site include a <script> call to the QI service that delivers a customized Javascript file with the necessary functions and data
2016-03-01T19:15:56 <alanharnum> similar to how sites make use of Google Analytics, Twitter widget embeds, etc.
2016-03-01T19:16:47 <alanharnum> So a (theoretical) embedding site includes a <script> tag and a container <div> like in the issue at https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1583
2016-03-01T19:17:39 <alanharnum> the QI service queries the GitHub API and returns a suitable Javascript file customized based on those parameters
2016-03-01T19:18:14 <Bosmon> alanharnum - that\'s pretty fascinating
2016-03-01T19:18:21 <alanharnum> similar concept to something like https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/status-images/
2016-03-01T19:18:30 <Bosmon> What scope do you imagine we have for kicking off a build process in response to such a request?
2016-03-01T19:19:09 <alanharnum> hm. i don\'t think it would kick off a build process
2016-03-01T19:19:22 <Bosmon> alanharnum - ok
2016-03-01T19:19:36 <alanharnum> most of what you\'re customizing with a JSONP request is the necessary data and something like the container to drop the results in to
2016-03-01T19:20:46 <alanharnum> you might be (for example) concatenating the necessary Infusion + D3 + Flocking + QI widget dependencies into one file to be included as something like "qimetrics.js"
2016-03-01T19:21:31 <alanharnum> and then there\'s a second script tag that includes something like "qidata.js?type=github-commits&repo=https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion&containerId=github-commits"
2016-03-01T19:21:49 <Bosmon> alanharnum - sure
2016-03-01T19:21:57 <alanharnum> that\'s probably the better approach in this case
2016-03-01T19:21:58 <Bosmon> So WHERE, for example, might we store such things
2016-03-01T19:22:01 <Bosmon> And how might they get in there?
2016-03-01T19:22:23 <Bosmon> That is, the qimetrics.js file, for example
2016-03-01T19:22:31 <alanharnum> that\'s part of what avtar and I are working on
2016-03-01T19:22:37 <Bosmon> Aha
2016-03-01T19:22:40 <Bosmon> What is your approach
2016-03-01T19:22:56 * ioan joined the channel
2016-03-01T19:23:28 <ioan> Hello
2016-03-01T19:23:32 <alanharnum> the QI Metrics Service (call it that for the moment) is a gpii-express application
2016-03-01T19:24:04 <alanharnum> it\'s responsible for managing transaction with sources of metrics data like the GitHub API, Jenkins instances, etc
2016-03-01T19:24:16 <Bosmon> Well sure, that\'s the service
2016-03-01T19:24:28 <Bosmon> But specifically meant bundled files such as "qimetrics.js"
2016-03-01T19:24:32 <Bosmon> But I
2016-03-01T19:24:44 <Bosmon> Where might they be sourced from?
2016-03-01T19:25:23 * ioan is now known as Guest17548
2016-03-01T19:25:48 <alanharnum> my sense is that qimetrics would be generated as part of the deploy step of the service application, since it won\'t change frequently
2016-03-01T19:25:59 <alanharnum> and that qidata.js is generated programatically based on requests
2016-03-01T19:26:07 <Bosmon> ok, that\'s fine
2016-03-01T19:26:13 <Bosmon> So there will be a post-install build step
2016-03-01T19:26:51 <alanharnum> that\'s pretty speculative, but it would be my approach
2016-03-01T19:27:43 <Bosmon> We\'ll still need some kind of protocol/convention for referring to static resources from the inside of such a bundle
2016-03-01T19:27:48 * Guest17548 is now known as Ioan_
2016-03-01T19:28:09 <Bosmon> Which I imagine is where the module-relative paths I mentioned in my mail will come in
2016-03-01T19:28:24 <alanharnum> yeah, that could be a possible approach
2016-03-01T19:28:34 <Bosmon> We can\'t depend on the exact path of a module in the filesystem to remain stable within node_modules, given drift in npm strategies and the overall dependence structure
2016-03-01T19:28:45 <Bosmon> But the use of these "module keys" will allow us to find them stably
2016-03-01T19:28:52 <colinclark> Hi Ioan_, How\'s it going?
2016-03-01T19:29:06 <alanharnum> yeah, that drift seems to be why so many of these front-end dependency managers exist
2016-03-01T19:29:23 <Bosmon> The strategy is *very* different between npm 2.x and npm 3.x
2016-03-01T19:29:33 <Bosmon> Which is one of the main drivers behind creating fluid.module.register
2016-03-01T19:29:39 <colinclark> wojciech_: I think the project will probably involve some learning for you, familiarizing yourself with music tools and reading the specification for SoundFonts and the like
2016-03-01T19:29:42 <Bosmon> Since I knew that all of these hard-coded paths would break before long
2016-03-01T19:29:48 <alanharnum> what i really want is NPM to officially release their own, but the blog post at http://blog.npmjs.org/post/101775448305/npm-and-front-end-packaging seems to make it clear that their immediate goal is to become self-supporting
2016-03-01T19:30:59 <alanharnum> Bosmon: It\'s possible it would be time appropriately spent on my part to figure out a way to use fluid.module.register to package things for front end
2016-03-01T19:31:40 <Bosmon> alanharnum sure, yes - I don\'t imagine that very much would be required since Kettle should pretty much do it already
2016-03-01T19:31:47 <Bosmon> But it would be nice to have someone verify that it actually works : P
2016-03-01T19:32:09 <Bosmon> And I guess we should think about what our "little configuration" might look like for achieving this automatically
2016-03-01T19:32:23 <Bosmon> WHether it is extra material in package.json or a parallel API to fluid.module.register or whatever
2016-03-01T19:35:27 <alanharnum> I can see it as something like an extension or similar for static middleware
2016-03-01T19:35:43 <alanharnum> with an IoC structure that looks something like this mebbe:
2016-03-01T19:38:00 <alanharnum> concatenate: {
2016-03-01T19:38:00 <alanharnum> route: "/static/qimetrics.js",
2016-03-01T19:38:00 <alanharnum> files: {
2016-03-01T19:38:02 <alanharnum> "/src/js/lib/d3.min.js",
2016-03-01T19:38:04 <alanharnum> "/src/js/lib/flocking.min.js",
2016-03-01T19:38:06 <alanharnum> "/src/js/lib/infusion.min.js",
2016-03-01T19:38:08 <alanharnum> "/src/js/qimetrics/**"
2016-03-01T19:38:10 <alanharnum> }
2016-03-01T19:38:12 <alanharnum> }
2016-03-01T19:38:38 <alanharnum> basically, "create and serve a \'static\' file created by concatenating these \'real\' files from the file system"
2016-03-01T19:38:39 <Bosmon> alanharnum wow, ok
2016-03-01T19:38:50 <alanharnum> that may be a complete ludicrous idea
2016-03-01T19:38:52 <Bosmon> We should make sure whatever we do integrates well with michelled \'s current work on "source maps"
2016-03-01T19:39:12 <alanharnum> but I can foresee myself as someone developing web applications finding that useful functionality
2016-03-01T19:39:19 <Bosmon> I don\'t know how these things aggregate, but we will probably find risks and problems in aggregating things that have already been aggregated
2016-03-01T19:39:47 <alanharnum> although, arguably, something like that should be a build/deploy step, not a part of application functionality
2016-03-01T19:40:11 <alanharnum> i\'ve gotten myself into trouble in the past by doing things that were really one-time things that could be done on build/deploy as part of the application
2016-03-01T19:40:34 <Bosmon> As an early, quick fix we might "go for broke" and simply state that i) EVERYTHING loaded via fluid.module.register ends up being loaded statically, and ii) punt the rest to browserify
2016-03-01T19:40:53 <alanharnum> usually in situations where I didn\'t have access or influence over the build/deploy steps
2016-03-01T19:41:38 <alanharnum> yeah, i like "punt the rest to browserify" myself
2016-03-01T19:41:58 <Bosmon> This ends up costing us virtually nothing in the way of configuration or infrastructure
2016-03-01T19:42:01 * clown has quit
2016-03-01T19:44:31 <alanharnum> i like doing the simplest thing that works in this situation
2016-03-01T19:44:47 <alanharnum> because based on my last few days of looking at this, the front-end dependency space is a mess right now
2016-03-01T19:45:09 <alanharnum> basically resembling the Mad Max: Fury Road setting
2016-03-01T19:49:59 <Ioan_> Hello! My name is John, and I\'m interested in joining your crew for the GSOC 2016 program. I have a bachelor\'s degree in computer science and I\'m currently pursuing a master\'s degree in IT Security. I\'ve looked through your project list and "Implement User Interface / Learner Options Responsive Design" seems very approachable for me. I  would like to know how can I start as soon as possible to get involved in this, and how can I use my creativity to help F
2016-03-01T19:49:59 <Ioan_> luid Project. It would be my first time entering GSoC program so any help or tips towards this is very welcome. Thanks!
'

b'2016-03-01T13:56:08 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-01T13:56:38 * richardschwerdtf has quit
2016-03-01T14:03:55 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-01T14:04:20 * bens__ joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:05:38 <bens__> Justin_o, site updated with the final confirmation panel phrasing and is live at http://first-discovery.mybluemix.net/demos/prefsServerIntegration/. I think this is the last push
2016-03-01T14:06:05 <bens__> Justin_o, FYI, only change on the phrasing was spelling out "words per minute" vs "wpm"
2016-03-01T14:14:13 * richardschwerdtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:15:22 * richardschwerdtf has quit
2016-03-01T14:18:44 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:19:54 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T14:24:03 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o - thanks for helping out prastut
2016-03-01T14:24:37 <Justin_o> bens__: that\'s great, thanks for letting me know
2016-03-01T14:24:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: np
2016-03-01T14:25:59 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:26:22 <bens__> hi Bosmon, would you like a PR for the gpii-binder initiated to the-t-in-rtf\'s repo its based on?
2016-03-01T14:26:58 <Bosmon> bens__ - it\'s a question for the-t-in-rtf but I imagine he would
2016-03-01T14:27:10 <Bosmon> I think we are deciding to continue with jquery.simulate tests for simple cases such as this
2016-03-01T14:27:15 <Bosmon> I\'m actually on a call with him right now....
2016-03-01T14:28:08 <bens__> Bosmon, i need to update the README.md and will send one, even if just to easily link to the concept and one way of implementing 1way text binding
2016-03-01T14:28:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:29:19 <Bosmon> bens__ - cheers
2016-03-01T14:30:22 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, I am talking more long-term, something that would enable simulating a full range of interactions without just finding elements and firing the relevant events.
2016-03-01T14:30:33 <the-t-in-rtf> Keep going with QUnit and jquery.simulate for now.
2016-03-01T14:32:09 <bens__> the-t-in-rtf, ok great, thats how i\'ve done the additional tests
2016-03-01T14:35:33 * richardschwerdtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:45:33 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:46:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:50:43 * anvk joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:55:00 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-03-01T14:56:32 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-01T15:03:28 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-01T15:08:34 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-01T15:13:24 <alanharnum> i feel like i\'m stuck in a rabbithole on this despite not wanting to be, but this is a helpful post on trying to comprehend the front-end dependency management space for Javascript: http://blog.namangoel.com/browserify-vs-webpack-js-drama
2016-03-01T15:15:27 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-01T15:16:37 <Justin_o> danayo: seems like we already have students looking at our project ideas, if you have time today, could you add your project idea to the ideas page?
2016-03-01T15:17:01 <danayo> yes Justin_o, it\'s on the top of my list! :)
2016-03-01T15:18:13 <Justin_o> danayo: thanks :)
2016-03-01T15:18:55 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-01T15:19:31 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T15:19:31 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T15:21:00 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T15:21:19 <danayo> Justin_o: can I put you down as tech mentor?
2016-03-01T15:21:29 <danayo> (and myself as design mentor)
2016-03-01T15:23:23 <bens__> Justin_o, qq about workflow with docs-first-discovery, looks like the gh-pages are generated by docpad, so we should be updating/adding the markdown files based off the master branch, not gh-pages branch directly?
2016-03-01T15:23:55 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-01T15:29:49 <danayo> Justin_o: I added a bare bones description to the wiki page - could use some help describing the tech aspects
2016-03-01T15:30:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T15:47:34 * richardschwerdtf has quit
2016-03-01T15:51:20 <Justin_o> danayo: sorry, missed that.. yes you can put me down as a tech mentor
2016-03-01T15:51:32 <Justin_o> i\'ll take a look at the project idea as well.. thanks for adding it
2016-03-01T15:52:05 <Justin_o> bens__: yes, that\'s correct. You should add the content in markdown and docpad will generate the html from that
2016-03-01T15:53:49 <bens__> Justin_o, got it working, thx!
2016-03-01T15:56:26 <bens__> Justin_o, looking at JIRA now. Project = GPII, Issue Type = story|task|bug (we\'ll map from track & plan); Components = First Discovery; Affects Version = PGA0003. That looks sufficient to me but any other JIRA fields we should set?
2016-03-01T15:59:22 <Justin_o> Summary, Description, and Environment
2016-03-01T15:59:25 <Justin_o> bens__: ^
2016-03-01T15:59:34 <Justin_o> and maybe drop a link the Pull Request in the description i guess
2016-03-01T16:00:16 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T16:00:20 <Justin_o> i guess you could set the priority too, but i can\'t think of anything else
2016-03-01T16:00:22 <Justin_o> bens__: ^
2016-03-01T16:01:55 <bens__> Justin_o, sounds good. I\'ll map as many fields from the track & plan as possible (like priority).
2016-03-01T16:02:11 <Justin_o> bens__: cool thanks
2016-03-01T16:03:07 <Justin_o> bens__: is the track and plan publicly accessible.. i wonder if it makes sense to also put a link back to the original ticket so that we can keep track of the history and etc.
2016-03-01T16:03:31 <bens__> Justin_o, it is, good idea
2016-03-01T16:03:48 <Justin_o> bens__: cool thanks
2016-03-01T16:04:54 <bens__> i\'ve opened the PR to gpii/first-discovery so we can reference as well
2016-03-01T16:10:41 <Justin_o> bens__: thanks for filing that
2016-03-01T16:11:12 <Justin_o> bens__: is the deployed version automatically pulled in from the sprint3-integration branch?
2016-03-01T16:11:30 <Justin_o> bens__: just asking in case your team is able to start addressing code review comments this week
2016-03-01T16:13:25 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T16:13:49 <bens__> Justin_o, no i\'ve disabled auto builds for the demo site as a precaution for the usability test
2016-03-01T16:14:22 <bens__> Justin_o, the deployed version is based on commit 344530e2bed3653126d29e1e1763d089f2451f5b which happens to be current with the sprint3-integration branch now
2016-03-01T16:16:06 <Justin_o> bens__: thanks, i wonder if you might want to tag that revision. Just incase we need to look something up later
2016-03-01T16:16:52 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-01T16:43:11 <Justin_o> avtar, alanharnum: you guys might be interested in these thread https://github.com/GPII/gpii-binder/pull/1/files#r53979366 depending on how it affects the QI related work.
2016-03-01T16:43:22 * Jess_ has quit
2016-03-01T16:44:34 <alanharnum> thanks Justin_o - that could impact us yeah
2016-03-01T16:46:13 <avtar> Justin_o: thanks
2016-03-01T16:46:33 <Justin_o> alanharnum, avtar: np
2016-03-01T16:52:20 <jhung> colinclark: I\'m done adding the Nexus section to the P4A Architecture doc. I\'d like to do a final formatting pass before handing it to you. Do you have any ETA on the Executive Summary, and the Developer Space Architecture sections?
2016-03-01T16:52:34 <colinclark> jhung: That\'s so great
2016-03-01T16:52:44 <colinclark> The Developer Space architecture will be added by Gregg and Till
2016-03-01T16:52:49 <colinclark> so we should send them the document with that section empty
2016-03-01T16:53:23 <jhung> ok. In that case I\'ll do my final pass on the doc now and email it to you colinclark.
2016-03-01T16:53:52 <colinclark> If you finish up the formatting, I can insert the executive summary into the document this afternoon when all my meetings are done and the ship it off to Europe
2016-03-01T16:53:58 <colinclark> thanks so much, jhung
2016-03-01T16:54:06 <jhung> np
2016-03-01T16:54:51 <simonjb> colinclark, Bosmon: would you have time for a quick vidyo chat?
2016-03-01T16:55:48 <colinclark> yup
2016-03-01T16:55:50 <colinclark> your room?
2016-03-01T16:55:59 <simonjb> yep
2016-03-01T16:59:09 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-03-01T17:01:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T17:03:12 <simonjb> colinclark, Bosmon, michelled, gtirloni: would 2pm EST work to have a GPII security checkin?
2016-03-01T17:03:49 <gtirloni> simonjb: works for me
2016-03-01T17:03:54 <michelled> yep, works for me
2016-03-01T17:03:55 <colinclark> yup
2016-03-01T17:04:03 <Bosmon> Which day is this
2016-03-01T17:04:06 <simonjb> today
2016-03-01T17:04:11 <Bosmon> Today!
2016-03-01T17:04:15 <simonjb> TODAY!
2016-03-01T17:04:20 <Bosmon> I could make the first half hour of that
2016-03-01T17:04:41 <simonjb> ok, great, it\'s on!
2016-03-01T17:04:43 <simonjb> thanks
2016-03-01T17:08:57 <michelled> fluid-everyone: Justin_o and I are currently organizing a list of issues for the Infusion 2.0 release. For issues that we feel we can push off to the future, do you think they should be marked for 2.1 or 3.0? In other words, what do you think the next release number for Infusion will be after 2.0?
2016-03-01T17:10:12 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T17:10:12 <avtar> michelled: 2.1 sounds about right for issues related to the 2.0 release and not significant enough to warrant a major revision bump
2016-03-01T17:10:48 <Bosmon> I never understand the silly rules for these things : P
2016-03-01T17:11:01 <Bosmon> Some of this depends on whether we get this pull in before or after the relese
2016-03-01T17:11:02 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/671
2016-03-01T17:11:05 <simonjb> are we using http://semver.org/
2016-03-01T17:11:18 <simonjb> that could give us some guidance
2016-03-01T17:11:23 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T17:11:31 <Bosmon> simonjb - I imagine we are, but I have never been able to understand the actual meaning of the semver spec : P
2016-03-01T17:11:38 <simonjb> :)
2016-03-01T17:12:01 <Justin_o> simonjb, Bosmon: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Fluid+Versioning+Scheme
2016-03-01T17:12:02 <Bosmon> If it is interpreted in any even slightly literal way, it seems to imply that you have to make a major version bump whenever it is possible that any previously working code might stop working
2016-03-01T17:12:09 <Bosmon> But I don\'t see any project that literally adheres to this
2016-03-01T17:12:21 <Bosmon> All this relates to the endless CS shibboleth of a "specification".......
2016-03-01T17:18:18 <colinclark> Bosmon: I believe I could get #671 into the repo for 2.0 if we are wililng to pay the testing costs
2016-03-01T17:18:20 <colinclark> i.e. today
2016-03-01T17:18:30 * abhibansal53 joined the channel
2016-03-01T17:18:52 <abhibansal53> Hi,i am new and want to contribute.Can anybody get me started?
2016-03-01T17:18:59 <Bosmon> colinclark - wow, that would be awesome
2016-03-01T17:19:02 <colinclark> HI abhibansal53, welcome
2016-03-01T17:19:09 <Bosmon> I\'ll try and write the docs for it this evening
2016-03-01T17:19:10 <colinclark> What kinds of things are you interested in contributing to?
2016-03-01T17:19:37 <colinclark> Bosmon: Okay, if you make me a prioritized list, I will spent my post-simonjb time reviewing pull requests today
2016-03-01T17:19:40 <colinclark> and we\'ll freaking ship it
2016-03-01T17:19:40 <Bosmon> As the comments on #671 note, this makes a backward-incompatible change to the model transformation system
2016-03-01T17:19:56 <colinclark> will it regress key applications?
2016-03-01T17:20:06 <Bosmon> colinclark - I\'m not aware of any applications it will regress
2016-03-01T17:20:13 <colinclark> ok
2016-03-01T17:20:14 <Bosmon> And the behaviour it regresses has never been properly documented
2016-03-01T17:20:26 <colinclark> 2.0 is a good moment for such a change, then
2016-03-01T17:20:31 <Bosmon> It\'s possible that a GPII solutions entry may regress, but I am steering that in GPII-1318 anyway
2016-03-01T17:21:08 <colinclark> ok
2016-03-01T17:22:45 <gtirloni> if we ever adopt codenames for the releases, please make 3.11\'s be "for workgroups"
2016-03-01T17:22:46 * gtirloni runs
2016-03-01T17:23:08 <colinclark> hahaha
2016-03-01T17:27:06 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-03-01T17:29:17 <abhibansal53> i know javascript,html and css.So i\'ll like to work on any project related to these.
2016-03-01T17:32:45 <colinclark> abhibansal53: I\'m assuming you\'re interested in the Google Summer of Code project, which is why you are looking for ways to contribute? If so, we\'ve got a wiki page here with some projects we are running for GSoC: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2016+with+the+Fluid+Project
2016-03-01T17:33:00 <colinclark> So you can read through these and start to think through how you might apply for them
2016-03-01T17:34:37 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2016-03-01T17:35:09 <abhibansal53> ok,thanx
2016-03-01T17:35:56 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-01T17:37:46 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-01T17:39:50 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T17:41:26 <abhibansal53> i am interested in first project idea - Game for First Discovery of Preferences.Can anybody guide me how to proceed with it?
2016-03-01T17:49:18 * colinclark_ joined the channel
'

b'2016-03-01T00:01:48 <Bosmon> colinclark - It\'s INTTEGGRATED
2016-03-01T00:01:55 <Bosmon> I rebalanced the section headings a little
2016-03-01T00:01:58 <Bosmon> Up to 9 pages now...
2016-03-01T00:02:12 <colinclark> awesome!
2016-03-01T00:02:21 <colinclark> do you feel that there is any particular material missing?
2016-03-01T00:02:54 <Bosmon> Well, I feel that the link between design and technological tools is a little uneven
2016-03-01T00:03:05 <Bosmon> For understandable reasons, this feels a little like a paper designed by a committee :)
2016-03-01T00:03:28 <Bosmon> I took the original section named "Design and Technological Tools" and simply renamed it "Design Tools"
2016-03-01T00:03:38 <Bosmon> Even though it appeals a little forward to technological tools
2016-03-01T00:04:35 <colinclark> yeah
2016-03-01T00:04:37 <colinclark> that\'s ok
2016-03-01T00:04:40 <colinclark> I\'ll see what I can do with it
2016-03-01T00:04:53 <colinclark> I\'ll need ot get my LaTeX toolchain working again
2016-03-01T00:05:05 <Bosmon> Did anything make it stop?
2016-03-01T00:07:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T00:09:25 <colinclark> yes, I upgraded to a new laptop
2016-03-01T00:09:35 <colinclark> Bosmon: "a rigid design focus on typical or mainstream requirements while explicitly de-prioritizing the ``edge cases\'\' of outlying, marginal needs %\\cite{Cooper80}. - can\'t find this reference"
2016-03-01T00:09:43 <colinclark> I guess this is an artefact of my MLA-style citations
2016-03-01T00:09:59 * richardschwerdtf has quit
2016-03-01T00:10:15 <colinclark> The Cooper reference should be page 80 of {Cooper2007}
2016-03-01T00:10:20 <Bosmon> ah ok
2016-03-01T00:10:28 <colinclark> does one do special page citations in this kind of a template?
2016-03-01T00:10:42 <Bosmon> I don\'t believe so
2016-03-01T00:10:44 <colinclark> I notice that a lot the HCI/CompSci papers that cite Flocking never cite page numbers
2016-03-01T00:10:48 <Bosmon> It\'s a pretty loose kind of template
2016-03-01T00:10:54 <Bosmon> One of the "low-grade" ones
2016-03-01T00:10:56 <colinclark> and it can be very confusing, since it\'s not clear what they are actually citing
2016-03-01T00:11:10 <Bosmon> We can easily add qualifying info into the citations block at the end
2016-03-01T00:11:36 <colinclark> how should we do that?
2016-03-01T00:11:51 <Bosmon> Just by adding "pp. 80" or whatever into the text of the citation
2016-03-01T00:11:56 <colinclark> okay, I\'ll do that
2016-03-01T00:12:01 <Bosmon> The citation system we\'ve been given is completely loose
2016-03-01T00:12:10 <Bosmon> The more high-grade ones will import a structured .bib file
2016-03-01T00:12:14 <Bosmon> Or .bbl file, I forget
2016-03-01T00:12:29 <colinclark> right
2016-03-01T00:12:56 <colinclark> I guess this is one of these basic differences in disciplines
2016-03-01T00:13:19 <colinclark> I would get absolutely blasted for not citing the precise location in a text by my committee
2016-03-01T00:13:27 <colinclark> Unless making very general statements
2016-03-01T00:18:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T00:20:47 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-01T00:23:54 * richardschwerdtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T00:36:53 <prastut> colinclark: I wish to ask questions. Can you tell me when is a suitable time to ask you?
2016-03-01T00:39:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T00:46:08 <prastut> colinclark: Opened PR #672
2016-03-01T00:46:10 <prastut> Please review
2016-03-01T00:53:42 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T01:05:55 * prastut has quit
2016-03-01T01:08:07 * richardschwerdtf has quit
2016-03-01T01:08:41 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T01:12:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T01:13:07 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-01T01:24:25 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T01:28:06 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T01:31:57 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-01T01:34:16 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T01:39:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T01:56:46 * prastut joined the channel
2016-03-01T01:59:46 * prastut has quit
2016-03-01T02:00:01 * prastut joined the channel
2016-03-01T02:06:08 * prastut has quit
2016-03-01T02:06:16 * prastut joined the channel
2016-03-01T02:33:44 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T02:36:23 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T02:56:41 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T03:01:47 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-01T03:22:47 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-01T03:27:25 * yzen has quit
2016-03-01T03:35:51 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T03:37:07 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T03:38:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:04:31 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:13:33 * prastut has quit
2016-03-01T04:13:57 * prastut joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:17:43 * avtar joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:21:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:25:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:29:24 * ghoshbinayak joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:32:48 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:36:40 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:37:56 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T04:44:29 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T04:48:54 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-01T04:54:21 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-01T05:37:45 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T05:38:45 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T06:32:33 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T06:37:17 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-01T06:38:10 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T06:39:41 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T07:02:42 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-01T07:13:27 * ghoshbinayak has quit
2016-03-01T07:14:06 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T07:15:06 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T08:03:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T08:14:45 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T08:15:46 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T08:20:41 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T08:25:22 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-01T08:27:59 * prastut has quit
2016-03-01T08:50:43 * ghoshbinayak joined the channel
2016-03-01T09:14:57 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T09:16:27 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T09:59:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-01T10:08:47 * ghoshbinayak has quit
2016-03-01T10:15:42 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T10:16:58 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T11:16:30 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T11:18:00 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T11:30:48 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-01T11:56:51 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T12:01:31 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-01T12:03:26 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-01T12:09:32 * bens01 has quit
2016-03-01T12:09:40 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-01T12:10:03 <gabrielmancini> hello guys
2016-03-01T12:17:13 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T12:18:14 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T12:25:33 <Justin_o> gabrielmancini: hello
2016-03-01T12:27:08 <gabrielmancini> this channel is about fluid right? but untill now i dont understend well what fluid is. some one can brief me?
2016-03-01T12:28:07 <gabrielmancini> just a fell words.
2016-03-01T12:33:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-01T12:37:06 * prastut joined the channel
2016-03-01T12:37:51 * prastut has quit
2016-03-01T12:43:31 * jhung joined the channel
2016-03-01T12:54:27 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-01T12:59:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-01T13:00:10 * richardschwerdtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T13:04:22 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-01T13:04:48 <Justin_o> gabrielmancini: sorry, missed your reply
2016-03-01T13:04:54 <Justin_o> perhaps this will help http://fluidproject.org/about.html
2016-03-01T13:10:37 * richardschwerdtf has quit
2016-03-01T13:11:23 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o - prastut has run into some problems testing his branch for FLUID-3258
2016-03-01T13:11:37 <Bosmon> Do you think we have instructions written up on how someone who makes a pull request can test it?
2016-03-01T13:12:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think there\'s documentation in the README about how to run the unit tests https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion#how-do-i-run-tests
2016-03-01T13:13:05 <Justin_o> then there are the manual test plans in the wiki https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Testing+Fluid+Components
2016-03-01T13:13:19 <Bosmon> Justin_o - this doesn\'t seem to cover how to test demos?
2016-03-01T13:13:21 <Justin_o> but that\'s all i can think of at the moment... were you looking for something more specific?
2016-03-01T13:13:43 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, something that contains a set of instructions that prastut could follow to verify that the demo he has modified actually works
2016-03-01T13:13:48 <Bosmon> Do you think you could comment on his pull?
2016-03-01T13:13:57 <Justin_o> sure i could do that
2016-03-01T13:14:13 * richardschwerdtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T13:16:02 * richardschwerdtf has quit
2016-03-01T13:17:58 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-03-01T13:19:07 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-03-01T13:20:34 * richardschwerdtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T13:21:41 * richardschwerdtf has quit
2016-03-01T13:36:24 * richardschwerdtf joined the channel
2016-03-01T13:37:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-01T13:37:36 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-01T13:44:28 * kasparnet joined the channel
'

