b"2016-01-06T15:34:37 <zamcnema> Justin_o: the preview pane is going to open on one of the next buttons or just stay open entirely
2016-01-06T15:35:00 <simonjb> and for the web sockets, it's been really clear how to bind to points in the protocol communication (bind vs receive message) and send messages
2016-01-06T15:36:13 <Justin_o> zamcnema: okay, so making it a sibling of the prefsEditor and help button should be fine.
2016-01-06T15:37:41 <simonjb> Bosmon: in case it's useful and you haven't used it (or maybe you have a better suggestion?), I've been doing web socket testing with https://github.com/websockets/wscat
2016-01-06T15:38:42 <simonjb> https://github.com/websockets/wscat/blob/master/bin/wscat#L104-L116
2016-01-06T15:40:31 <Bosmon> Thanks, simonjb
2016-01-06T15:40:54 * jtworkme has quit
2016-01-06T15:42:46 * slim_ has quit
2016-01-06T15:59:35 * jhernand1z has quit
2016-01-06T16:01:05 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-06T16:11:03 * justin_dubs joined the channel
2016-01-06T16:27:40 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-01-06T16:40:37 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-06T16:40:53 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-06T16:46:48 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-06T16:47:24 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-06T16:48:28 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-06T16:50:33 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-06T16:54:13 <Justin_o> jhung: i was just looking at the foot rub description table https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/PhET+John+Travoltage+Simulation+Design
2016-01-06T16:54:31 <Justin_o> in terms of the quantity
2016-01-06T16:54:54 <Justin_o> is that the amount that was gained from that rubbing action, or the total charge accumulated
2016-01-06T16:54:56 <Justin_o> ?
2016-01-06T16:57:08 <jhung> Justin_o: it's supposed to be describing the amount gained.
2016-01-06T16:57:34 <Justin_o> jhung: in total, or on that move of the foot?
2016-01-06T16:58:29 <jhung> on that move. hmmm wait. I see the issue now.
2016-01-06T16:58:42 <jhung> it will always be a small amount gained, right?
2016-01-06T16:59:14 <Justin_o> jhung: probably, it might be a bit more if they use the home/end keys
2016-01-06T17:01:25 <jhung> I wonder then if it is even necessary to have a foot description Justin_o? It doesn't seem terrible useful.
2016-01-06T17:02:55 <kasparnet> Bosmon, jhernandez, sgithens: arhc meeting
2016-01-06T17:03:10 <Bosmon> kasparnet - coming
2016-01-06T17:09:35 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2016-01-06T17:10:03 <Justin_o> jhung_away: hmm.. good question
2016-01-06T17:10:16 <Justin_o> okay.. i'll start with the hand then and we can think if the foot is necessary
2016-01-06T17:21:24 <anastasiac> Justin_o, sepidehshahi, alanharnum: interesting rock climbing video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAB9-VGIkzM ;-)
2016-01-06T17:26:10 <Justin_o> anastasiac: whoa, i didn't know they could do that
2016-01-06T17:27:03 <anastasiac> neither did I! billy goats, maybe\xe2\x80\xa6https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jFt7VeKRfj0
2016-01-06T17:27:11 * anastasiac has left the channel
2016-01-06T17:27:28 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-06T17:29:48 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i still don't understand how that works.
2016-01-06T17:30:02 <anastasiac> :-)
2016-01-06T17:30:27 * justin_dubs has quit
2016-01-06T17:37:35 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2016-01-06T17:56:11 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-06T17:57:50 <Justin_o> jhung: i am working on the hand description. I'm realizing now that as you move the hand across there is a point towards the end of the slider where the hand starts to move back towards the door knob. I wonder if this will be confusing. Maybe it would be clearer to have the mid point be the doorknob and the start and end be the furthest distance
2016-01-06T17:58:10 <Justin_o> i know that this somewhat breaks the clock metaphor you were going for, but what do you think?
2016-01-06T17:59:34 <jhung> Should be okay Justin_o. This is sort of what Emily was suggesting we'd try as an alternative, except she suggested having one extreme closest and the other end farthest.
2016-01-06T18:00:12 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-06T18:12:46 * kasparnet has quit
2016-01-06T18:15:03 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-06T18:15:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-06T18:22:52 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-06T18:30:34 * cindyli has quit
2016-01-06T18:32:25 * simonjb has quit
2016-01-06T18:35:20 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-06T18:42:22 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o - I merged your first discovery docs pull request and created a JIRA for the underlying option name issue at https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1547
2016-01-06T18:42:30 <Bosmon> THanks for all your hard work on preparing them!
2016-01-06T18:47:07 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-01-06T18:56:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-06T19:11:35 <anastasiac> Bosmon: are you able to push the updated FD docs to the gh-pages branch so that the new content is public?
2016-01-06T19:19:43 <Bosmon> Thanks anastasiac - now pushed
2016-01-06T19:20:26 <anastasiac> Thanks, Bosmon and Justin_o! beautiful...
2016-01-06T19:26:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks so much
2016-01-06T19:26:51 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-06T19:26:58 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-06T19:36:05 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-06T19:36:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-06T19:36:44 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-01-06T19:36:53 <michelled> https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1Uj0uKGJ88VjBK8Qhe4gEzXevQQuEx4L1VN6baVAvxjk/edit
2016-01-06T19:38:44 * cindyli has quit
2016-01-06T19:39:33 * yzen joined the channel
2016-01-06T19:41:57 <michelled> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ETvHS76E0vNNExfBOKFnrUAYacdlaaOWSDb07IWXvCI/edit
2016-01-06T19:48:14 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-06T20:02:17 * zamcnema joined the channel
2016-01-06T20:08:44 * cindyli1 has quit
2016-01-06T20:21:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-06T20:28:00 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-06T20:30:24 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-06T21:00:33 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-06T21:02:11 * brendan_d has quit
2016-01-06T21:04:20 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-06T21:04:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-06T21:15:19 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-06T21:16:33 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-06T21:16:56 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-06T21:17:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-06T21:20:27 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-06T21:23:04 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-06T21:29:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-06T21:40:02 <Justin_o> jhung: sorry to have drifted away there... so you are okay with the suggestion of having the doorknob be towards the middle
2016-01-06T21:42:09 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-06T21:42:43 <jhung> Sure. In that case I think we would use a different scale - maybe 0 to 100 and 50 being closest?
2016-01-06T21:42:48 <jhung> ^Justin_o
2016-01-06T21:43:23 <Justin_o> jhung: sure, what about the foot still a scale of 0 to 30 or would you prefer 0 to 50
2016-01-06T21:44:39 <jhung> 0 to 30 is fine for the foot Justin_o
2016-01-06T21:44:57 <Justin_o> jhung: okay
2016-01-06T21:46:04 <jhung> thanks Justin_o
2016-01-06T21:48:59 * jhung has quit
2016-01-06T22:04:40 * Justin_o_ joined the channel
2016-01-06T22:05:21 * anvk joined the channel
2016-01-06T22:05:35 * Justin_o has quit
2016-01-06T22:11:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-06T22:44:33 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-01-06T22:49:03 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-06T22:49:12 * michelled has quit
2016-01-06T22:50:35 * yzen_ has quit
2016-01-06T22:59:44 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-01-06T23:04:27 * danayo has quit
2016-01-06T23:04:50 * amatas has quit
2016-01-06T23:17:39 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-06T23:29:35 * danayo has quit
2016-01-06T23:35:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-06T23:47:01 * alanharnum has quit
"

b'2016-01-06T00:02:17 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-01-06T00:05:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-01-06T00:06:56 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-06T00:07:25 * yzen_ has quit
2016-01-06T00:12:36 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-06T00:18:53 * danayo has quit
2016-01-06T00:21:46 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-06T01:25:59 * jtworkme has quit
2016-01-06T01:47:47 * Jess_ has quit
2016-01-06T05:28:43 * yzen joined the channel
2016-01-06T06:53:43 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-01-06T06:58:45 * yzen_ has quit
2016-01-06T08:02:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-06T08:03:36 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-06T08:34:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-06T09:16:42 * kasparnet has quit
2016-01-06T09:39:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-06T09:44:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-06T10:11:07 * amatas joined the channel
2016-01-06T11:55:50 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-06T12:14:19 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-06T12:38:49 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-06T12:53:22 * jhernand1z joined the channel
2016-01-06T12:53:46 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-06T12:55:07 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-06T13:08:42 * zamcnema joined the channel
2016-01-06T13:23:48 * brendan_d joined the channel
2016-01-06T13:27:46 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-01-06T13:41:07 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-06T13:49:30 * kasparnet has quit
2016-01-06T13:53:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:03:01 * yzen joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:03:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:04:28 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:06:24 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-06T14:07:37 * jtworkme joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:11:36 * jessm joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:14:49 <Justin_o> jhung: i got the john travoltage html version working with VoiceOver on iOS. Seems you need to use the "change" event instead of the "input" event for that case too. So I\'m using both "input" and "change" events to trigger the same thing.
2016-01-06T14:15:44 <jhung> Justin_o: ok good to know. Does this affect the behaviour on desktop in any way?
2016-01-06T14:15:57 <Justin_o> jhung: not that i could tell
2016-01-06T14:16:11 * jessm has quit
2016-01-06T14:16:30 <Justin_o> Safari with VoiceOver on Mac OS does repeat the value text for the sliders.. it reads it twice, but this happened before i made this change anyways.
2016-01-06T14:16:35 * jessm joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:16:55 <Justin_o> will try to look into that a bit later, i\'m going to try to get the descriptions working now
2016-01-06T14:17:05 <Justin_o> jhung: ^
2016-01-06T14:18:36 <jhung> ok thanks Justin_o.
2016-01-06T14:30:59 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:32:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:33:52 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:36:57 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:37:41 * danayo has quit
2016-01-06T14:38:06 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-01-06T14:42:30 * yzen_ has quit
2016-01-06T14:43:35 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:46:59 <Justin_o> jhung: can you remind me when we want the description to be updated?
2016-01-06T14:47:07 <Justin_o> jhung: or we can chat about it over vidyo
2016-01-06T14:47:25 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-06T14:47:53 <jhung> sure Justin_o give me a minute to finish an email.
2016-01-06T14:48:49 <Justin_o> jhung: okay
2016-01-06T14:50:44 <cindyli> good morning, Bosmon
2016-01-06T14:52:45 <cindyli> i\'m working on merging ur GPII-1318 branch into my GPII-1245 branch. while trying out your branch, i noticed running "node all-tests.js" under universal/tests fails. the error i received:
2016-01-06T14:52:47 <cindyli> 09:48:43.390:  Sending a GET request to: /user/chrome2/logout on port 8081
2016-01-06T14:52:47 <cindyli> 09:48:43.391:  Invoking handler gpii.flowManager.userLogout.handler for route /user/:userToken/logout with expectedGrade kettle.request.http
2016-01-06T14:52:47 <cindyli> 09:48:43.393:  Kettle server allocated request object with type gpii.flowManager.userLogout.handler
2016-01-06T14:52:47 <cindyli> 09:48:43.393:  No stop actions defined for solution org.chrome.cloud4chrome
2016-01-06T14:52:47 <cindyli> 09:48:43.394:  Lifecycle manager returned: true
2016-01-06T14:52:47 <cindyli> 09:48:43.395:  Sending a GET request to: /user/chrome2/logout on port 8081
2016-01-06T14:52:47 <cindyli> Assertion failed: (!write_in_progress_ && "write in progress"), function Close, file ../src/node_zlib.cc, line 86.
2016-01-06T14:52:48 <cindyli> Abort trap: 6
2016-01-06T14:53:35 <cindyli> not sure if it\'s my setup isn\'t correct or a code bug
2016-01-06T14:53:46 <cindyli> the way i use ur GPII-1318 branch:
2016-01-06T14:53:58 <cindyli> 1. checkout and switch to GPII-1318
2016-01-06T14:54:29 <cindyli> 2. in /universal directory, run "npm install", then "grunt dedupe-infusion"
2016-01-06T14:54:44 <cindyli> 3. then go to /tests directory, run "node all-tests.js"
2016-01-06T14:54:56 <cindyli> Bosmon: did i miss something?
2016-01-06T14:55:05 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:57:18 <Bosmon> cindyli - perhaps you missed the requirement to run it with node 4.2.1?
2016-01-06T14:57:30 <Bosmon> Or 4.2.x in general
2016-01-06T14:57:36 <cindyli> ah ha
2016-01-06T14:58:20 <cindyli> upgrading..
2016-01-06T14:58:30 * yzen joined the channel
2016-01-06T14:59:07 <simonjb> hey Bosmon, happy new year! would you have a little time to chat Nexus?
2016-01-06T14:59:58 <cindyli> Bosmon: do you use nvm (node version management) to manage multiple versions of node?
2016-01-06T15:00:16 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ve got an initial websockets implementation working and wanted to run some things by you
2016-01-06T15:05:17 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-06T15:07:04 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-06T15:07:16 <Bosmon> cindyli - I don\'t
2016-01-06T15:07:24 <Bosmon> I just use that well-known command-line tool "cp" : P
2016-01-06T15:07:32 <Bosmon> simonjb - sure - and Happy New Year!
2016-01-06T15:09:26 <simonjb> Bosmon: great, thanks; here\'s the code: https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/master/src/Nexus.js
2016-01-06T15:09:50 <simonjb> Bosmon: the bind handler starts line 83
2016-01-06T15:09:51 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-06T15:10:49 <zamcnema> I\'m looking at the first discovery tool and comparing it to the link you linked me(Justin_o) for the PrefsEditor.js file. In FDT We ahve the firstDiscoveryEditor which I assume is the equivilent file. In the fdt should the preview be included as part of the components like the prefsEditor and help button are or should it be its own separate instantiation?
2016-01-06T15:11:06 <zamcnema> I saw that the components on the fdt are all separated out into thier own files and then called in, I think thats what I need to do with the preferences editor preview, but I\'m not 100% sure
2016-01-06T15:11:23 <simonjb> my first question is on overall approach -- I\'m attaching a model listener at onBindWs and then storing a reference to the bound component on the handler
2016-01-06T15:12:12 <simonjb> is this the right scope? am I right in thinking that the handler object is scoped to the web socket connection?
2016-01-06T15:12:29 <simonjb> one instance per web socket connection?
2016-01-06T15:12:43 <Bosmon> simonjb - that\'s correct, yes
2016-01-06T15:13:20 <Bosmon> This approach looks reasonable
2016-01-06T15:13:34 <simonjb> ok, great
2016-01-06T15:13:52 <simonjb> is a member the right place to store the bound component?
2016-01-06T15:14:10 <Bosmon> The current has a form of "bug" in that it will tend to recognise "boundComponent" as an actual subcomponent - e.g. for the purposes of resolving IoC references - it should be harmless as long as you take care not to write any references that might resolve onto it
2016-01-06T15:14:30 <Bosmon> Fixing this will be another part of the work in upcoming framework branch
2016-01-06T15:14:39 <simonjb> and should I store a reference to the component or is there something better? maybe the applier?
2016-01-06T15:14:51 <Justin_o> zamcnema: i think you should be able to do something similar to this https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/preferences/js/FullPreviewPrefsEditor.js#L31
2016-01-06T15:14:51 <Bosmon> No, I think this is the best we can do for now
2016-01-06T15:15:04 <Bosmon> If you were paranoid you could try storing it on a property nested two levels deep : P
2016-01-06T15:15:12 <Justin_o> zamcnema: that is, to use the preview component as a subcomponent of the prefsEditor subcomponent
2016-01-06T15:15:31 <Bosmon> That is, make a plain object member, say members: {componentHolder: {}}
2016-01-06T15:15:42 <simonjb> ok, cool
2016-01-06T15:15:45 <Bosmon> And then stick the component in componentHolder
2016-01-06T15:15:55 <Bosmon> Together with a reference to some relevant JIRA which I\'ll try to dig up now
2016-01-06T15:16:02 <Justin_o> zamcnema: although it might depend on where exactly you want it to be in the DOM. In the example we have, the preview is inside of the prefsEditor
2016-01-06T15:16:41 <simonjb> Bosmon: thanks, and what\'s the best way to look up the component by path? I have https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/master/src/Nexus.js#L119
2016-01-06T15:16:44 <Justin_o> zamcnema: but if you want it to be somewhere else you could try to make it a subcomponent at the same level as the help button and etc.
2016-01-06T15:17:44 <simonjb> Bosmon: in the Nexus API wiki page, we have "gpii.componentForPath(path)" but I couldn\'t find an existing method with that functionality
2016-01-06T15:17:55 <Justin_o> zamcnema: also you should have access to use the preview component https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/preferences/js/PrefsEditor.js#L478, so you could probably just use that rather than rewriting your own
2016-01-06T15:18:14 <cindyli> Bosmon: the node version was the cause of the problem. good catch. thanks :)
2016-01-06T15:18:39 <Bosmon> cindyli - awesome
2016-01-06T15:18:49 <Bosmon> simonjb - that\'s right, looks like that method didn\'t get implemented
2016-01-06T15:18:57 <Justin_o> zamcnema: does that help?
2016-01-06T15:19:19 <Bosmon> Your approach looks good for now - although we should support both strings and arrays as paths in future, as we do elsewhere in the framework
2016-01-06T15:19:52 <Bosmon> In theory fluid.get(fluid.rootComponent, path) would do this, although rather inefficiently and without any checking that the path actually referenced a component rather than some other kind of material
2016-01-06T15:20:16 <simonjb> ok, I\'ll package my current implementation into a new function
2016-01-06T15:20:23 <Bosmon> simonjb - awesome
2016-01-06T15:20:32 <Bosmon> It could even become a pull request to the framework :)
2016-01-06T15:21:01 <Bosmon> It wouldn\'t require much more fuel to get that much-needed (for us) commit access : P
2016-01-06T15:21:04 <simonjb> yes, definitely :) once it has all the right behaviour
2016-01-06T15:22:10 <zamcnema> Okay, that gives me something to go on for a while. the preview is supposed to be another object that will reflect the changes of selected preferences on the fdt.
2016-01-06T15:22:33 <Bosmon> simonjb - for "componentHolder" I think you can just refer to FLUID-4925 as a "catch-all" JIRA covering this kind of work...
2016-01-06T15:24:18 <simonjb> thanks for your help Bosmon -- one final question for now -- what\'s the best way of handling web socket connection termination and deregistering the model listener?
2016-01-06T15:24:53 <zamcnema> Justin_o: the preview is supposed to be its own little window that reflects the chnages to the preferences from the fdt. danayo linked me a good example picture.
2016-01-06T15:24:59 <zamcnema> Justin_o: https://www.dropbox.com/s/mvnh3sunrkjdpw3/FD%20preview%20panel%20tab%20sketch.pdf?dl=0
2016-01-06T15:26:35 <Bosmon> simonjb - this should be most neatly done by just attaching to the "onDestroy" event of the handler
2016-01-06T15:27:11 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon
2016-01-06T15:29:18 <simonjb> by the way Bosmon -- the new web sockets stuff in kettle is very easy to work with :)
2016-01-06T15:29:32 <Justin_o> zamcnema: i see.. i guess it\'ll depend on how exactly you want to implement it. Part of that is which template you\'ll put the container for the preview in. And how exactly that preview toggle (the eye) will work.
2016-01-06T15:29:59 <Bosmon> simonjb - cheers simonjb, thanks for the upvote :)
2016-01-06T15:30:31 <Justin_o> danayo, zamcnema: is the preview per adjuster or for the whole fd tool. That is to say, will every adjuster have its own preview window?
2016-01-06T15:30:40 <simonjb> yeah, I\'m really liking working with the updated kettle :)
2016-01-06T15:30:53 <simonjb> Bosmon: ^
2016-01-06T15:31:31 <Bosmon> Cheers - do let me know if anything doesn\'t seem to make sense
2016-01-06T15:31:42 <Bosmon> Which aspects of the implementation do you feel are helping you?
2016-01-06T15:32:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-06T15:33:12 <simonjb> Bosmon: I really like the explicit requestHandlers type naming of handler grades, rather than the previous implicit naming
2016-01-06T15:33:23 <Bosmon> Oh yes.... that was terrible
2016-01-06T15:33:36 <zamcnema> Justin_o: no, its a continuous preview for all of the preferences similar to what you had in the full page preview that you linked me,
2016-01-06T15:33:56 * slim_ joined the channel
2016-01-06T15:34:03 <zamcnema> Justin_o: the toggle is also being eliminated
2016-01-06T15:34:20 <Justin_o> zamcnema: ah okay
'

