b'2016-11-21T20:46:44 <cindyli> ok
2016-11-21T20:46:46 <Bosmon5> But I think we need to deal with the thousands of logs before we can merge this pull
2016-11-21T20:46:53 <Bosmon5> I\'ve manage to isolate the site that the error is logged from
2016-11-21T20:46:55 <Bosmon5> It is here: https://github.com/nolanlawson/pouchdb-all-dbs/blob/master/lib/index.js#L30
2016-11-21T20:47:25 <cindyli> ah ha
2016-11-21T20:47:34 <Bosmon5> This looks like a library of very low quality
2016-11-21T20:49:11 <Bosmon5> I imagine the actual trigger site is here: https://github.com/nolanlawson/pouchdb-all-dbs/blob/master/lib/index.js#L104
2016-11-21T20:49:42 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-11-21T20:50:23 <cindyli> such as deep tracking.. thanks, Bosmon5
2016-11-21T20:51:25 <Bosmon5> cindyli - it appears that the site of use of this library is within express-pouchdb here: https://github.com/pouchdb/express-pouchdb/blob/master/lib/index.js#L143
2016-11-21T20:51:39 <cindyli> right
2016-11-21T20:53:06 * David123_ has quit
2016-11-21T20:53:24 * David123_ joined the channel
2016-11-21T21:00:39 <Bosmon5> cindyli - ok, I have a "hot patch" for this issue : P
2016-11-21T21:00:49 <Bosmon5> I don\'t think you\'ll like it, but it is very effective :)
2016-11-21T21:00:51 <Bosmon5> https://gist.github.com/amb26/45337db0a838efe01883493a5a02a920
2016-11-21T21:01:26 <cindyli> a little hacky
2016-11-21T21:01:31 <Bosmon5> node.js\'s competence saves us from the incompetence of those who write libraries using it : P
2016-11-21T21:01:57 <Bosmon5> Imagine a system where you can hotpatch console.error : P
2016-11-21T21:02:06 <Bosmon5> Clearly no Computer Scientist designed such a system
2016-11-21T21:02:20 <Bosmon5> SInce it is clearly prone to "being used in ways other than the designer intended"
2016-11-21T21:03:01 <cindyli> that\'s cool. but it would hide some errors that you probably don\'t want to miss
2016-11-21T21:03:13 <colinclark> what a hack :)
2016-11-21T21:03:40 <Bosmon5> cindyli - what errors of type "PouchError" might we want to see? : P
2016-11-21T21:03:52 <Bosmon5> I guess I can refine it to explicitly just refuse the conflict errors
2016-11-21T21:04:22 <cindyli> yes, at the moment we are only seeing conflict
2016-11-21T21:05:45 <cindyli> if in the future our code introduces other pouchdb errors, we would miss those with this patch
2016-11-21T21:06:11 <cindyli> but i think we can apply this patch as a temp solution till we figure out the proper way to fix the conflict errors
2016-11-21T21:06:46 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-11-21T21:07:24 * kavya joined the channel
2016-11-21T21:10:52 <Bosmon5> Ok
2016-11-21T21:12:08 <Bosmon5> I\'ll update this patch and propose it as an inclusion for gpii-pouchdb
2016-11-21T21:12:52 <cindyli> that\'s great. thanks, Bosmon5
2016-11-21T21:14:47 <gloob> good night ladies and gentlemen
2016-11-21T21:15:04 <gloob> back to the trenches
2016-11-21T21:21:44 <colinclark> welcome back, gloob
2016-11-21T21:24:31 <gloob> o/
2016-11-21T21:34:19 * stegru joined the channel
2016-11-21T21:38:01 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-21T21:43:33 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T21:44:07 * jhung has quit
2016-11-21T21:50:33 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-21T21:51:11 * Jess_ has quit
2016-11-21T22:06:48 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-11-21T22:13:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T22:25:18 * stegru has quit
2016-11-21T22:28:57 * jhung has quit
2016-11-21T22:53:05 * danayo has quit
2016-11-21T22:53:25 * avtar has quit
2016-11-21T23:06:03 * David123_ has quit
2016-11-21T23:08:59 * Jess_ has quit
2016-11-21T23:16:44 * kavya has quit
2016-11-21T23:23:38 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-21T23:36:49 * amatas has quit
2016-11-21T23:40:08 * Justin_o has quit
'

b'2016-11-21T00:24:56 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-21T00:24:56 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-11-21T00:30:54 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-21T00:31:12 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-21T00:42:21 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-21T00:52:30 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-11-21T01:28:33 * sgithens has quit
2016-11-21T02:47:52 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-11-21T02:58:17 * sgithens has quit
2016-11-21T04:59:07 * danayo has quit
2016-11-21T07:40:07 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-21T07:48:37 * amatas joined the channel
2016-11-21T08:19:36 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-21T08:35:25 * stegru joined the channel
2016-11-21T09:39:44 * stegru has quit
2016-11-21T10:00:50 * stegru joined the channel
2016-11-21T12:12:30 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-21T13:18:24 * gtirloni has quit
2016-11-21T13:30:44 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-11-21T13:30:47 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-21T13:32:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-21T13:41:57 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:02:23 <amatas> gtirloni, do you know if we have ops meeting today? I don\'t know if today is holiday in Toronto
2016-11-21T14:02:47 <gtirloni> yes, we have it. i think we\'re missing avtar, colin and alejandro though
2016-11-21T14:03:06 * avtar joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:03:31 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:03:56 <amatas> and talking about avtar.. here he\'s
2016-11-21T14:03:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:04:45 <gtirloni> amatas avtar colinclark gloob: i\'ve unlocked my room
2016-11-21T14:04:52 <avtar> thanks
2016-11-21T14:04:53 <avtar> joinging
2016-11-21T14:04:56 <colinclark> alright
2016-11-21T14:04:57 <avtar> *joining
2016-11-21T14:05:01 <colinclark> be there in just a sec
2016-11-21T14:05:18 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:06:20 <amatas> I\'m searching my microphone, one sec
2016-11-21T14:10:14 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-11-21T14:26:24 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T14:26:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:30:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:34:58 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:36:50 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2016-11-21T14:38:08 * jhung_away has quit
2016-11-21T14:38:35 <cindyli> hi, the-t-in-rtf, i have a ouchdb meeting on my calendar for today 9:30
2016-11-21T14:38:55 <cindyli> are we still going to have the meeting?
2016-11-21T14:39:53 <cindyli> thanks for making changes for gpii-express and gpii-pouchdb. i will try it soon
2016-11-21T14:40:39 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, @cindyli, unless you need something else, let\'s work via chat this time.
2016-11-21T14:40:59 <cindyli> ok, the-t-in-rtf
2016-11-21T14:42:58 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T14:43:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:44:28 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf, Bosmon5: i\'m scheduling a meeting for GPII security on the topic of how to protect preferences server. can you fill out the poll when you have a chance - http://doodle.com/poll/74xw99xk8kgi654z
2016-11-21T14:44:31 <cindyli> thanks
2016-11-21T14:45:02 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T14:45:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:46:24 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T14:46:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:48:33 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-21T14:51:28 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T15:18:12 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-21T15:18:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-21T15:23:50 * kavya joined the channel
2016-11-21T15:38:20 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-21T15:48:46 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-21T15:48:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T15:52:57 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T15:57:03 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-21T15:59:10 * kavya has quit
2016-11-21T16:01:35 <Justin_o> michelled: what do you think of Bosmon5\'s comment on my Infusion-Docs PR. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/95/files/f2b608dd98fcd72570030dc1a0d429b95ccf519c#r88702018
2016-11-21T16:02:10 <Justin_o> I wonder if a wiki page or mailing list posting would be enough
2016-11-21T16:02:33 <Justin_o> what do you think? If not, I\'ll go ahead with moving it to the examples, but that will require us to do more testing. Although it shouldn\'t much work.
2016-11-21T16:04:18 <michelled> Justin_o:  I think I agree with him, but the timing is not great. I don\'t feel like we should be holding this release up any more.
2016-11-21T16:04:45 <michelled> it probably belongs in the examples.
2016-11-21T16:09:45 <Justin_o> michelled: okay thanks, for the chat. i don\'t disagree with that, but wanted to check with someone else as it would affect the release
2016-11-21T16:10:32 <michelled> yeah, it\'s too bad, but I think we should do it. since this was one of the important things about making a release at this time
2016-11-21T16:19:34 <Justin_o> michelled: yes, that\'s true
2016-11-21T16:19:50 <gtirloni> Justin_o: can you check if editing is working again in the wiki?
2016-11-21T16:19:59 * kavya joined the channel
2016-11-21T16:21:00 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yes, working now. thanks for fixing that
2016-11-21T16:21:07 <gtirloni> cool
2016-11-21T16:36:17 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-21T16:40:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-21T16:50:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T16:54:50 * kavya has quit
2016-11-21T16:54:57 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T16:55:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T16:58:06 * avtar has quit
2016-11-21T17:01:44 * danayo has quit
2016-11-21T17:11:23 <colinclark> hi simonjb
2016-11-21T17:11:26 <colinclark> how\'s it going?
2016-11-21T17:12:23 <simonjb> hi colinclark not bad a little slow and tired -- I had a migraine yesterday
2016-11-21T17:12:31 <colinclark> yeah, that sucks :(
2016-11-21T17:12:40 <colinclark> I thought I\'d paste you my latest work...
2016-11-21T17:12:46 <colinclark> it\'s slow going
2016-11-21T17:13:06 <colinclark> https://github.com/colinbdclark/flocking-midi/tree/gh-1
2016-11-21T17:13:25 <colinclark> I\'ve integrated a somewhat less effective version of your polling now for Node.js
2016-11-21T17:13:42 <colinclark> https://github.com/colinbdclark/flocking-midi/blob/gh-1/packages/node_modules/flocking-midi-node/src/node-midi-port-monitor.js
2016-11-21T17:14:05 <colinclark> https://github.com/colinbdclark/flocking-midi/blob/gh-1/packages/node_modules/flocking-midi-node/demos/list-ports/ports-view.js
2016-11-21T17:14:32 <colinclark> You had done a nice job of ensuring that a new poll was scheduled only after the previous one was complete
2016-11-21T17:15:15 <colinclark> but in this modelized environment, it\'s quite complex to even know when "complete" is, given that there could be any number of actions that results from a model changing
2016-11-21T17:15:41 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T17:15:47 <colinclark> and I couldn\'t think of a solution that was comparable without coupling the View with the Monitor
2016-11-21T17:16:02 <simonjb> yeah, that sounds reasonable
2016-11-21T17:16:06 <colinclark> So I just ended up using a Bergson clock and scheduling it periodically
2016-11-21T17:16:11 <simonjb> cool
2016-11-21T17:16:17 <colinclark> we can think through this more clearly once it\'s stable
2016-11-21T17:16:33 <colinclark> RtMidi has been a real obstacle
2016-11-21T17:16:52 <colinclark> in that it doesn\'t provide us with any way to uniquely identify a device\'s port
2016-11-21T17:17:01 <colinclark> nor any events or anything else that tells us when a change occurs
2016-11-21T17:36:27 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-21T17:43:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T17:58:14 * David123_ joined the channel
2016-11-21T17:58:24 * michelled1 joined the channel
2016-11-21T17:59:20 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T18:00:05 <michelled1> cindyli, colinclark, danayo, jhung, Justin_o, simonjb: planning
2016-11-21T18:00:45 * michelled has quit
2016-11-21T18:05:47 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-11-21T18:07:37 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-21T18:10:37 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2016-11-21T18:11:03 <cindyli> Bosmon5: my GPII ouchdb pull request is ready for another look - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464 thanks
2016-11-21T18:17:21 * kavya joined the channel
2016-11-21T18:23:20 * stegru has quit
2016-11-21T18:29:28 * Kobi joined the channel
2016-11-21T18:29:39 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-21T18:33:54 * avtar joined the channel
2016-11-21T18:35:27 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-21T18:50:43 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-11-21T18:52:14 <Bosmon5> Cheers, cindyli
2016-11-21T18:52:28 <cindyli> :)
2016-11-21T18:54:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T18:57:40 * kavya has quit
2016-11-21T19:01:09 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-11-21T19:22:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-21T19:31:09 * michelled has quit
2016-11-21T19:40:01 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-11-21T19:40:01 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-21T19:56:03 * jhung has quit
2016-11-21T20:02:53 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-21T20:04:09 * jhung has quit
2016-11-21T20:05:30 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-21T20:18:18 <Bosmon5> Hi there cindyli - is there really nothing we can do about the huge number of "Document update conflict" that we get in the logs?
2016-11-21T20:21:18 <Bosmon5> There are really many thousands of them
2016-11-21T20:21:27 <Bosmon5> To the extent that it can become hard to find genuine log messages : P
2016-11-21T20:21:43 <cindyli> Bosmon5: that\'s true. i think we should address it but it might worth a separate jira. this warning is thrown when the pouchdb API destroyPouch() is called. it might be related to either the pouch repo or the express-pouchdb middleware being used.
2016-11-21T20:21:57 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf1 might have more thoughts
2016-11-21T20:23:01 <cindyli> i\'m thinking we probably should experiment with those 2 repos and hopefully can create tests that demostrate this issue
2016-11-21T20:27:55 * simonjb has quit
2016-11-21T20:34:59 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-21T20:38:38 <cindyli> Bosmon5: your pull request on improving fluid.promise.map() looks great and works great with my ouchdb pull request. will merge it soon. but since the latest infusion also includes jquery upgrade, in order to upgrade my ouchdb pull request to use the new infusion, some jquery related libraries and scripts in the universal need to be modified/upgraded too. i\'m thinking probably this upgrade should wait until infusion 2 is released? what do you think?
2016-11-21T20:43:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-21T20:46:34 <Bosmon5> cindyli - yes, the upgrade can wait
'

