b"2016-10-11T18:20:35 <Justin_o> Fatal error: Unable to find local grunt.
2016-10-11T18:20:37 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-10-11T18:21:28 <gtirloni> ok, let me check
2016-10-11T18:21:42 <simonjb> I just merged in some changes
2016-10-11T18:22:50 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-11T18:23:27 <lliskovoi> ewbjr colinclark early next week works for me
2016-10-11T18:23:34 <lliskovoi> should we set a time?
2016-10-11T18:23:44 <colinclark> yes, definitely
2016-10-11T18:23:52 <colinclark> when works best for you, lliskovoi?
2016-10-11T18:27:12 <lliskovoi> 2pm?
2016-10-11T18:27:31 <ewbjr> that works for me
2016-10-11T18:27:54 <lliskovoi> Monday?
2016-10-11T18:29:55 <Kobi> jessm: is the project plan for this week only?
2016-10-11T18:33:08 <ewbjr> lliskovoi: any day next week works for me, monday's good
2016-10-11T18:33:27 <lliskovoi> great, let's make it Monday then
2016-10-11T18:33:56 <colinclark> it's in my calendar
2016-10-11T18:37:08 <Kobi> jessm: just in case you still don't have the document; https://docs.google.com/document/d/1K5Kilfum734-xt5lpdnHxS9OvuiM7cTixCJlowxsb7I/edit?usp=sharing
2016-10-11T18:39:23 <David123_> what else is required for a project plan other than who and when?
2016-10-11T18:40:43 * stegru joined the channel
2016-10-11T18:44:36 <gtirloni> Justin_o, the error was a missing 'npm install' since we introduced the split node_modules feature/workaround.. but now that it's running, it's stuck in that test 52. i'm trying to remember which conclusion we reached about that
2016-10-11T18:45:57 <Kobi> Is there a specific html editor we should use, or is that not important?
2016-10-11T18:47:08 <Justin_o> gtirloni: alanharnum has a PR to fix that but it's still going through review. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/757
2016-10-11T18:47:21 <Justin_o> thanks for fixing the dependency issue
2016-10-11T18:47:28 <gtirloni> cool!
2016-10-11T18:47:30 <gtirloni> np
2016-10-11T18:54:28 <Justin_o> Kobi: was that a question for anyone in particular?
2016-10-11T18:56:22 <Kobi> Justin_o: yeah, but now that I think about it, do people program in GitHub, or is there a specific editor people use?
2016-10-11T18:56:54 <jessm> Kobi: David123_: the plan is for the project in its entirety \xe2\x80\x94 version 1
2016-10-11T18:57:33 <jessm> Kobi: David123_: swing by when you have a moment with the bike shed?
2016-10-11T18:57:49 <Kobi> OK, sure
2016-10-11T18:58:49 <michelled> Kobi: we use git for version control. people use a variety of editors for writing code and I think also a variety of technologies for pushing their work to github
2016-10-11T18:59:15 <michelled> I use Atom for code editing: https://atom.io/
2016-10-11T18:59:41 <michelled> and the command line for interacting with git and github
2016-10-11T19:01:04 <Justin_o> Kobi: yes as michelled says.. it is technically to program directly in GitHub, although that's probably an atypical approach. A system like michelled mentioned above is good, but you could also use https://desktop.github.com  for interacting with git and github
2016-10-11T19:09:50 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-11T19:13:31 <Justin_o> michelled: so there's a JIRA for the renderer with touch events already. https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5042
2016-10-11T19:13:44 <Justin_o> we could add that to the 2.0 release as well too
2016-10-11T19:15:09 <michelled> sounds good
2016-10-11T19:29:20 * kasparnet has quit
2016-10-11T19:39:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-10-11T19:57:37 <cindyli> Bosmon: does what you meant with this pull request comment https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464#pullrequestreview-3041008 is, not only to move https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464/files/81abc586bed1ad0a88b7ea7ae1dbc8299c407756#diff-7a839f8ff111445db6dad41cdc5adf4cinto gpii/node_modules/gpii-oauth2, but to move it into its own subproject directory?
2016-10-11T19:59:07 <cindyli> what do you think to move it to https://github.com/cindyli/universal/tree/GPII-1274/gpii/node_modules/gpii-oauth2/gpii-oauth2-datastore/src
2016-10-11T19:59:23 <cindyli> still in gpii/node_modules/gpii-oauth2
2016-10-11T20:29:32 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-11T20:32:02 * kasparnet has quit
2016-10-11T20:42:13 * yzen joined the channel
2016-10-11T20:45:20 * stegru has quit
2016-10-11T20:46:29 * yzen has quit
2016-10-11T20:49:46 <kavya> michelled: Would you please have a look at https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Technology_Evaluation_Test_Automation
2016-10-11T20:52:09 <michelled> this is great, kavya! thanks for putting it on the wiki
2016-10-11T20:52:50 <michelled> I suppose the next step is to send a message to the architecture list with a link to the wiki page and your recommendation
2016-10-11T20:53:43 <michelled> kavya: there seems to be some odd numbering - perhaps something didn't quite translate in the formatting to the wiki?
2016-10-11T20:55:28 <kavya> ok..I will check on the numbering.
2016-10-11T20:56:06 <kavya> Is that ok to have a google spreadsheet link on wiki page(results are posted below)
2016-10-11T20:57:06 <kavya> I will send the mail to architecture list.
2016-10-11T20:58:07 <michelled> I don't see a link on that page . I think it's fine to link to a spreadsheet so long as it is readable by everyone
2016-10-11T21:00:26 <kavya> Ok..Thanks Michelle :)
2016-10-11T21:00:31 * stegru joined the channel
2016-10-11T21:00:39 <michelled> np :)
2016-10-11T21:10:47 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-10-11T21:24:50 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-11T22:10:07 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-11T22:10:13 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-10-11T22:24:23 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-10-11T22:28:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-11T22:35:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-11T22:36:11 * kavya has quit
2016-10-11T22:42:13 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-11T22:44:29 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-11T23:42:10 * stegru has quit
"

b'2016-10-11T00:50:16 * kavya has quit
2016-10-11T07:35:03 * stegru joined the channel
2016-10-11T07:53:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-10-11T08:32:12 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-10-11T08:34:45 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-10-11T08:41:22 * kasparnet has quit
2016-10-11T08:43:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-10-11T08:57:56 * amatas joined the channel
2016-10-11T11:15:10 * kasparnet has quit
2016-10-11T11:27:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-10-11T11:57:14 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-11T11:58:35 * jhung joined the channel
2016-10-11T12:04:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-10-11T12:21:31 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-10-11T12:23:05 * kasparnet has quit
2016-10-11T12:30:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-10-11T12:38:34 * kasparnet has quit
2016-10-11T12:56:01 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-11T13:01:16 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-11T13:35:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-11T13:43:02 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-11T13:53:13 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-11T13:59:00 <amatas> gtirloni, I\'m uploading the latest Windows 10 vagrant box with 5.1.6 vbox tools to h-0005. Are you still having poor performance with vboxfs in the latests version of VirtualBox?
2016-10-11T13:59:50 <amatas> I\'m uploading the image only for testing as a stable candidate.
2016-10-11T14:01:03 * jessm joined the channel
2016-10-11T14:02:04 <gtirloni> amatas, i tested vbox 5.1.6 with shared folders and `npm install` would fail
2016-10-11T14:02:24 <gtirloni> h-0005 has vbox 5.0.26 i believe
2016-10-11T14:05:03 <amatas> gtirloni, I\'m uploading the box to my home, I\'m not going to install it in the host.
2016-10-11T14:05:09 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-11T14:05:17 <amatas> how can I reproduce that fail?
2016-10-11T14:05:35 <amatas> I\'ve tested, gpii-universal, gpii-windows, gpii-nexus and fluid-infusion.
2016-10-11T14:05:41 <gtirloni> install vbox 5.1.6 on the host and the guest.. and run `npm install` on universal inside the guest
2016-10-11T14:05:51 <amatas> ok
2016-10-11T14:10:37 <avtar> amatas: for this version of the windows box it\'s probably best to target 5.0.26 unless there\'s a feature in 5.1.* that is required
2016-10-11T14:19:40 <amatas> avtar, I\'m uploading to h-0005 another vagrant box with virtualbox tools 5.0.26
2016-10-11T14:19:52 <avtar> awesome :D thanks
2016-10-11T14:20:07 <amatas> both boxes are the same build but with different tools version
2016-10-11T14:20:31 <amatas> yw
2016-10-11T14:20:52 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-11T14:28:00 <amatas> gtirloni, \'npm install\' with the master branch of universal using the box image with vbox tools 5.1.6r110634 runs fine :/
2016-10-11T14:28:23 <amatas> I\'m going to test with a windows host as well
2016-10-11T14:30:29 <gtirloni> you probably have to \'undo\' the split node_modules bind mount
2016-10-11T14:30:45 <gtirloni> it should be picking up that automatically (check /etc/fstab) to work around the issues
2016-10-11T14:31:14 <gtirloni> https://github.com/idi-ops/ansible-nodejs/blob/master/tasks/configure.yml#L32-L62
2016-10-11T14:32:07 <amatas> I\'m testing using windows10 guest box
2016-10-11T14:34:51 <gtirloni> sorry, i missed that. the latest issue we\'ve seen was with linux/osx hosts + linux guest + npm3.
2016-10-11T14:35:11 <gtirloni> maybe the situation is better on windows, i don\'t know
2016-10-11T14:37:10 <amatas> ok, will test those scenarios then
2016-10-11T14:38:06 <gtirloni> i think the issue was on windows hosts (probably win7 only) -- https://github.com/idi-ops/ansible-nodejs/blob/a2264532258a01cc9347a233a7c75731e85064f0/tasks/configure.yml#L32-L73
2016-10-11T14:38:21 <gtirloni> so that was another issue with shared folders
2016-10-11T14:39:19 * yzen joined the channel
2016-10-11T14:40:09 * kavya joined the channel
2016-10-11T14:40:44 <avtar> https://www.virtualbox.org/ticket/15684
2016-10-11T14:40:54 <avtar> "I disabled the audio for the VM and it has been running several days without aborting."
2016-10-11T14:41:31 <avtar> that doesn\'t sound promising
2016-10-11T14:42:01 <amatas> I like those kind of issues, do you have problems with I/O fs, try to disable the audio.
2016-10-11T14:45:46 <gtirloni> AFAIK, the only reason they did a minor release (5.1) was because the client got rewritten in Qt or something like that. otherwise they would keep doing 5.0 releases forever, just fixing small bugs. the major issues around shared folders, 3d accel and others don\'t have anyone actively working on them
2016-10-11T14:46:56 <Justin_o> lliskovoi: hello, did you happen to have a chance to look over the changes i made to https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Inline+Edit+QA+Test+Plan+-+Dropdown
2016-10-11T14:47:50 <lliskovoi> Justin_o not yet, I will have a look today if it\'s not too lage
2016-10-11T14:47:51 <Justin_o> in particular the Assistive Technology section under State Tests and the Validation section
2016-10-11T14:47:53 <lliskovoi> late*
2016-10-11T14:48:27 <gtirloni> i don\'t know if this is just boilerplate release notes they add to every release... but all releases have \'and fixes regressions\' (https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/News)
2016-10-11T14:49:10 <gtirloni> i don\'t take their \'improve stability\' claims at face value any longer :)
2016-10-11T14:50:52 <stegru> i still can\'t upgrade to 5.1
2016-10-11T14:51:01 <Justin_o> lliskovoi: thanks, that won\'t be too late
2016-10-11T14:51:04 <amatas> yes, since Oracle put his hands on the project the support has gone decreasing
2016-10-11T15:03:00 * gtirloni has quit
2016-10-11T15:08:47 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-10-11T15:16:42 <gloob> hi guys
2016-10-11T15:16:51 <gloob> ouch gtirloni is down
2016-10-11T15:16:55 <amatas> hi gloob
2016-10-11T15:17:02 <gloob> amatas: I think is worth to check with npm3 vs npm2
2016-10-11T15:17:22 <gloob> I find a lot of controversy about I/O problems in npm3
2016-10-11T15:17:31 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-10-11T15:18:59 <amatas> you mean in general or inside virtual machines
2016-10-11T15:31:47 <gloob> in general
2016-10-11T15:34:07 <gloob> https://www.wayfindr.net/community/
2016-10-11T15:45:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-11T15:46:56 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-10-11T15:46:59 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-10-11T15:50:03 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-11T15:52:26 <avtar> "Yarn is a new package manager that replaces the existing workflow for the npm client or other package managers while remaining compatible with the npm registry. It has the same feature set as existing workflows while operating faster, more securely, and more reliably." https://code.facebook.com/posts/1840075619545360
2016-10-11T15:54:04 <avtar> https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn
2016-10-11T15:58:27 <gloob> oh no :)
2016-10-11T15:59:34 <avtar> gloob: quite timely given your comment earlier
2016-10-11T16:00:15 <gloob> absolutely, do you know avtar is you can use the same package.json?
2016-10-11T16:00:25 <avtar> looks like it
2016-10-11T16:00:46 <gloob> s/is/if
2016-10-11T16:01:02 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-10-11T16:01:07 <gloob> Does it work with npm?
2016-10-11T16:01:07 <gloob> Mostly! We haven\xe2\x80\x99t had time to run extensive tests on the compatibility of Yarn, but it seems to work great with public packages. It does not authenticate to the registry the way the official client does, so it\xe2\x80\x99s currently unable to work with private packages. The Yarn team is aware of this issue and have said they\xe2\x80\x99ll address it.
2016-10-11T16:01:08 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-10-11T16:01:12 <gloob> well
2016-10-11T16:01:14 <gloob> a worth to check it
2016-10-11T16:01:51 <gloob> and it doesn\'t seem complex to implement a little wrapper to use npm or yarn indistinctly
2016-10-11T16:02:02 <gloob> let\'s try it
2016-10-11T16:10:25 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: no community meeting tomorrow
2016-10-11T16:15:41 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-11T16:23:12 <gtirloni> for the npm warriors: http://blog.npmjs.org/post/151660845210/hello-yarn
2016-10-11T16:25:17 <gtirloni> i should read the channel logs before writing here ;)
2016-10-11T16:27:12 <avtar> hehe
2016-10-11T16:29:10 <gtirloni> gloob, re: npm2 vs npm3. we had known issues with npm2 (eg. had to disable symlinks because they would fail with vbox shared folders under windows.. if i remember it right, so many issues at this point). then we updated to npm3 and now it breaks with \'exceeded stack size\' error if symlinks are disabled. so we have to enable symlinks (on linux/osx hosts).. but that breaks npm2. so that\'s where the split node_modules idea came from.
2016-10-11T16:29:46 <gtirloni> amatas, i told you to test with universal\'s master.. but i\'m afraid that\'s wrong. the issue we were seeing was with cindyli\'s 1274 branch (leveldown would fail to install). sorry about giving your wrong information
2016-10-11T16:39:25 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-11T16:39:51 * David123_ joined the channel
2016-10-11T16:40:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-11T16:40:31 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-10-11T16:45:35 * yzen_ has quit
2016-10-11T16:49:09 * gtirloni has quit
2016-10-11T16:59:18 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-11T17:00:54 * Kobi joined the channel
2016-10-11T17:08:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-11T17:09:10 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-10-11T17:12:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-10-11T17:16:45 <michelled> avtar, simonjb: you\'ve seen this, right? https://docs.google.com/document/d/17lqIl0k6XbPsl-Lk1UkVeRWYpJDU8obA2UTHw6EtK1Q/edit#heading=h.kd599sdxqcxb
2016-10-11T17:16:58 <michelled> the agenda for the P4A face to face
2016-10-11T17:17:29 <simonjb> thanks michelled
2016-10-11T17:17:36 <michelled> np
2016-10-11T17:24:11 <avtar> michelled: thanks
2016-10-11T17:38:13 * stegru has quit
2016-10-11T17:41:22 <Bosmon> fluid-everyone - thanks so much for your lovely card! What a happy surprise :)
2016-10-11T17:41:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :)
2016-10-11T17:41:46 <cindyli> congrats, Bosmon
2016-10-11T17:41:50 <Bosmon> gtirloni - I think we would be happy to leave npm2 behind if we had a workable and consistent strategy for npm 3 on all platforms
2016-10-11T17:41:56 <clown> Bosmmon:  Moo!
2016-10-11T17:42:05 <Bosmon> Cheers, everyone :)
2016-10-11T17:42:40 * clown now if I could only spell irc nicks\xe2\x80\xa6
2016-10-11T18:03:17 <Justin_o> gtirloni, Bosmon: speaking of upgrades, are there plans to switch to node 6. looks like it\'s going LTS starting next week.
2016-10-11T18:03:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we have already switched to node 6
2016-10-11T18:04:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: oh really
2016-10-11T18:04:34 <gtirloni> yea, i think we are ready. some of our automation code needs to do a switch from \'current\'=6 / \'lts\'=4 to \'current\'=7 / \'lts\'=6, but that\'s it..
2016-10-11T18:05:10 <ewbjr> colinclark: lliskovoi: are you still free to meet today?
2016-10-11T18:07:28 <colinclark> ewbjr: my preference would be to reschedule for tomorrow or thursday if possible
2016-10-11T18:07:48 <colinclark> i\'ve been busy with grant proposal work today
2016-10-11T18:08:20 <colinclark> but if lliskovoi is available, you should go ahead and meet and look over her latest wireframes and your progress
2016-10-11T18:08:35 <colinclark> gtirloni now has the virtual machine image needed to deploy the Web RTC server for vidyo
2016-10-11T18:08:44 <colinclark> but we\'re still waiting on the license keys for it
2016-10-11T18:08:56 <colinclark> I believe tomorrow will be the 1 month anniversary of our initial support request
2016-10-11T18:08:59 <ewbjr> no problem at all, would friday work? I\'ll be tied up at the deep hackathon tomorrow and thursday!
2016-10-11T18:09:00 <gtirloni> it\'s a slow cooking process
2016-10-11T18:09:18 <colinclark> oh yes, DEEP
2016-10-11T18:09:25 <colinclark> I\'ll actually be at DEEP on Friday, too
2016-10-11T18:10:08 <ewbjr> busy week :)
2016-10-11T18:16:52 <colinclark> ewbjr: Let\'s leave it until early next week, then
2016-10-11T18:17:06 <colinclark> but can you summarize your progress with your app so far?
2016-10-11T18:17:59 <ewbjr> sure, would you prefer an email or document it in the repo itself?
2016-10-11T18:18:14 <colinclark> the latter is great :)
2016-10-11T18:18:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon, gtirloni: thanks.. i\'ll keep this in mind when updating code in our repos.
2016-10-11T18:18:51 <ewbjr> sounds good, i\'ll make the readme more useful :)
2016-10-11T18:20:25 <Justin_o> simonjb, gtirloni: infusion build failed
'

