b'2016-02-26T22:21:12 <colinclark> You could hack procdaw and listen to Ween all weekend
2016-02-26T22:21:14 <colinclark> that would be great
2016-02-26T22:21:20 <simonjb> colinclark: could you send an email to my bitstructures address?
2016-02-26T22:21:24 <colinclark> yep
2016-02-26T22:21:31 <simonjb> I don\'t usually check ocadu on the weekend
2016-02-26T22:21:34 <simonjb> cool
2016-02-26T22:22:39 <simonjb> ok, bye guys
2016-02-26T22:22:44 <colinclark> thanks again
2016-02-26T22:22:45 <colinclark> see you!
2016-02-26T22:24:03 * simonjb has quit
2016-02-26T22:24:45 <bens01> hi Bosmon, on gpii-binder, i\'ve been thinking about xss potential w/ use of fluid.html, so i\'ve changed it around to only allow these modes of operation: 1) (default) bidirectional data binding using fluid.value and 2) unidirectional binding using fluid.text
2016-02-26T22:25:35 <Bosmon> bens01 - sounds reasonable, although fluid.html will be a reasonable choice for some applications
2016-02-26T22:25:47 <bens01> Bosmon, mode 2 (one way, text) can be configured by specifying method: "text" in the long notation for a binding, or apply to all short notations by specifing method:"text" in the component\'s "bindingOptions"
2016-02-26T22:25:57 <Bosmon> If a user has write access to a component tree, they will also have write access to the HTML document
2016-02-26T22:26:34 <Bosmon> fluid.html will correspond to the historical renderer component "UIVerbatim" which did see some use sometimes, especially for outputting styled text etc.
2016-02-26T22:26:43 <bens01> Bosmon, ah..
2016-02-26T22:27:17 <bens01> I was thinking.. the configuration could be simplified greatly if the binder just inferred when to use value vs. text and the direction was implicit
2016-02-26T22:28:32 <bens01> but if html could be reasonable I think it would make sense to leave things the way they are now. It\'ll be easy to extend to support html (or any other function) with the current options users can specify
2016-02-26T22:28:45 <Bosmon> bens01 - sure
2016-02-26T22:29:14 <Bosmon> Simply allowing configuration of a global function name will provide most of the facilities we\'d want here
2016-02-26T22:29:33 <Bosmon> Plus the optional use of templating
2016-02-26T22:30:08 <bens01> global.. for the component that is using the binder?
2016-02-26T22:30:43 <Bosmon> bens I just mean the use of a function name which is slung in to "fluid.getGlobalValue"
2016-02-26T22:31:37 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-26T22:34:03 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-26T22:34:11 * alanharnum has quit
2016-02-26T22:34:56 * gtirloni has quit
2016-02-26T22:50:30 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-26T22:50:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-26T22:57:36 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-26T22:57:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-26T23:02:40 * michelled has quit
2016-02-26T23:02:51 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-26T23:11:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-26T23:22:44 <colinclark> Bosmon: "Constructs a component instance at a particular path in the component tree"
2016-02-26T23:22:57 <colinclark> This is the first instance where we meet this term "component tree"
2016-02-26T23:23:14 <colinclark> also I am interested in unpacking what it means to construct something "at a particular path"
2016-02-26T23:23:22 <Bosmon> Yes
2016-02-26T23:23:27 <Bosmon> There are restrictions in the current system
2016-02-26T23:23:36 <Bosmon> The direct parent path must already contain a component
2016-02-26T23:24:00 <Bosmon> And the constructed component will become a subcomponent of it, tied to its lifecycle
2016-02-26T23:24:03 <colinclark> I guess in this case it\'s reasonable to say that the component tree is simply "a tree structure which contains all of the currently-instantiated components running in a Nexus process?"
2016-02-26T23:24:11 <Bosmon> E.g. it will automatically be destroyed when its parent is destroyed
2016-02-26T23:24:18 <colinclark> Given a brand new Nexus
2016-02-26T23:24:26 <colinclark> What is in the component tree?
2016-02-26T23:24:39 <colinclark> There is presumably a global root component
2016-02-26T23:24:50 <colinclark> Representing the Nexus itself or something?
2016-02-26T23:25:16 <Bosmon> Given a brand new nexus, it will contain (as far as the user is concerned) just a single root component, of type fluid.rootComponent, at the global path ""
2016-02-26T23:25:23 <colinclark> ok
2016-02-26T23:25:28 <colinclark> that\'s a great start
2016-02-26T23:25:40 <Bosmon> I mean, naturally there will be the machinery to run the Nexus itself etc. and the Kettle application that corresponds to it
2016-02-26T23:25:44 <colinclark> and so let\'s say I want to construct a cat component
2016-02-26T23:25:53 <colinclark> the colin.cat grade has already been defined
2016-02-26T23:25:56 <Bosmon> But I imagine that this might be one of the first things that we put "off limits" once we construct our security system : P
2016-02-26T23:26:04 <colinclark> and then I call the construct resource and supply a path such as "hugo?"
2016-02-26T23:26:14 <colinclark> which will be within the root component?
2016-02-26T23:26:16 <Bosmon> In future I imagine that each client will be allocated its own "sandbox" area
2016-02-26T23:26:19 <colinclark> right
2016-02-26T23:26:22 <colinclark> that makes sense
2016-02-26T23:26:42 <Bosmon> colinclark - yes, for "hugo"
2016-02-26T23:26:45 <colinclark> ok
2016-02-26T23:26:56 <Bosmon> He will become ther... ***WORLDD..... ***CCATTE**** : P
2016-02-26T23:26:56 <colinclark> great
2016-02-26T23:26:59 <Bosmon> Sitting at the GLOBAL ROOT
2016-02-26T23:27:01 <colinclark> :)
2016-02-26T23:27:10 <Bosmon> Compared to all other CATTES, he will seem **ENTIRELY ENNORMOUS**
2016-02-26T23:27:13 <colinclark> :)
2016-02-26T23:27:26 <colinclark> ok, this helps and I can write this up
2016-02-26T23:27:29 <Bosmon> awesome
2016-02-26T23:28:22 <colinclark> I think ultimately I will hoist these descriptions up into a definition section
2016-02-26T23:28:28 <colinclark> grades, component tree, etc.
2016-02-26T23:28:50 <Bosmon> Yes, like the GLOZARY in our PPIG paper
2016-02-26T23:29:00 <colinclark> yup
2016-02-26T23:29:16 <colinclark> Was that Clayton\'s suggestion, or a reviewer\'s?
2016-02-26T23:29:28 <Bosmon> A reviewer
2016-02-26T23:29:31 <Bosmon> "the reviewer"
2016-02-26T23:29:36 <Bosmon> Tom : P
2016-02-26T23:29:41 <colinclark> hahaha
2016-02-26T23:30:07 <colinclark> I have cited nearly everything you\'ve written at this point in my own writings
2016-02-26T23:30:10 <colinclark> it\'s pretty good
2016-02-26T23:30:17 <Bosmon> Cool
2016-02-26T23:30:18 <colinclark> only, I think, BEING AND TIME, hasn\'t been referenced
2016-02-26T23:30:24 <Bosmon> This END OF BEING AND TIME paper is pretty good! : P
2016-02-26T23:30:28 <Bosmon> I\'d forgotten how much was in it
2016-02-26T23:30:35 <colinclark> yes, it\'s really substantial
2016-02-26T23:30:59 <Bosmon> I\'d forgotten I\'d ever read any RICHARD RORTY
2016-02-26T23:31:08 <Bosmon> So this serves as a useful record of that, at least : P
2016-02-26T23:32:11 <colinclark> Yes, you had a pretty strong Rorty period
2016-02-26T23:32:42 <colinclark> I occasionally run into references to him in my own reading, but haven\'t yet had a chance to dig in
2016-02-26T23:49:44 * jhung has quit
2016-02-26T23:53:43 * amatas has quit
'

b'2016-02-26T21:23:58 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'m just reminding myself of the current state on my nexus repo and parts of it are still a little rough -- I really focused on the \'happy path\' and getting everything lined up for the face-to-face -- should I wait a bit to fill out the implementation or do you want to get it into gpii/nexus sooner?
2016-02-26T21:24:34 <simonjb> shall I make the pull request and keep working? or wait a bit?
2016-02-26T21:24:51 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T21:24:58 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T21:25:00 <Bosmon> simonjb - I think it can go in relatively soon since it has adequate tests
2016-02-26T21:25:06 <Bosmon> I think "pull request and keep working" is good
2016-02-26T21:25:11 <simonjb> ok, cool
2016-02-26T21:25:26 <Bosmon> I will throw in some review comments from time to time : P
2016-02-26T21:25:31 <simonjb> :)
2016-02-26T21:25:34 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T21:25:37 <Bosmon> But really I think it meets most of our core criteria already
2016-02-26T21:25:54 <Bosmon> It\'s not necessary that things are marvellous, secure and universally capable from the get-go
2016-02-26T21:26:14 <Bosmon> Merely that they are reasonably well documented, have reasonable test cases and reasonable implementation quality
2016-02-26T21:26:16 <simonjb> sure, of course
2016-02-26T21:26:47 <simonjb> I think the test coverage is reasonable but I also have a number of TODOs in my tests for other cases I\'d like to cover
2016-02-26T21:26:52 <Bosmon> cool
2016-02-26T21:27:48 <Bosmon> Yes, I see that the "write badly-formed defaults" test case is in progress
2016-02-26T21:28:20 <simonjb> https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/master/tests/WriteDefaultsTests.js#L131
2016-02-26T21:28:22 <simonjb> this one?
2016-02-26T21:28:36 <Bosmon> Yup, that one
2016-02-26T21:28:58 <Bosmon> And once there\'s a pull request there\'ll be places to attach answers to questions like this one: https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/master/tests/BindModelTests.js#L26
2016-02-26T21:30:37 <Bosmon> Although I\'m not quite clear what is meant "right name to reference the invoker"
2016-02-26T21:31:35 <simonjb> I have to try to remember too :)
2016-02-26T21:32:39 <simonjb> I\'ll go ahead and make the pull request -- as you say, that will give us somewhere to attach the conversation
2016-02-26T21:33:15 <Bosmon> Oh, I think I know what you mean
2016-02-26T21:33:37 <Bosmon> The issue is what context name to use to refer to the testCaseHolder itself
2016-02-26T21:33:41 <alanharnum> avtar michelled: talking to myself in the vidyo room ftw
2016-02-26T21:33:45 <Bosmon> Well
2016-02-26T21:33:48 <Bosmon> I\'m not sure
2016-02-26T21:33:52 <Bosmon> You seem to be able to do that already
2016-02-26T21:34:24 <simonjb> I think I wanted to pass a callable thing into the registerModelListenerForPath
2016-02-26T21:34:32 <simonjb> that would be instead of the event
2016-02-26T21:34:43 <michelled> alanharnum: we heard "iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz, iz,iz, iz, iz, iz \xe2\x80\xa6\xe2\x80\xa6." so we left :)
2016-02-26T21:34:49 <alanharnum> hahahaha
2016-02-26T21:34:49 <avtar> alanharnum: we disconnected after your audio started looping and turned more into a josh wink track
2016-02-26T21:34:51 <Bosmon> IZ IZ IZ IZ IZ IZ IZ!
2016-02-26T21:34:59 <alanharnum> listen
2016-02-26T21:34:59 <simonjb> so I could do addListener(modelPath, *THING*)
2016-02-26T21:35:05 <alanharnum> if you don\'t wanna buy my new dubstep album
2016-02-26T21:35:08 <alanharnum> you don\'t have to do
2016-02-26T21:35:13 <alanharnum> but just be upfront about that :(
2016-02-26T21:36:08 <avtar> alanharnum: bandcamp page or it never happened
2016-02-26T21:36:12 <Bosmon> simonjb - to start with I think it could be simplified one step by simply throwing in "event.fire"
2016-02-26T21:36:48 <simonjb> Bosmon: addListener(modelPath, event.fire) ?
2016-02-26T21:36:57 <Bosmon> simonjb - yes
2016-02-26T21:36:59 <simonjb> aha
2016-02-26T21:37:02 <alanharnum> avtar: http://alan_harnum_dubstep.inlibraries.com/
2016-02-26T21:37:06 <simonjb> that works, cool
2016-02-26T21:37:14 <Bosmon> Now given that the other bit of signature is just "componentPath" it seems hard to simplify this much further
2016-02-26T21:37:27 <Bosmon> Well
2016-02-26T21:37:31 <Bosmon> I guess you can
2016-02-26T21:37:43 <gtirloni> thx
2016-02-26T21:37:51 <gtirloni> oops, wrong win :P
2016-02-26T21:37:57 <avtar> this is good stuff
2016-02-26T21:38:05 <Bosmon> Given that you could instead refer to the component using the rather cackhanded syntax "{fluid.rootComponent}<componentPath>.event.fire"
2016-02-26T21:38:11 <simonjb> gtirloni: you\'re welcome
2016-02-26T21:38:15 <Bosmon> I think this is probably what you were after?
2016-02-26T21:38:29 <gtirloni> haha
2016-02-26T21:38:57 <simonjb> Bosmon: I think yes, but I\'m also happy to use the addListener(..., event.fire)
2016-02-26T21:39:22 <simonjb> but yes, something like that was what I was originally aiming for I think
2016-02-26T21:55:09 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-02-26T21:55:15 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-02-26T21:57:04 <alanharnum> avtar michelled: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1583
2016-02-26T21:57:18 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-02-26T21:57:34 <avtar> thanks alanharnum :D
2016-02-26T21:57:45 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T22:00:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-26T22:00:52 <colinclark> hey again simonjb
2016-02-26T22:01:23 <colinclark> can I catch you for one last quick question before you leave?
2016-02-26T22:02:35 * klown has left the channel
2016-02-26T22:02:44 <simonjb> sure colinclark
2016-02-26T22:03:10 <colinclark> Have you written up anything about securing the Nexus?
2016-02-26T22:03:18 <colinclark> ideas you\'ve tossed around with Bosmon or anything?
2016-02-26T22:03:19 <simonjb> no not yet
2016-02-26T22:03:41 <colinclark> If you were to describe a general conceptual approach to it in two sentences or so, could you?
2016-02-26T22:03:58 <colinclark> Something to do with defining access controls or whitelists for particular grades in the Nexus?
2016-02-26T22:04:09 <Bosmon> colinclark - I imagine it would proceed in a very similar way to the scheme we use for controlling access to GPII user preferences
2016-02-26T22:04:27 <Bosmon> We would have "readsets" and "writesets" which were maps of EL paths or global names to true/false
2016-02-26T22:04:36 <simonjb> colinclark: not just grades but I think names in general
2016-02-26T22:05:02 <Bosmon> That is, we would need to secure access to the component tree structure (EXTENSA) as well as to anything that can be referred to by global names (POTENTIA I)
2016-02-26T22:05:12 <Bosmon> Yes
2016-02-26T22:05:19 <colinclark> "names in general" === EL paths into components instantiated in the Nexus?
2016-02-26T22:05:32 <Bosmon> It\'s actually the unbounded use of fluid.fetchGlobalValue() which is the greatest current security risk in the system
2016-02-26T22:05:44 <simonjb> also names not just instantiated by the nexus
2016-02-26T22:05:49 <Bosmon> For example, simonjb\'s "exploit" based on the use of fluid.fetchGlobalValue("require") : P
2016-02-26T22:05:55 <colinclark> :)
2016-02-26T22:05:57 <simonjb> exactly
2016-02-26T22:07:05 <colinclark> ok
2016-02-26T22:07:16 <colinclark> I think I at least vaguely can imagine this
2016-02-26T22:08:40 <simonjb> we need to limit what is reachable from code presented to the nexus over http
2016-02-26T22:09:13 <simonjb> so that code cannot make use of arbitrary names -- functions, variables, grades
2016-02-26T22:09:14 <Bosmon> cindyli - http://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/architecture/2016-February/003872.html : P
2016-02-26T22:09:37 <cindyli> ooohhh\xe2\x80\xa6 thankkkkkksssss, Bosmon
2016-02-26T22:10:47 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ve forked the gpii/nexus and merged in my work -- there\'s some clean up (such as 2 LICENSES) that I will do on Monday and make the pull request https://github.com/simonbates/nexus
2016-02-26T22:11:11 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-26T22:11:12 <colinclark> zomg, Bosmon!
2016-02-26T22:11:16 <colinclark> I\'m so glad!
2016-02-26T22:11:22 <simonjb> I was able to preserve history from my repo, Bosmon
2016-02-26T22:11:24 <colinclark> cindyli: exciting!
2016-02-26T22:11:37 <simonjb> YAY cindyli !
2016-02-26T22:11:46 <Bosmon> simonjb - awesome
2016-02-26T22:11:47 <colinclark> thanks for that, simonjb--I will link to the GPII repository in this deliverable
2016-02-26T22:11:47 <cindyli> YAY!! i\'m the one who is really really gald
2016-02-26T22:11:49 <cindyli> glad
2016-02-26T22:12:00 <Bosmon> simonjb - could you just sketch the steps you went through for anyone here who might be interested? : P
2016-02-26T22:12:09 <colinclark> I figured it was safer to have a reference to the GPII org, since there were comments about diffuse the Cloud4All repositories were
2016-02-26T22:12:14 <simonjb> Bosmon: to preserve history?
2016-02-26T22:12:19 <colinclark> yes please
2016-02-26T22:12:27 <colinclark> I have regularly wondered about this
2016-02-26T22:12:51 <simonjb> (1) I renamed my repo from simonbates/nexus to simonbates/simon-nexus
2016-02-26T22:13:01 <simonjb> (2) forked gpii/nexus to simonbates/nexus
2016-02-26T22:13:04 <colinclark> maybe that should be its official name
2016-02-26T22:13:08 <colinclark> The Simon Nexus
2016-02-26T22:13:26 <simonjb> (3) cloned simonbates/nexus (my fork)
2016-02-26T22:13:40 <simonjb> (4) added simonbates/simon-nexus as a remote
2016-02-26T22:13:58 <simonjb> (5) merged simon-nexus/master into nexus/master
2016-02-26T22:14:11 <simonjb> done
2016-02-26T22:14:34 <colinclark> man
2016-02-26T22:14:35 <colinclark> that\'s great
2016-02-26T22:14:39 <colinclark> thank you for explaining it
2016-02-26T22:15:41 * cindyli has quit
2016-02-26T22:16:52 <simonjb> (2a) deleted my local (previous) simonbates/nexus as it still pointed back to the old name
2016-02-26T22:17:04 <simonjb> to avoid getting confused between repos
2016-02-26T22:17:13 <simonjb> Bosmon, colinclark ^
2016-02-26T22:17:33 <colinclark> that makes sense
2016-02-26T22:17:40 <colinclark> Bosmon: "Followups set to the closed committer list for voting - an update will be given here on the result."
2016-02-26T22:17:46 <colinclark> I noticed that you didn\'t actually change the reply-to
2016-02-26T22:17:54 <Bosmon> colinclark - I think this came up last time too :)
2016-02-26T22:17:57 <colinclark> so maybe a quick email to the committers list, just to start the discussion there?
2016-02-26T22:18:00 <colinclark> ha!
2016-02-26T22:18:01 <Bosmon> I have set "followup-to" : p
2016-02-26T22:18:33 <simonjb> Bosmon, colinclark: I\'m going to head out now -- cool? Jan and a group headed for drinks and I want to join them
2016-02-26T22:18:34 <colinclark> deja-vu
2016-02-26T22:18:44 <colinclark> simonjb: thanks for your help
2016-02-26T22:18:48 <colinclark> I\'ve got everything I need
2016-02-26T22:18:53 <simonjb> ok, cool
2016-02-26T22:18:54 <colinclark> I\'ll send the deliverable section to you this weekend
2016-02-26T22:18:57 <Bosmon> simonjb - thanks for the explanation, it was very helpful
2016-02-26T22:18:58 <colinclark> and you can read it on Monday
2016-02-26T22:19:12 <simonjb> will do
2016-02-26T22:19:31 <colinclark> we\'ll be a little tight on time on Monday
2016-02-26T22:19:42 <colinclark> so if you can take a peek when you get in in the morning and let me know what you think
2016-02-26T22:19:48 <colinclark> my bad for taking so long to finish it up
2016-02-26T22:19:49 <simonjb> we also have the APCP IBM thing
2016-02-26T22:19:55 <colinclark> yep
2016-02-26T22:19:57 <colinclark> busy week
2016-02-26T22:20:30 <simonjb> I can also have a look on the weekend
2016-02-26T22:20:40 <colinclark> totally up to you
2016-02-26T22:20:50 <colinclark> you could also hack procdraw all weened instead :)
2016-02-26T22:20:58 <colinclark> weekend
'

b'2016-02-26T17:23:06 * [o__o] joined the channel
2016-02-26T17:23:06 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2016-02-26T17:34:17 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-02-26T17:37:22 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T17:37:23 * lliskovoi_ is now known as lliskovoi
2016-02-26T17:39:59 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T17:43:11 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-26T17:47:55 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T17:50:53 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T17:50:55 * jessm has quit
2016-02-26T17:52:49 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-26T17:53:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-26T17:53:21 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T17:57:06 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T17:58:28 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:00:15 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:01:17 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:03:19 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:05:58 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:07:39 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:15:49 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:17:50 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:18:29 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:20:24 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:22:45 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:24:51 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:26:32 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:29:09 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:30:40 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:34:52 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:35:32 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:37:33 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:38:00 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:41:58 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:42:15 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:48:25 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:49:33 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:51:35 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:52:33 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:54:35 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T18:56:25 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T18:58:20 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T19:00:38 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T19:02:41 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T19:11:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-26T19:11:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-26T19:14:42 * cindyli has quit
2016-02-26T19:17:44 * Justin_o has quit
2016-02-26T19:32:04 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T19:35:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-26T19:36:14 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T19:38:00 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T19:39:32 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T19:47:14 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T19:49:18 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T19:54:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-26T19:54:33 <colinclark> hey simonjb
2016-02-26T19:54:48 <simonjb> hey colinclark
2016-02-26T19:54:53 <colinclark> how\'s it going?
2016-02-26T19:55:28 <simonjb> good, I\'ve been reviewing the face-to-face SP2 and SP3 presentations
2016-02-26T19:55:43 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-26T19:55:49 <colinclark> awesome
2016-02-26T19:55:53 <colinclark> that\'s actually what I wanted to ask you about
2016-02-26T19:56:07 <colinclark> can you fire me a link to the latest copy of your Nexus presentation?
2016-02-26T19:57:14 <simonjb> colinclark: for the face-to-face they were collected together into 1 powerpoint file
2016-02-26T19:57:16 <simonjb> https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B8XrUmV1-meGcEk0ZDZlSnNRa00&usp=drive_web&tid=0BzZg46bX_4YWY0x5NHQtaVJsNzg#list
2016-02-26T19:57:23 <colinclark> aha
2016-02-26T19:57:26 <simonjb> number 4
2016-02-26T19:58:01 <simonjb> I can also send you the nexus one directly, if you just want that one
2016-02-26T19:58:46 <colinclark> I think I\'ve got it here
2016-02-26T19:58:52 <simonjb> P4A_SP2_Pitch_Presentations.pptx
2016-02-26T19:59:00 <colinclark> this is great, thank you
2016-02-26T19:59:14 <colinclark> I listened to the Julia Holter album again this morning when I woke up
2016-02-26T19:59:23 <simonjb> nice
2016-02-26T19:59:25 <colinclark> I have to admit it hadn\'t caught me in the way that her older ones did
2016-02-26T19:59:29 <colinclark> but today it really did
2016-02-26T19:59:32 <colinclark> for the first time
2016-02-26T19:59:33 <simonjb> interesting
2016-02-26T19:59:46 <simonjb> I really like it a lot
2016-02-26T20:00:06 <colinclark> it\'s very very good
2016-02-26T20:00:51 <simonjb> I got Loud City Song and I\'m liking it a lot also -- definitely some differences with the latest one
2016-02-26T20:01:28 <colinclark> yes
2016-02-26T20:01:48 <colinclark> that\'s the one I\'m most familiar with
2016-02-26T20:01:55 <colinclark> Ekstasis, too
2016-02-26T20:02:04 <simonjb> I don\'t have that one yet
2016-02-26T20:02:27 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T20:03:04 <simonjb> colinclark: we were talking earlier in the week about partners using mobile and there are a number
2016-02-26T20:03:24 <colinclark> oh good
2016-02-26T20:03:26 <simonjb> I hadn\'t remembered but I see now going back and checking the presentations
2016-02-26T20:03:29 <colinclark> anything very cool?
2016-02-26T20:04:31 <simonjb> there are a couple of KIT projects -- "Spatial Interaction BB" and "Sensing BB" that look interesting
2016-02-26T20:05:03 <colinclark> ah, fascinating
2016-02-26T20:05:11 <colinclark> That\'s Till\'s group, right?
2016-02-26T20:05:12 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T20:05:13 <simonjb> and I noticed something else perhaps worthy of exploration -- 2 different presentations mentioned Eclipse SmartHome
2016-02-26T20:05:19 <colinclark> ah
2016-02-26T20:05:25 <colinclark> yes, there\'s a lot of activity related to smarthomes
2016-02-26T20:05:29 <simonjb> yeah
2016-02-26T20:05:39 <colinclark> I\'m sure Till would be delighted to help us do an integration
2016-02-26T20:05:53 <colinclark> I\'m not sure if the Smarthome folks will be as much so, but it\'s possible
2016-02-26T20:07:56 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T20:10:36 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T20:13:30 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T20:17:05 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-02-26T20:17:39 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T20:21:32 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T20:22:12 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-26T20:24:31 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T20:25:22 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T20:27:28 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T20:29:19 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T20:31:34 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T20:41:39 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T20:43:20 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T20:52:01 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T20:55:40 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T20:56:39 <avtar> alanharnum, michelled: are we checking in today?
2016-02-26T20:57:12 <michelled> yes!
2016-02-26T20:59:02 <alanharnum> i\'m good w/that
2016-02-26T21:00:31 <alanharnum> gimme like 5 & I\'ll be good to check in
2016-02-26T21:00:36 <avtar> ok
2016-02-26T21:01:00 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T21:01:28 <Bosmon> Hi there simonjb - I just created https://github.com/GPII/nexus
2016-02-26T21:01:39 <Bosmon> Would you like to attach your current repo and work to it as a pull request?
2016-02-26T21:01:55 <simonjb> will do, thanks Bosmon
2016-02-26T21:02:02 <Bosmon> simonjb - awesome!
2016-02-26T21:02:23 <Bosmon> It\'s brilliant work, by the way... I\'m amazed how smooth this cycle of specification and implementation actually turned out
2016-02-26T21:02:29 <Bosmon> It\'s actually like we are some mature kind of organisation : P
2016-02-26T21:02:41 <simonjb> :)
2016-02-26T21:02:46 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T21:02:57 <Bosmon> Rather than merely a loose aggregation of exploratory bumblers
2016-02-26T21:03:26 <simonjb> Bosmon: really you and Colin had it all figured out, the implementation has been quite straightforward
2016-02-26T21:03:49 <Bosmon> simonjb - I don\'t think anyone else would have found it straightforward :)
2016-02-26T21:05:19 <alanharnum> avtar michelled: ok, am good
2016-02-26T21:05:46 <avtar> my room is unlocked
2016-02-26T21:08:33 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T21:11:18 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T21:15:17 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli - I\'ve merged in your "add-preferences" endpoint into my branch now from https://github.com/amb26/universal/pull/3
2016-02-26T21:15:32 <Bosmon> Thanks so much for the work on that, it has improved the factoring of the architecture significantly
2016-02-26T21:15:42 <cindyli> YAY! thanks, Bosmon
2016-02-26T21:15:48 <Bosmon> I even just referred to this pull on a comment to jhernandez about his architecture diagrams
2016-02-26T21:16:02 <Bosmon> Since it\'s important that we see the "preferences server" as something which is broadly autonomous
2016-02-26T21:17:00 <Bosmon> I just made one tiny grammar fix - the test case comments referred to "the access token whose owner..." which should be "an access token whose owner ... "
2016-02-26T21:18:03 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-26T21:18:41 <cindyli> haha. thanks for the correction, Bosmon. i also learnt a lot by implementing this end point
2016-02-26T21:20:49 <Bosmon> Oh yes, so you did!
2016-02-26T21:20:55 <Bosmon> That reminds me now, as a result of this
2016-02-26T21:21:01 <Bosmon> That it is time to propose you for commit access : P
2016-02-26T21:21:03 * yzen_ has quit
2016-02-26T21:21:19 * jhung has quit
'

b'2016-02-26T00:11:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-26T00:59:53 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-26T01:05:22 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-26T02:02:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-26T02:06:49 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-26T03:06:06 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-26T06:03:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-26T06:07:59 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-26T06:34:25 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-02-26T06:35:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-02-26T07:02:19 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-02-26T07:53:03 * amatas joined the channel
2016-02-26T08:12:08 * bens01 has quit
2016-02-26T08:45:02 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-26T10:08:56 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-26T10:22:53 <gloob> hi
2016-02-26T10:23:07 <gloob> so which is the ideal lower version of Windows we could target?
2016-02-26T10:23:27 <gloob> sgithens: did you have minimal version in LGS?
2016-02-26T10:24:27 <gloob> from gpii/windows README:
2016-02-26T10:24:28 <gloob> Note that tests and function involving the High Contrast setting will fail on all current versions of Windows (including Windows 7 SP1 and Windows 8 SP2) unless the following hotfix from Microsoft is applied: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2516889
2016-02-26T10:24:44 <gloob> so Windows 7 is a no-go, right?
2016-02-26T10:25:03 <gloob> ah ok, it\'s supported
2016-02-26T10:26:32 <gloob> I will use Windows 7-SP1 as minimal
2016-02-26T10:41:44 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-02-26T10:42:45 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-02-26T11:21:28 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-02-26T11:24:04 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-26T11:31:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-26T11:34:45 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-02-26T12:05:10 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-02-26T12:19:39 * amatas joined the channel
2016-02-26T12:44:13 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-26T12:56:47 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-26T13:07:58 * bens01 joined the channel
2016-02-26T13:09:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-26T13:28:42 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-26T13:31:18 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-26T13:36:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-26T13:37:00 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-26T13:40:22 <bens01> hi Justin_o, is it possible to nest transformations in a model relay? I am trying to linear scale a value and feed it into another transformation to discard any decimal places.
2016-02-26T13:40:39 <bens01> Justin_o, https://github.com/pga03/first-discovery/blob/confirmation-panel-updates/src/js/panels.js#L1266-L1278
2016-02-26T13:55:00 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T14:01:37 <michelled> jhung: do you have a few minutes to meet?
2016-02-26T14:02:30 <jhung> michelled:  sure give me a sec.
2016-02-26T14:02:39 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-26T14:04:27 <jhung> call me when ready michelled.
2016-02-26T14:05:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-02-26T14:15:44 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-26T14:16:04 * jessm joined the channel
2016-02-26T14:21:14 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-02-26T14:28:35 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-02-26T14:38:21 * klown joined the channel
2016-02-26T14:40:15 <Justin_o> bens01: sorry, i just saw your message
2016-02-26T14:41:19 <Justin_o> bens01: i believe you can do that, but i don\'t think you can use singleTransform for that.. let me see if i can find you some information
2016-02-26T14:41:59 <Justin_o> http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ModelRelay.html#explicit-model-relay-style
2016-02-26T14:42:08 <Justin_o> bens01:  you\'d use transform instead of singleTransform
2016-02-26T14:43:31 <bens01> i see... would that be transform on the nested one, or both?
2016-02-26T14:43:43 <Justin_o> bens01: both
2016-02-26T14:44:11 <Justin_o> bens01: here\'s an example of a nested transform... https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/framework-tests/core/js/ModelTransformationTests.js#L1156-L1171
2016-02-26T14:45:46 <Justin_o> bens01: it\'s also possible to write your own transformations, if that\'s more appropriate.
2016-02-26T14:45:59 <bens01> ah thank you.. i couldn\'t find a example anywhere
2016-02-26T14:46:41 <bens01> Justin_o, i\'ve created two of my own.. they\'re just wrappers for .toFixed and fluid.stringTemplate, but very nice to have
2016-02-26T14:47:07 <Justin_o> bens01: cool, i think we might already have a stringTemplate one...
2016-02-26T14:47:35 <bens01> could be.. maybe in a later version? I did not find one in the infusion bundled in FD
2016-02-26T14:48:09 <Justin_o> bens01: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/ModelTransformationTransforms.js#L667-L669
2016-02-26T14:49:10 <Justin_o> That was added mid last year, so you should have it. There may be some other transforms in there that you could use that may or may not be documented yet.
2016-02-26T14:53:04 <bens01> hm.. seems to be in a  newer version
2016-02-26T14:53:09 <bens01> we have this: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/9cd0887c677fd00d28f148777a928823ec2e1416/src/framework/core/js/ModelTransformationTransforms.js
2016-02-26T14:53:46 <bens01> also, correction, i didn\'t create a stringTemplate transformer.. i used fluid.transforms.free to call fluid.stringTemplate
2016-02-26T14:54:05 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-26T15:12:08 <Justin_o> bens01: ah okay
2016-02-26T15:18:57 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-02-26T15:21:42 * jhung has quit
2016-02-26T15:34:13 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-02-26T15:37:04 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T15:41:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-26T15:48:42 <Justin_o> bens01: have there been any changes to the deployed instance of the FD Tool since you redeployed yesterday morning?
2016-02-26T15:49:42 <bens01> Justin_o, no
2016-02-26T15:49:53 <bens01> Justin_o, actually, stand by
2016-02-26T15:50:46 <Justin_o> bens01: okay, i\'ll only be around for about another hour today. Please let me know if there is anything you\'d like me to test. I\'ve sent you and John and e-mail regarding the launcher installation; which seems to be working well.
2016-02-26T15:51:23 <bens01> Justin_o, OK. we are hitting retests as well
2016-02-26T15:51:55 <bens01> Justin_o, the one outstanding items is voicing of confirmation panel, that should be ready sometime late afternoon
2016-02-26T15:52:46 <Justin_o> bens01: that\'ll be awesome to have in
2016-02-26T15:53:01 <bens01> that also includes many changes to the confirmation panel in favor of using model relays w/ transforms and data binding
2016-02-26T15:53:25 <Justin_o> bens01: i also added a few more issues to the First Discovery tab of the spreadsheet yesterday, don\'t know if you saw those yet.
2016-02-26T15:53:48 <Justin_o> bens01: oh cool, were you able to get the nested transforms working?
2016-02-26T15:53:53 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-26T15:55:13 <bens01> Justin_o, didn\'t see those yet will take a look. The nested transform is sort of working. I\'m experimenting with getting the value output in the place i want it to be. There seems to be a slight difference between a "regular" transform (not sure what the word for this is) like in the example you linked and inside a model relay doc
2016-02-26T15:55:16 <Justin_o> avtar: thanks for the community meeting boilerplate invitation. https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+meeting+boilerplate+invitation
2016-02-26T15:55:58 <bens01> Justin_o, this is the plan to get voicing of the panel contents if you want to take a look: http://pastebin.com/v89Yms64
2016-02-26T15:56:16 <Justin_o> avtar: do you have any recommendation for the subject line to use with those e-mails... i was thinking something like "Invitiation to speak on (topic)" but am afraid it will sound like spam.
2016-02-26T15:56:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-26T15:57:34 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-02-26T15:59:27 <avtar> Justin_o: i guess it\'s probably best to verify beforehand if the text will agitate spam filters
2016-02-26T15:59:56 <avtar> maybe using something like this? http://spamcheck.postmarkapp.com/
2016-02-26T16:00:47 <Justin_o> avtar: thanks, didn\'t know they had tools for that
2016-02-26T16:01:37 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T16:02:21 <avtar> http://isnotspam.com/
2016-02-26T16:02:40 <avtar> i haven\'t used either of those :P
2016-02-26T16:03:45 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-26T16:03:54 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T16:04:18 <Justin_o> bens01: thanks for sharing... in terms of the upstream fluid.textToSpeech.queueSpeech function, it should handle queueing by default, if the interrupt argument isn\'t set. What you might be able to do instead is in your getCurrentPanelContent method is to fire off request to queueSpeech for each element it finds.
2016-02-26T16:06:15 <bens01> Justin_o, i retested that yesterday after you mentioned it on the stand up. it does in fact queue up when interrupt is false
2016-02-26T16:06:19 <Justin_o> bens01: However, an issue you might run into with the queueing is that you may still be adding to the queue in one method when a user action triggers one of the tooltips. Which might clear the current queue, but if there are still items being added they may be read after... so you might have a situation like "Language English Select to go to next step
2016-02-26T16:06:19 <Justin_o> Onscreen Keyboard Off ..."
2016-02-26T16:07:11 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-02-26T16:11:21 <bens01> Justin_o, i don\'t suppose there is any concept of a locking mechanism in infusion is there?
2016-02-26T16:13:14 <Justin_o> bens01: hmm... not that i can think of, but you\'d still then have an issue of the nav buttons not self voicing while the confirmation was being read.
2016-02-26T16:14:49 <Justin_o> bens01: i think you\'d still want the tooltip to interrupt, and whatever method is adding items to the queue to stop...
2016-02-26T16:18:37 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2016-02-26T16:23:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-26T16:23:45 <jhernandez> simonjb: hey
2016-02-26T16:23:54 <jhernandez> did you take a look at the diagrams?
2016-02-26T16:25:17 <simonjb> hey, yeah jhernandez
2016-02-26T16:25:27 <simonjb> they look really good
2016-02-26T16:25:43 <simonjb> jhernandez: I was wondering though maybe about the lines and not having arrows
2016-02-26T16:26:10 <simonjb> the numbers give a sense of order of operations
2016-02-26T16:26:32 <simonjb> but without the arrows, we don\'t know who initiates communication
2016-02-26T16:27:48 <jhernandez> well, the thing is that some communications are bi-directional and others not, that added some confusion when I tried to put them
2016-02-26T16:28:08 <simonjb> jhernandez: minor formatting thing -- the line coming out of 6 on the overall architecture is curved the wrong way I think?
2016-02-26T16:29:13 <jhernandez> right, I fixed it but didn\'t save it in pdf format
2016-02-26T16:29:19 <simonjb> :)
2016-02-26T16:30:56 <simonjb> for the cases, where the communication is bi-directional, one side always initiates, right? or are there cases where we have both sides able to initiate?
2016-02-26T16:31:45 <simonjb> jhernandez: I have a meeting now, back in 15
2016-02-26T16:36:26 <jhernandez> simonjb: exactly, ie, the context manager receives data from the flowManager, but the context manager also sends data back to the flowManager to trigger changes
2016-02-26T16:37:38 <jhernandez> so yeah, in some cases we have situations where both sides initiate the communication
2016-02-26T16:38:05 <jhernandez> and in order to keep it as simple as possible we decided to drop the arrows
2016-02-26T16:39:44 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2016-02-26T16:40:14 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2016-02-26T16:41:11 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-26T16:44:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-26T16:45:10 <simonjb> ok, got it jhernandez
2016-02-26T16:45:14 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-26T16:47:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-26T16:48:17 <simonjb> jhernandez: I think, for me, I would be interested in seeing what it looks like with arrows as I think it adds important information (and in the case that 2 sides can initiate communication, make the arrow double headed)
2016-02-26T16:48:17 <Justin_o> bens01: i\'m heading offline for the day. I plan on going through another round of testing on Monday. Please let me know if there are any changes to be aware of. Also if you have more questions about Infusion you should be able to contact cindyli or Bosmon here in the channel.
2016-02-26T16:48:46 <bens01> Justin_o, have a great weekend ttyl
2016-02-26T16:48:50 <bens01> thanks for all the help!
2016-02-26T16:50:51 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-26T16:51:33 <bens01> Bosmon, i\'ve updated gpii-binder to specify default unidirectional and method values using bindingOptions on the component and added tests using long & short form with fluid.text and fluid.html
2016-02-26T16:52:16 <bens01> Bosmon, is there a utility like fluid.attr(element) which would set an attribute value on an element?
2016-02-26T16:53:26 <Justin_o> bens01: np, have a great weekend too.
2016-02-26T16:53:27 <Bosmon> bens01 - $.attr() is fine
2016-02-26T16:53:36 <Bosmon> We tend not to duplicate jQuery methods when they already work correctly
2016-02-26T16:54:56 <Bosmon> We only made passthroughs for $.html and $.text because they broke their API contract in an older version
2016-02-26T17:06:28 <jhernandez> simonjb: sure, I can make a version with arrows and show it to you
2016-02-26T17:07:07 <simonjb> thanks jhernandez
2016-02-26T17:14:26 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2016-02-26T17:17:40 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2016-02-26T17:21:03 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
'

