b'2016-01-13T18:07:19 <cindyli> fluid-prefsFramework-server
2016-01-13T18:07:19 <cindyli> infusion-prefsFramework-server
2016-01-13T18:07:30 <cindyli> infusion-prefsServer
2016-01-13T18:08:29 * Justin_o has quit
2016-01-13T18:08:30 * sgithens has quit
2016-01-13T18:08:31 * avtar has quit
2016-01-13T18:08:33 * ewbjr has quit
2016-01-13T18:09:07 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:09:59 <anastasiac> cindyli, michelled: if we followed the first-discovery-server naming convention, that would likely give us prefs-framework-server...
2016-01-13T18:10:12 * anastasiac reviews existing repos
2016-01-13T18:10:51 <anastasiac> most of our repos use a dash; the exceptions are chartAuthoring, videoPlayer and prefsEditors
2016-01-13T18:11:21 <anastasiac> prefsEditors was forked from GPII
2016-01-13T18:11:26 <anastasiac> so we didn\xe2\x80\x99t name it
2016-01-13T18:11:29 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m guessing
2016-01-13T18:12:41 <cindyli> anastasiac: do you think if we should have "infusion" embeded in the new name since the original repo it tries to serve up is called "infusion"?
2016-01-13T18:13:30 <anastasiac> cindyli, do you mean basically that it\xe2\x80\x99s not actually serving up the prefs framework, it\xe2\x80\x99s serving up infusion?
2016-01-13T18:14:17 <cindyli> anastasiac: yes, it\'s pretty much serving up the infusion since it\'s hard to split and only serve the prefs framework. but the goal of this new repo is actually to serve up the prefs framework
2016-01-13T18:14:52 <anastasiac> could it be used as an infusion server, if someone happened to want that?
2016-01-13T18:15:12 * avtar joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:15:12 <cindyli> could be
2016-01-13T18:15:44 * jessm joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:15:57 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m wondering if we call it \xe2\x80\x9cinfusion-server\xe2\x80\x9d then we\xe2\x80\x99re communicating more about its usefulness than \xe2\x80\x9cprefsFramework-server\xe2\x80\x9d would
2016-01-13T18:16:10 <anastasiac> I guess we need to think about what we want to communicate
2016-01-13T18:16:15 <anastasiac> and what we want the server to be used for
2016-01-13T18:16:15 <cindyli> ok
2016-01-13T18:16:16 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:16:26 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:16:26 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2016-01-13T18:16:32 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:16:32 * gtirloni has quit
2016-01-13T18:16:32 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:16:48 <anastasiac> but cindyli, keep in mind that I\xe2\x80\x99m not actually aware of just what this server does, other than the generic phrase \xe2\x80\x9cserves up infusion"
2016-01-13T18:17:28 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m going to guess that it will include a demo uio
2016-01-13T18:17:52 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:20:12 <cindyli> yes, at this point, it\'s used for the demo of UIO and GPII integration, but it could potentially in the future be used for any infusion demos that need to have a controllable server, where we need to write some server code for any purposes, such as communicating with GPII etc
2016-01-13T18:22:46 <anastasiac> well, cindyli, that sounds to me like \xe2\x80\x9cinfusion-server\xe2\x80\x9d, but I\xe2\x80\x99m curious to see what other people think
2016-01-13T18:25:28 * ewbjr joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:25:38 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T18:27:38 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:32:05 <jessm> hey michelled i was thinking two things about the Fluid Team Schedule calendar\xe2\x80\xa6 you mentioned sharing it with someone the other day and so these two things might be even more important. 1. there are meetings on there that aren\xe2\x80\x99t happening (I think), e.g. sonification and 2. all the times are off \xe2\x80\x94 the calendar items show up as Uraguayan time and don\xe2\x80\x99t seem to be corrected in calendars, e.g. my calendar doesn\xe2\x80\x99t convert them and show th
2016-01-13T18:32:05 <jessm> at the right time
2016-01-13T18:32:10 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T18:34:33 <gtirloni> i\'ve noticed the wrong times too. i tried to fix the standup time 3x now and after a few days it comes back to some crazy time
2016-01-13T18:34:38 <jessm> michelled: i have no idea how to solve the uraguayan time issue, can you delete meetings on that calendar that don\xe2\x80\x99t need to be there anymore?
2016-01-13T18:34:49 <jessm> gtirloni: same thing happened to me!
2016-01-13T18:35:53 <anastasiac> gtirloni, jessm: I also have tried to fix up the time zone problems, to no avail. We never had problems before. I wonder if google \xe2\x80\x9cupdated\xe2\x80\x9d something and caused this
2016-01-13T18:37:39 <gtirloni> since everybody can edit events (40+ people) it\'s possible someone has a calendar issue that keeps adjusting the events to "fix" them
2016-01-13T18:37:49 <michelled> sure jessm
2016-01-13T18:39:45 <jessm> michelled: thanks!
2016-01-13T18:40:12 <jessm> gtirloni: this is a good point \xe2\x80\x94 do you have any ideas for how we might troubleshoot it?
2016-01-13T18:41:47 <gtirloni> jessm: i\'d start narrowing down the people that can edit the calendar and start granting permission as needed
2016-01-13T18:43:19 <jessm> gtirloni: that\xe2\x80\x99s so sensible. i have no idea how that might happen \xe2\x80\x94 is there an \xe2\x80\x98owner\xe2\x80\x99 of that calendar?
2016-01-13T18:44:48 <gtirloni> jessm: i think anyone that can "manage sharing" (according to Google\'s own terms) is an owner there.. we\'ve 12 of those people
2016-01-13T18:45:26 <jessm> gtirloni: if i\xe2\x80\x99m one of them, i\xe2\x80\x99m happy to be eliminated in order to solve our Uraguayan time issue!
2016-01-13T18:48:04 <gtirloni> ok, let me review that list and if anyone complain of problem, tell them it\'s my fault :P and we can reconfigure it as needed
2016-01-13T18:48:17 <jessm> gtirloni: thanks yo!
2016-01-13T18:48:56 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T18:51:35 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T19:04:35 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-13T19:07:27 * yzen joined the channel
2016-01-13T19:11:38 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-13T19:12:23 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-13T19:15:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-13T19:16:15 * danayo has quit
2016-01-13T19:17:37 <michelled> jhung: what time is the PhET meeting on Tuesdays supposed to happen at?
2016-01-13T19:23:15 <jhung> 2-3:30p
2016-01-13T19:23:20 <jhung> michelled ^
2016-01-13T19:23:52 <michelled> thx
2016-01-13T19:30:06 * jhung has quit
2016-01-13T19:30:13 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-13T19:30:31 * simonjb has quit
2016-01-13T19:31:39 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-13T19:32:49 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-01-13T19:34:14 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: the community meeting is taking place in the collaboration room locally and fluid-standup via vidyo. The topic will be eHealth and Digital Services Innovation in Sweden
2016-01-13T19:36:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-13T19:37:46 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2016-01-13T19:41:13 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-13T19:42:04 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T20:52:08 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T20:52:42 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-01-13T20:53:32 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-13T20:53:36 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-13T20:54:30 * clown joined the channel
2016-01-13T20:55:34 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-01-13T20:57:34 * yzen_ has quit
2016-01-13T20:57:56 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-01-13T21:01:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-13T21:11:09 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i left a comment on https://github.com/inclusive-design/wordpress-fss-theme/pull/12 about the README
2016-01-13T21:11:21 <anastasiac> k
2016-01-13T21:25:19 <Justin_o> cindyli, anastasiac: i was trying to catch up in the channel logs about the naming of the server repo. I didn\'t notice a conclusion, was there one?
2016-01-13T21:25:35 <cindyli> not yet, Justin_o
2016-01-13T21:26:02 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, i was starting to think when i was reading through the logs if the integration part shouldn\'t be a separate repo too
2016-01-13T21:26:13 <Justin_o> i\'m not sure that\'s the case, but was starting to think about it
2016-01-13T21:26:55 <Justin_o> so we\'d have the integration repo, that would pull in infusion via npm. Mostly i\'m thinking this because we\'ll have a demo in infusion that doesn\'t work.
2016-01-13T21:27:05 <Justin_o> unless it is served up through this special server
2016-01-13T21:27:29 <Justin_o> which, I\'m afraid, will make things look broken.
2016-01-13T21:30:11 <cindyli> Justin_o: any idea of not having a infusion demo that doesn\'t work
2016-01-13T21:30:59 <cindyli> i think if this demo comes with a doc that indicates it needs to work with gpii server and where and how to deploy the server, it might be ok
2016-01-13T21:31:33 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'d say we\'d need that for sure, and maybe something in the demo itself that indicates this for anyone who stumbles upon it on the build site or elsewhere
2016-01-13T21:31:42 * anvk has quit
2016-01-13T21:31:57 <Justin_o> cindyli: i have to head out now, but we can chat more about it tomorrow if you like
2016-01-13T21:32:04 <cindyli> sure
2016-01-13T21:32:20 <cindyli> see you tomorrow.
2016-01-13T21:38:55 * cindyli has quit
2016-01-13T21:47:03 * jessm_ joined the channel
2016-01-13T21:48:02 * jhung has quit
2016-01-13T21:49:14 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-13T21:49:14 * jhung has quit
2016-01-13T21:49:55 * jessm_ is now known as jessm
2016-01-13T21:55:15 * kasparnet has quit
2016-01-13T21:56:10 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-13T22:01:29 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2016-01-13T22:02:09 * clown has quit
2016-01-13T22:04:27 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T22:11:03 * jhung has quit
2016-01-13T22:23:54 * amatas has quit
2016-01-13T22:35:13 * jessm has quit
2016-01-13T22:36:21 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-13T22:43:22 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-13T22:50:38 * danayo has quit
2016-01-13T23:37:34 * Justin_o has quit
2016-01-13T23:58:56 * bens__ has quit
'

b'2016-01-13T00:44:17 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T01:38:35 * yzen joined the channel
2016-01-13T01:47:33 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T01:52:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T01:56:23 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-13T01:59:23 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T01:59:57 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T02:03:22 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-13T02:42:28 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-01-13T02:46:59 * yzen_ has quit
2016-01-13T04:11:45 * yzen joined the channel
2016-01-13T04:24:30 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-01-13T04:26:17 * yzen has quit
2016-01-13T04:26:22 * yzen__ joined the channel
2016-01-13T04:28:54 * yzen_ has quit
2016-01-13T04:32:05 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T05:19:31 * yzen__ is now known as yzen_
2016-01-13T05:24:08 * yzen_ has quit
2016-01-13T07:28:47 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-13T08:10:08 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-13T10:20:32 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-13T10:25:26 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-13T11:07:40 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-01-13T11:09:58 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-13T11:16:43 * amatas joined the channel
2016-01-13T12:20:35 * bens__ joined the channel
2016-01-13T12:56:21 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-13T12:56:21 * jhung has quit
2016-01-13T12:56:34 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-13T13:05:01 * zamcnema joined the channel
2016-01-13T13:27:31 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-01-13T13:56:53 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:02:17 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:04:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:08:35 * yzen joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:17:26 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-01-13T14:21:46 * yzen_ has quit
2016-01-13T14:35:46 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-01-13T14:40:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:40:38 * yzen joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:45:25 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:45:43 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:53:09 * anvk joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:55:36 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-13T14:56:24 * danayo has quit
2016-01-13T15:00:05 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-01-13T15:04:23 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-13T15:04:26 * clown joined the channel
2016-01-13T15:16:33 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-13T15:29:11 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T15:31:24 * Jess_ has quit
2016-01-13T15:33:37 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-01-13T15:34:52 * Jess_ has quit
2016-01-13T15:43:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T15:46:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T15:53:59 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-13T15:55:16 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T15:56:34 * jhung has left the channel
2016-01-13T15:57:01 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-01-13T16:00:00 <zamcnema> Justin_o: I\'ve been looking over the code from the fulpreviewprefsEditor and at the enactor documentation on the infusion webiste
2016-01-13T16:00:35 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T16:01:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T16:03:39 <zamcnema> Justin_o: The only example that it really shows is how to do the table of contents. If I need to connect the preview to say the contrast. do i add that as a selector under the contrast preference enactor section and then add the default css class to the body of the preview?
2016-01-13T16:04:38 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T16:05:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T16:13:40 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2016-01-13T16:15:30 <Justin_o> zamcnema: so you got the url for the preview working?
2016-01-13T16:16:00 <zamcnema> Justin_o: I looked at it some more, but I had to make the call to move on.
2016-01-13T16:18:13 <Justin_o> zamcnema: okay... so for this new task, did you make use of the "fluid.prefs.fullPreview" grade at all
2016-01-13T16:18:35 <Justin_o> that should help with wiring up the enactors to the preview
2016-01-13T16:19:10 <zamcnema> Justin_o: I remember you mentioning it, but I wasn\'t sure where to use it at
2016-01-13T16:21:27 <Justin_o> zamcnema: you could use that as a gradeName of the "gpii.firstDiscovery.firstDiscoveryEditor"
2016-01-13T16:22:33 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-13T16:25:30 <Justin_o> zamcnema: did you want to setup a time to pair on this for a bit
2016-01-13T16:27:34 <zamcnema> Justin_o: Yea we could do that, if your not too busy. What time would you like to meet up?
2016-01-13T16:28:02 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-01-13T16:28:38 <Justin_o> hmm.. i think i should have time from 1 - 2:30pm EST today
2016-01-13T16:28:39 <zamcnema> Justin_o: I added the fluid.prefs.fullPreview to the gradeNames under the fluid.defaults("gpii.firstDiscovery.fistdiscoveryEditor"
2016-01-13T16:29:49 <Justin_o> zamcnema: okay, did that help?
2016-01-13T16:30:47 <zamcnema> Justin_o: yea, i\'m not sure how, but it did
2016-01-13T16:31:21 <zamcnema> Justin_o: that time is fine for me Justin
2016-01-13T16:33:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T16:40:58 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-13T16:47:03 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-13T16:47:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T16:48:16 <Justin_o> zamcnema: that\'s great for both :)
2016-01-13T16:55:38 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-13T16:57:27 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-13T17:04:14 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-01-13T17:42:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-13T17:43:41 <kasparnet> hey there simonjb and cindyli
2016-01-13T17:44:45 <kasparnet> I\'m sitting in Lux with jhernandez with our sauna and big-screen infused airbnb, enjoying neither because we\'re instead panicking about the review demos :)
2016-01-13T17:44:56 <kasparnet> things are looking relatively decent now though
2016-01-13T17:45:39 <kasparnet> and you\'d be happy to hear that in our first walkthrough of the demos, online banking was the only one to actually work flawlessly (with the exception of the URL being pointed to by the PMT)
2016-01-13T17:46:07 <kasparnet> anyway - Javi and I talked about tweaking "li"s NP set a bit, setting the speech rate higher
2016-01-13T17:46:19 <kasparnet> but it doesn\'t seem to be affected by changes on the preferences server
2016-01-13T17:46:40 <kasparnet> which configuration is being used (or perhaps rather, what preferences server is being used)?
2016-01-13T17:46:53 <kasparnet> alanharnum might know as well
2016-01-13T17:47:57 <cindyli> kasparnet: did you change the li.json file to set a higher speech rate?
2016-01-13T17:48:01 <cindyli> for user "li"
2016-01-13T17:48:02 <alanharnum> kasparnet: are you hitting preferences.gpii.net?
2016-01-13T17:48:08 <kasparnet> yup
2016-01-13T17:48:12 <cindyli> i think that data needs to be imported into the couchDB
2016-01-13T17:48:23 <alanharnum> let me double check if the dataloader process is working automatically
2016-01-13T17:48:26 <kasparnet> well - preferences.gpii.net works for all the other demos
2016-01-13T17:48:42 <kasparnet> and I can modify li\'s NP set there just fine as well
2016-01-13T17:49:31 <kasparnet> the issue seems to be that the preferences server that "staging-review4-fm.inclusivedesign.ca/privacy-settings" is hitting isn\'t that one
2016-01-13T17:49:43 <alanharnum> ah yeah
2016-01-13T17:49:47 <alanharnum> those are separate instances
2016-01-13T17:49:53 <kasparnet> (or at least I\'m getting the \'old\' NP set of li)
2016-01-13T17:50:01 <kasparnet> ah ok
2016-01-13T17:50:10 <kasparnet> so I should try again with the flowmanager.gpii.net proper?
2016-01-13T17:50:17 <kasparnet> I can do that real quick
2016-01-13T17:51:05 <alanharnum> gimme a moment to write a quick gist
2016-01-13T17:51:51 <gloob> kasparnet: ey! good luck with that
2016-01-13T17:52:18 <gloob> kasparnet: and hi
2016-01-13T17:52:27 <alanharnum> kasparnet: https://gist.github.com/waharnum/2cc4f8c98e152fb7b1f8
2016-01-13T17:52:39 <kasparnet> heya gloob - and welcome to the club!
2016-01-13T17:52:44 <gloob> clown: SCHEUHAMMER
2016-01-13T17:53:01 <gloob> kasparnet: \\o/
2016-01-13T17:53:01 <alanharnum> if you want to see changes reflected on preferences.gpii.net, go through flowmanager.gpii.net
2016-01-13T17:53:14 <clown> gloob: LIEVA
2016-01-13T17:53:24 <alanharnum> whereas the staging-* hostnames talk to each other
2016-01-13T17:53:26 * clown whoops
2016-01-13T17:53:34 <clown> LEIVA, rather
2016-01-13T17:55:15 <alanharnum> i wouldn\'t use the staging-review4-*.inclusivedesign.ca hosts any more, we\'ve cut over to the gpii ones - those hosts should still work but they\'re not "official"
2016-01-13T17:55:28 <kasparnet> awesome!! that worked alanharnum
2016-01-13T17:55:31 <alanharnum> s/hosts/hostnames
2016-01-13T17:55:37 <kasparnet> cheers
2016-01-13T17:55:44 <alanharnum> ok great! thanks kasparnet
2016-01-13T17:55:50 <kasparnet> i\'ll come whining again if other stuff shows up
2016-01-13T17:55:58 <alanharnum> haha please do
2016-01-13T17:56:01 <kasparnet> (ie. we decide to do other last minute changes)
2016-01-13T17:56:35 <alanharnum> at this point thanks to gtirloni\'s awesome automation work we can pretty painless accomodate last-minute changes :)
2016-01-13T18:00:02 <simonjb> hi kasparnet, sorry was away from my computer -- looks like you were able to get things resolved?
2016-01-13T18:00:20 <Justin_o> zamcnema: want to pair up now, and what would be the best way to do that for you?
2016-01-13T18:00:48 <zamcnema> Justin_o: bens__  mentioned that we could use the zoom meeting room
2016-01-13T18:01:14 <Justin_o> zamcnema: ah okay... that\'ll work
2016-01-13T18:01:36 <zamcnema> Justin_o: if you\'d prefer something else that works to
2016-01-13T18:01:54 <Justin_o> zamcnema: no it should be fine
2016-01-13T18:01:59 <Justin_o> zamcnema: i\'m ready now if you are
2016-01-13T18:02:03 <kasparnet> simonjb: indeed
2016-01-13T18:02:13 <bens__> https://zoom.us/j/3935010675
2016-01-13T18:02:26 <kasparnet> simonjb, cindyli: and thanks for that security demo - it\'s really, really awesome!
2016-01-13T18:02:29 <simonjb> kasparnet: ok great, also, we how have both http and https for flowmanager.gpii.net
2016-01-13T18:02:30 <zamcnema> Justin_o: okay
2016-01-13T18:02:34 <Justin_o> bens__: thanks
2016-01-13T18:02:50 <simonjb> kasparnet: I tested the https and it was working well for me
2016-01-13T18:07:01 <cindyli> anastasiac, michelled, for the UIO + GPII integration, we need to server UIO from a server in order to send requests to the GPII security server. something similar as first-discovery-server repo. Justin_o and I are thinking to use the similar approach we used for the first discovery tool, that is to create a separate repo for this server. what name do you think is suitable for this repo. our brainstorming so far:
2016-01-13T18:07:19 <cindyli> prefsFramework-server
'

