b'2016-01-27T16:25:25 <Bosmon> Yes
2016-01-27T16:25:36 <Bosmon> But I imagine that all the race conditions that it turns up are actually real
2016-01-27T16:25:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: just more evident in that environment
2016-01-27T16:25:54 <Bosmon> Justin_o - right
2016-01-27T16:33:40 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-01-27T16:39:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-01-27T16:40:40 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-27T16:42:08 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-27T16:42:10 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-27T16:52:01 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-01-27T17:00:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-27T17:01:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-27T17:04:23 * scott_gonzalez_ is now known as scott_gonzalez
2016-01-27T17:04:54 * clown joined the channel
2016-01-27T17:05:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cindyli figured out the issue i was having with the getting the tooltips unit tests running. It turned out I had written two components with the same name and was trying to use one as the subcomponent of the other.
2016-01-27T17:06:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i still have to write the actual tests though to show the issue with the iframe and tooltip, but i\'ll have to cycle back to that later.
2016-01-27T17:07:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cool, great you found the issue
2016-01-27T17:45:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: well cindyli found it.. i would have been going in circles a few more days
2016-01-27T17:46:14 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'m looking at the FLUID-5804 pull request. It seems that the "Note" styling you added is being stripped out of the generated doc.
2016-01-27T17:46:48 <anastasiac> really, Justin_o? I checked, and it seemed to be there for me\xe2\x80\xa6 which page are you lookin gat?
2016-01-27T17:48:16 <Justin_o> ChangeApplierAPI
2016-01-27T17:48:37 <Justin_o> anastasiac: :(
2016-01-27T17:48:38 <Justin_o> never mind
2016-01-27T17:48:45 <Justin_o> the page was cached in the browser
2016-01-27T17:48:50 <anastasiac> :-)
2016-01-27T17:58:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-01-27T18:03:30 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-27T18:10:46 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-27T18:17:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-01-27T18:17:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think you\'ve been working on a moderately portable kind of event binding system, is it part of the FD tool or somewhere else?
2016-01-27T18:17:36 <Bosmon> I\'m wondering if this can be pressed into service for the chart authoring work
2016-01-27T18:29:08 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2016-01-27T18:46:02 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-01-27T18:50:16 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-27T18:50:21 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-27T18:52:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-27T18:53:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-27T18:55:10 * Jess__ joined the channel
2016-01-27T18:57:15 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-27T19:12:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. not sure if recall what you are referring too
2016-01-27T19:12:30 <Justin_o> what were you thinking it would be used for with the chart authoring, maybe that\'ll jog my memory
2016-01-27T19:13:01 <Bosmon> Justin_o - https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/pull/11/files#r51027808
2016-01-27T19:18:57 <Justin_o> hmm.. i don\'t think we have anything in particular
2016-01-27T19:19:38 <Justin_o> at least i can\'t locate it in FD, unless it was for something else
2016-01-27T19:26:51 <Justin_o> sorry :(
2016-01-27T19:31:39 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-27T19:31:58 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: The community meeting today is a retrospective on communication in our community
2016-01-27T19:34:50 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2016-01-27T19:36:06 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: the pirate pad for the community meeting http://piratepad.net/OklTcOw1wh
2016-01-27T19:37:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-27T20:01:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-01-27T20:02:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-27T20:08:26 * jhernandez has quit
2016-01-27T20:13:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-27T20:13:49 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-27T21:03:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-27T21:06:32 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-27T21:11:34 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-27T21:11:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-27T21:12:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-01-27T21:22:34 * anvk has quit
2016-01-27T21:56:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-01-27T22:00:07 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-01-27T22:35:36 * Jess__ has quit
2016-01-27T22:50:55 * jhernandez joined the channel
'

b'2016-01-27T01:12:27 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-27T01:56:00 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-27T03:02:03 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-27T04:05:48 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-01-27T04:09:53 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-01-27T04:10:08 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-01-27T06:47:19 * amatas joined the channel
2016-01-27T08:03:23 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-27T08:03:41 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-27T08:04:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-27T08:52:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-27T09:07:38 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-27T09:15:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-27T09:18:52 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-27T11:07:48 * amatas joined the channel
2016-01-27T11:49:59 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-27T12:33:44 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-27T12:46:41 * Bosmon joined the channel
2016-01-27T13:11:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-01-27T13:26:59 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-01-27T13:46:35 * zamcnema joined the channel
2016-01-27T13:49:16 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-27T13:57:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-27T13:57:46 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:01:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:07:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:10:02 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:10:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:13:09 <jhung> Justin_o: Do you have time to sync up?
2016-01-27T14:14:37 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-27T14:14:43 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:16:00 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:17:45 <Justin_o> jhung: sure
2016-01-27T14:17:58 <jhung> now okay?
2016-01-27T14:18:15 <Justin_o> jhung: yep
2016-01-27T14:29:46 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-01-27T14:29:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:32:33 * anvk joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:34:21 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-27T14:34:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:39:25 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:39:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-01-27T14:43:44 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-01-27T15:01:14 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-27T15:01:35 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-27T15:01:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-27T15:02:50 * clown joined the channel
2016-01-27T15:15:02 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i left some more comments on the FLUID-5804 pull request
2016-01-27T15:15:09 <anastasiac> thanks, Justin_o
2016-01-27T15:18:15 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'m looking at https://github.com/inclusive-design/infusion-videoPlayer-wp-plugin/pull/7 now
2016-01-27T15:18:23 <anastasiac> k
2016-01-27T15:18:30 <Justin_o> anastasiac: would you be able to show me this running on your setup?
2016-01-27T15:18:41 <anastasiac> sure
2016-01-27T15:18:56 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks, let me know when would be a good time for you
2016-01-27T15:19:11 <anastasiac> now\xe2\x80\x99s fine, Justin_o
2016-01-27T15:19:20 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay
2016-01-27T15:28:23 <clown> Justin_o, this just in:  Mozilla has made a decision on weather they will expose elements with css display:none but also with aria-hidden="false".
2016-01-27T15:28:49 <clown> They essentially have come decided that the csss wins.
2016-01-27T15:29:18 <Justin_o> clown: okay what about the inverse?
2016-01-27T15:29:37 * clown "come decided" = mixture of "come down to" and "decided that".
2016-01-27T15:30:07 <Justin_o> coining new phrases? :)
2016-01-27T15:30:14 <clown> Justin_o, here\'s the url to the bugzilla: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=945194#c64
2016-01-27T15:30:35 * clown looks for the opposite case
2016-01-27T15:32:03 <clown> Justin_o:  found a meta bug;  https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=974351
2016-01-27T15:33:42 <clown> just to be clear, the opposite case is where aria-hidden="true", but the element is rendered onscreen, meaning don\'t expose it, even though it visually present?
2016-01-27T15:34:43 <Justin_o> clown: yes
2016-01-27T15:34:49 <clown> I think this qualifies, also mared as "resolved wontfix":  https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=780888
2016-01-27T15:37:12 <clown> there are other factors here:  suppose the aria-hidden element is focusable.  Then there will be a focus event in the a11y API, if the element ever gets focus.  What should the a11y event say is the source, if nothing is in the tree?
2016-01-27T15:38:57 <Justin_o> clown: right, so is it the case that if the element isn\'t focusable that it won\'t be reported by the AT... or at least that it is marked that it shouldn\'t be reported?
2016-01-27T15:41:22 <clown> I want to say, "not in FF", but following the discussion in that bugzilla is tricky.  It sounds like if there is no other reason for putting it in the a11y tree (e.g., focus, some other state or state change, etc.), then aria-hidden="true" will have an effect.
2016-01-27T15:41:27 <clown> Do you have an example?
2016-01-27T15:42:11 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-27T15:42:47 <Justin_o> clown: well let\'s say that you put aria-hidden on a link for example.. although that would be strange
2016-01-27T15:43:05 <clown> a link is focusable.
2016-01-27T15:43:33 <Justin_o> michelled, anastasiac: wondering about the QA test plans for FD. Should i put those in the fluid wiki or as  a Google Doc in the folder that is set up for other PGA documents?
2016-01-27T15:43:57 <michelled> I think the wiki
2016-01-27T15:44:11 <michelled> since FD will be something we continue to use past the end of the PGA project
2016-01-27T15:44:42 <Justin_o> michelled: okay, although there may be aspects of it that are specific to this instance.. depending on how the installation and GPII integration goes
2016-01-27T15:45:11 <michelled> I think that\'s ok, Justin_o
2016-01-27T15:45:18 <michelled> we can make it more general when we need to
2016-01-27T15:45:24 <Justin_o> michelled: okay
2016-01-27T15:45:39 <michelled> just be clear on the page that it is specific
2016-01-27T15:46:06 <Justin_o> okay
2016-01-27T15:47:40 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-01-27T15:51:36 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o - I wonder if you have any memory about this issue relating to whitespace linting for the core framework
2016-01-27T15:51:37 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/pull/11/files#r50906013
2016-01-27T15:51:43 <Bosmon> I seem to remember that we planned to do it
2016-01-27T15:52:01 <Bosmon> And the fact that we haven\'t now means that people are copying our ancient .jshintrc into new projects
2016-01-27T15:53:59 <anastasiac> Justin_o: docs pull request ready for another look https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/80
2016-01-27T15:54:42 * scott_gonzalez_ joined the channel
2016-01-27T16:00:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: regarding whitespace, i believe we kept an old version of jshint to preserve the whitespace check
2016-01-27T16:00:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that\'s right
2016-01-27T16:01:02 <Bosmon> So it is puzzling that we are not actually DOING the whitespace check
2016-01-27T16:01:07 <Bosmon> Can you remember anything about why we are not?
2016-01-27T16:01:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: not really, i know that jshint had given up on it at some point, but don\'t know why it\'s missing.. did you see when it was removed?
2016-01-27T16:03:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - As far as I can see, it was never there
2016-01-27T16:03:52 <Bosmon> I don\'t see any history for .jshintrc before this commit of yours: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/commit/39230102827fcdd26d94b9991a55231854598955
2016-01-27T16:04:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so we never had it eh
2016-01-27T16:04:44 <Bosmon> Perhaps we just used to have "ad hoc" linting rules in the header comments of files before
2016-01-27T16:04:51 <Justin_o> i wonder if it was on by default in jshint
2016-01-27T16:05:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i believe i didn\'t include things that were not longer used and possible if it was the default, but can\'t remember
2016-01-27T16:05:32 <Bosmon> I don\'t believe it was ever the default
2016-01-27T16:05:43 <Bosmon> I guess it is one of these things that simply got lost when introducing the grunt tasks
2016-01-27T16:05:51 <Bosmon> I guess it\'s time for a big LINTING PULL before we release 2.0
2016-01-27T16:06:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  i\'m not sure, i know we talked about it, so there must be a reason it isn\'t there.. maybe in the mailing list archive
2016-01-27T16:06:11 <Bosmon> michelled, Justin_o - do you think we\'ll have time for planning a 2.0 release fairly soon?
2016-01-27T16:07:12 <michelled> hmmm\xe2\x80\xa6 that\'s a good question Bosmon
2016-01-27T16:07:29 <michelled> are there a lot of new features? Or just a full regression testing?
2016-01-27T16:07:44 <Bosmon> I can\'t remember how long it has been since we did any testing :)
2016-01-27T16:07:46 <michelled> sorry, I should be clearer - do we still need to build a lot of new features?
2016-01-27T16:07:58 <Bosmon> michelled - what is in trunk is pretty much what we want to release, I think
2016-01-27T16:08:09 <Bosmon> Justin_o got in my last framework pull a couple of weeks ago
2016-01-27T16:08:20 <michelled> we did some in the summer I think
2016-01-27T16:08:44 <Bosmon> The current framework is fairly stable and pretty widely used
2016-01-27T16:08:50 <Bosmon> For example, the-t-in-rtf has updated all his projects to it
2016-01-27T16:09:11 <michelled> Bosmon: we have a lot on our plates for mid Feb with the Hewlett grantees meeting and the P4A face to face falling at the same time
2016-01-27T16:09:15 <Bosmon> ok
2016-01-27T16:09:25 <Bosmon> So let\'s pencil it in for late Feb then
2016-01-27T16:09:26 <michelled> maybe we could do a release after that
2016-01-27T16:09:51 <michelled> ok, I\'ll put it on my roadmap
2016-01-27T16:10:02 <Bosmon> awesome :)
2016-01-27T16:10:52 <michelled> Bosmon: if you ever feel like we could use a good once over in regards to testing, let me know - we can schedule that sort of thing for a community meeting
2016-01-27T16:10:56 <michelled> it worked well the last time
2016-01-27T16:11:07 <Bosmon> ok cool
2016-01-27T16:11:21 <Bosmon> Well let\'s write it in for the meeting after P4A
2016-01-27T16:11:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i found this in the mailing list archive http://lists.idrc.ocad.ca/pipermail/fluid-work/2014-April/009361.html
2016-01-27T16:11:37 <Justin_o> which would suggest that it did work at some point
2016-01-27T16:11:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2016-01-27T16:12:13 <Bosmon> What I\'m imagining was that we used to have a mixture of different jshint global comments at the head of our files
2016-01-27T16:12:20 <Bosmon> And when we made the grunt scripts we just "picked one"
2016-01-27T16:13:18 <Justin_o> that mailing list archive is from after we switched to grunt
2016-01-27T16:13:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2016-01-27T16:14:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, odd
2016-01-27T16:15:22 <Bosmon> It\'s true, your Gruntfile commit is from the previous month
2016-01-27T16:15:24 <Bosmon> Oh well
2016-01-27T16:15:34 <Bosmon> My sense is that this is just an oversight of some kind...
2016-01-27T16:18:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess we could try putting it back in and see what happens
2016-01-27T16:19:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon, michelled: i think there are a few more pull requests we\'ll want to get in before a 2.0 release too, at least FLUID-5730 and FLUID-5832
2016-01-27T16:20:21 <Justin_o> pretty much everything above the "Mothballed" one should probably go in
2016-01-27T16:20:27 <Justin_o> though
2016-01-27T16:22:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - definitely those two, yes
2016-01-27T16:23:18 <Bosmon> Justin_o - this one looks awkward
2016-01-27T16:23:19 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/657
2016-01-27T16:23:30 <Bosmon> It\'s hard to believe that the particular pull request is relevant to the problem
2016-01-27T16:23:53 <Bosmon> Since when talking to avtar yesterday, he said that he could observe a similar failure in his QI testing work on current trunk
2016-01-27T16:24:03 <Justin_o> hmm
2016-01-27T16:24:05 <Justin_o> interesting
2016-01-27T16:24:28 <Bosmon> It\'s possible that the pull request makes an existing timing problem slightly worse.....
2016-01-27T16:24:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s possible
2016-01-27T16:25:18 <Justin_o> There were a bunch of timing issues with the QI stuff in sauce labs though
'

