b"2016-10-04T21:58:15 <Bosmon> I agree that these should be logged at a lower priority
2016-10-04T21:58:21 <colinclark> ok
2016-10-04T21:58:47 <Bosmon> If you'd care to draw up a pull, I will merge it instantly :)
2016-10-04T22:01:12 <colinclark> I was just going to say
2016-10-04T22:01:32 <colinclark> I might be a bit slow, this grant has to get done first
2016-10-04T22:01:33 <colinclark> but I am happy to
2016-10-04T22:04:39 <Bosmon> awesome
2016-10-04T22:04:49 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T22:12:46 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-04T22:18:32 * jessm has quit
2016-10-04T22:49:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T23:35:12 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-10-04T23:35:17 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-10-04T23:38:18 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-10-04T23:45:07 * colinclark has quit
"

b'2016-10-04T17:09:27 * kasparnet has quit
2016-10-04T17:13:25 * jhung_away_lunch is now known as jhung
2016-10-04T17:23:12 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T17:24:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T17:27:18 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-10-04T17:27:30 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-04T17:31:34 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-10-04T17:35:58 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T17:37:15 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-10-04T17:38:23 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-04T17:39:07 * stegru has quit
2016-10-04T17:49:22 <gtirloni> running npm3 with `node --stack-size=2048` works around this issue for now
2016-10-04T17:49:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-04T17:50:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T17:54:00 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-04T17:57:19 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-10-04T18:04:09 * clown has quit
2016-10-04T18:09:48 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T18:11:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon2, colinclark, alanharnum: here\'s the new JIRA pertaining to published packages for Infusion 2.0 https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5978
2016-10-04T18:13:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T18:13:16 <Justin_o> colinclark: ^
2016-10-04T18:16:33 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-04T18:27:55 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T18:30:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T18:38:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-04T18:41:01 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T18:48:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T18:53:11 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-04T18:53:17 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2016-10-04T18:57:41 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-04T18:59:02 * simonjb has quit
2016-10-04T19:00:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-04T19:01:58 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-04T19:02:01 * michelled has quit
2016-10-04T19:03:55 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-10-04T19:05:25 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-04T19:24:32 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-10-04T19:39:47 <Bosmon2> Oh hey simonjb - thanks so much for this merge :)
2016-10-04T19:40:39 <simonjb> Bosmon2: you are very welcome -- it was my first GPII merge :)
2016-10-04T19:42:58 <Bosmon2> simonjb congrats :)
2016-10-04T19:48:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-10-04T20:00:43 * clown_mtg has quit
2016-10-04T20:06:23 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-04T20:10:02 <gtirloni> cindyli avtar: proposed workaround for npm 3.x with symlinks off -- https://github.com/idi-ops/ansible-nodejs/pull/33
2016-10-04T20:20:54 <cindyli> gtirloni: to use this branch, do you think i can make this change in provisioning/requirement.yml
2016-10-04T20:20:55 <cindyli> - src: https://github.com/gtirloni/ansible-role-nodejs/tree/npm3-stack-issue
2016-10-04T20:20:55 <cindyli> name: nodejs
2016-10-04T20:21:09 <cindyli> not sure if it recognizes "/tree"
2016-10-04T20:21:20 <gtirloni> try it like this:
2016-10-04T20:21:22 <gtirloni> - src: git+https://github.com/gtirloni/ansible-role-nodejs.git
2016-10-04T20:21:22 <gtirloni> scm: git
2016-10-04T20:21:23 <gtirloni> name: nodejs
2016-10-04T20:21:23 <gtirloni> version: npm3-stack-issue
2016-10-04T20:22:04 <cindyli> thanks. starting vagrant
2016-10-04T20:22:49 <avtar> thanks cindyli
2016-10-04T20:22:52 <avtar> i\'ll give it a shot
2016-10-04T20:23:02 <avtar> and thanks gtirloni, obvi
2016-10-04T20:24:08 <gtirloni> thank you above all
2016-10-04T20:24:57 <gtirloni> but really.. thanks npm3 and vbox shared folders, which without we wouldn\'t have huge headaches
2016-10-04T20:29:20 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T20:29:35 * simonjb has quit
2016-10-04T20:33:52 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-04T20:35:32 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-10-04T20:36:36 <cindyli> works like a charm! YAY!! thanks, avtar, gtirloni
2016-10-04T20:36:52 <gtirloni> cool!
2016-10-04T20:36:56 <gtirloni> thanks for testing
2016-10-04T20:37:16 <cindyli> thanks for the fix, gtirloni, that\'s the most important part :)
2016-10-04T20:37:26 <gtirloni> :)
2016-10-04T20:37:58 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-04T20:40:24 <avtar> cindyli, gtirloni: worked here as well
2016-10-04T20:41:01 <cindyli> avtar: which platform did u try?
2016-10-04T20:41:08 <avtar> windows 10
2016-10-04T20:41:14 <cindyli> cool. mac here
2016-10-04T20:41:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T20:42:48 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-10-04T20:44:30 <avtar> gtirloni: just to confirm, this https://github.com/idi-ops/ansible-nodejs/pull/33 is the only pr we care about and not the one you made last week?
2016-10-04T20:46:02 * jhung has quit
2016-10-04T20:46:46 <gtirloni> avtar: the one i made last week doesn\'t seem necessary anymore
2016-10-04T20:46:48 <gtirloni> correct
2016-10-04T20:51:31 <Justin_o> colinclark, alanharn_: what did we say for the structure of the dist directory
2016-10-04T20:51:40 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-10-04T20:51:58 <Justin_o> was it dist > concatenated files, dist > assets
2016-10-04T20:52:08 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-10-04T20:52:11 <Justin_o> i\'d almost rather just call assets source though
2016-10-04T20:52:25 <alanharnum> Justin_o: that was the structure discussed, yeah
2016-10-04T20:52:35 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2016-10-04T20:53:01 <Justin_o> i\'m thinking source instead of assets because it can be used to make custom builds
2016-10-04T20:53:02 <alanharnum> the "assets" name for CSS/images/static HTML matches the convention used in a lot of other frameworks, which i think is why colinclark suggested it
2016-10-04T20:53:03 <Justin_o> thoughts?
2016-10-04T20:53:06 <Justin_o> alanharnum: ^
2016-10-04T20:53:12 * cindyli has quit
2016-10-04T20:53:23 <alanharnum> hm
2016-10-04T20:53:28 <alanharnum> i don\'t have a strong preference
2016-10-04T20:53:43 <colinclark> I missed the question
2016-10-04T20:53:46 <colinclark> or maybe i didn\'t
2016-10-04T20:54:09 <alanharnum> "assets" does have an association with precompiled / optimized assets like minified single-file CSS, etc
2016-10-04T20:54:16 <alanharnum> which this is not
2016-10-04T20:54:29 <Justin_o> colinclark: yah, just a few messages up
2016-10-04T20:55:42 * kavya has quit
2016-10-04T20:56:24 <colinclark> I think we said dist/ will contain: a) each of the conconcatenated pre-built JS files and b) a directory called "assets" or "resources" or something, which contains all the "other stuff" for every component in Infusion
2016-10-04T20:56:30 <colinclark> i.e. html, css, message bundles, etc.
2016-10-04T20:56:43 <colinclark> is that right, Justin_o and alanharnum and Bosmon2?
2016-10-04T20:56:58 * simonjb has quit
2016-10-04T20:57:07 <alanharnum> yup - i think we\'re mostly discussing what that b) directory should be called
2016-10-04T20:57:12 <colinclark> ok, sorry
2016-10-04T20:57:24 <Justin_o> colinclark, alanharnum: just thought about how all of the source is already contained within the npm repo, what\'s the need to have a second copy of it in dist?
2016-10-04T20:57:45 <colinclark> I think the issue was being able to easily copy it over?
2016-10-04T20:58:02 <alanharnum> Justin_o: I think there\'s a case to be made for developer convenience, so they can copy over all the non-code assets without having to pick and choose them from the /src directory
2016-10-04T20:58:39 <Justin_o> alanharnum: i think almost everything would have to be in there though so that we could allow for builds to be run
2016-10-04T20:59:05 <Justin_o> perhaps it just won\'t include tests and maybe the release notes?
2016-10-04T21:00:11 <Justin_o> well.. i guess it could just be the src directory, package.json, and the grunt file. although not all of the grunt tasks would be usable.
2016-10-04T21:03:16 <colinclark> I\'m not sure I understand, Justin_o
2016-10-04T21:03:28 <colinclark> one wouldn\'t run builds from the dist/ directory, right?
2016-10-04T21:03:40 <Justin_o> okay, that\'s what i\'m trying to understand thanks
2016-10-04T21:03:57 <Justin_o> i should double check the npm ignore though
2016-10-04T21:04:26 <colinclark> yup, that makes sense
2016-10-04T21:04:32 <colinclark> I just ran a build just to make sure I understood it
2016-10-04T21:04:43 * clown has quit
2016-10-04T21:04:44 <colinclark> but it looks like it doesn\'t produce a directory that is itself re-buildable
2016-10-04T21:04:47 <colinclark> which is entirely reasonable
2016-10-04T21:05:18 <colinclark> so dist and build can both be understood as containing some form of "final" assets
2016-10-04T21:06:36 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-04T21:07:22 <Justin_o> colinclark: are we still going to be pushing the build directory to npm?
2016-10-04T21:07:27 <colinclark> no
2016-10-04T21:07:29 <colinclark> only dist
2016-10-04T21:07:36 <colinclark> build will be for your own custom builds
2016-10-04T21:07:44 <colinclark> so it should be ignored, I guess
2016-10-04T21:07:55 <Justin_o> i think it is, but i\'ll double check
2016-10-04T21:08:01 <colinclark> by both git and npm
2016-10-04T21:08:33 <Justin_o> yes, it is by both
2016-10-04T21:09:26 <colinclark> cool
2016-10-04T21:12:09 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-10-04T21:17:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon2: I have both of these infusion-docs PRs assigned to you https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A%22Infusion+2.0+Release%22
2016-10-04T21:17:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon2: will you be able to look at them, or would you prefer if i reassign them to someone else?
2016-10-04T21:18:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-04T21:43:43 * Bosmon2 is now known as Bosmon
2016-10-04T21:43:57 <Bosmon> colinclark - broadly yes to your question above on what dist contains
2016-10-04T21:44:08 <colinclark> BROADLY YES
2016-10-04T21:44:33 <Bosmon> a) yes each of the "principal builds" that we produce
2016-10-04T21:44:47 <Bosmon> For b) I was imagining we would only include files if they had been processed or generated in some way
2016-10-04T21:44:52 <Bosmon> Such as our Stylus CSS builds
2016-10-04T21:45:02 <Bosmon> I don\'t see any reason to include a file in dist which is identical to one in the main tree
2016-10-04T21:45:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-04T21:45:38 * gtirloni has quit
2016-10-04T21:45:47 * cindyli has quit
2016-10-04T21:50:12 <colinclark> ok
2016-10-04T21:50:30 <colinclark> it will make copying stuff around more complex
2016-10-04T21:50:47 <colinclark> but not really by much, I suppose
2016-10-04T21:57:41 <colinclark> Bosmon: Did you ever see my questions about logging the other evening?
2016-10-04T21:58:03 <Bosmon> colinclark - yes, I did
'

b'2016-10-04T00:03:17 * danayo has quit
2016-10-04T00:13:05 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-04T00:57:31 * danayo has quit
2016-10-04T01:42:36 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T02:06:21 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T02:06:30 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T02:41:46 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-04T02:41:48 * danayo has quit
2016-10-04T07:53:37 * stegru joined the channel
2016-10-04T08:35:25 * amatas joined the channel
2016-10-04T12:14:16 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-04T12:23:19 * jhung joined the channel
2016-10-04T12:25:18 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-10-04T12:27:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-04T12:47:22 * gtirloni has quit
2016-10-04T12:47:38 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-04T12:50:01 <Justin_o> jhung: could you take a look over the following PRs and see if there is enough information for someone who is integrating UIO/Prefs Framework and wants to use lazy loading. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A%22Infusion+2.0+Release%22
2016-10-04T12:52:46 <jhung> Sure Justin_o. I forgot to file a jira for the UIO integration docs. I\'ll do that now.
2016-10-04T12:53:03 <Justin_o> jhung: yes, thanks, please mark it as fix for 2.0
2016-10-04T12:57:15 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-04T12:59:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-04T13:02:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T13:04:35 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon2 @Bosmon7, @cindyli, @alanharnum, @simonjb, I just opened my room.
2016-10-04T13:04:46 <cindyli> coming
2016-10-04T13:15:38 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T13:21:07 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-10-04T13:21:07 * cindyli has quit
2016-10-04T13:21:11 <the-t-in-rtf> @cindyli, are you coming back?
2016-10-04T13:21:16 <cindyli1> yes
2016-10-04T13:28:53 <the-t-in-rtf> How\'s it going @cindyli1
2016-10-04T13:29:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-04T13:48:04 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: sorry, missed the last part of the meeting
2016-10-04T13:48:10 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, @cindyli, the only open question was who would work on the loader.  You and I can coordinate that and meet with the group next week.
2016-10-04T13:48:21 <cindyli> sounds great
2016-10-04T13:48:30 <the-t-in-rtf> I will need time to finish up the stuff we already talked about, so we can check in during our overlap on Friday.
2016-10-04T13:48:41 <cindyli> cool
2016-10-04T13:48:43 <the-t-in-rtf> If you want to make a time, let\'s make it after you get in to the office network\xe2\x80\xa6 ;)
2016-10-04T13:48:45 <the-t-in-rtf> oh, shoot.
2016-10-04T13:48:50 <the-t-in-rtf> let me check something.
2016-10-04T13:49:02 <the-t-in-rtf> I have an appointment for my son that afternoon.
2016-10-04T13:49:14 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, I\'ll check in with you tomorrow and we\'ll have to work it via email on Friday.
2016-10-04T13:49:33 <the-t-in-rtf> If you don\'t get a chance to even start before Friday, that\'s all I need to know, that way I can work on it on Monday morning.
2016-10-04T13:49:50 <the-t-in-rtf> If you start the work, I just want to be around to answer questions.
2016-10-04T13:50:11 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: you made comments on the data loader jira with ur thoughts. do you have more things to add? if not, i can work on data loaders
2016-10-04T13:54:52 * jessm joined the channel
2016-10-04T13:54:55 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-04T13:56:00 <the-t-in-rtf> My only new thought is that we may also need a cleaner.  If we are expecting to work with the CouchDB REST API, that cleaner can reasonably call DELETE /dbName.
2016-10-04T13:56:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-04T13:56:50 <the-t-in-rtf> But you shouldn\'t need to worry about that for now.
2016-10-04T13:57:44 <the-t-in-rtf> and once we get to the point where we need it, the cleaner can even be a kettle.dataSource.URL
2016-10-04T13:58:47 <cindyli> ok. thanks, the-t-in-rtf
2016-10-04T13:59:05 <the-t-in-rtf> actually, now that I think of it, you will need a cleaner even between test runs, once we start using either a local CouchDB or one in Vagrant.
2016-10-04T13:59:18 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m happy to work on that myself next week.
2016-10-04T13:59:22 <the-t-in-rtf> focus on the loader.. :)
2016-10-04T14:01:31 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-04T14:01:40 * amatas has quit
2016-10-04T14:02:28 <jhung> fluid-everyone: Design Crit is starting. Come join us. Today we\'re talking about accessible "disabled html elements".
2016-10-04T14:03:08 <jhung> notes will appear here: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Design+Crit+-+Disabled+Elements+and+Accessibility+Oct+4+Notes
2016-10-04T14:05:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-04T14:11:30 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-04T14:14:37 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-04T15:00:23 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-04T15:02:42 <colinclark> Hey ewbjr, how\'s it going?
2016-10-04T15:03:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-04T15:09:43 <ewbjr> colinclark: going well, hows the server upgrade going?
2016-10-04T15:10:01 <colinclark> we\'re finally getting some movement
2016-10-04T15:10:18 <colinclark> very, very slowly
2016-10-04T15:10:20 <colinclark> but some movement
2016-10-04T15:10:26 <ewbjr> sweet, any idea of when we might have access? movement is good :)
2016-10-04T15:10:54 <colinclark> Apparently gtirloni will have access to the virtual machine image today, so he can start the installation process
2016-10-04T15:11:00 <colinclark> but we\'re waiting on a license key
2016-10-04T15:11:16 <colinclark> In the meantime, it occurred to me this morning that there is this Vidyo "sandbox"
2016-10-04T15:11:22 <colinclark> it\'s completely undocumented as far as I can tell
2016-10-04T15:11:38 <colinclark> but Vidyo runs an instance of Vidyo for developers to test their clients with
2016-10-04T15:11:49 <ewbjr> sweet, if you can send me a link I wouldn\'t mind poking around
2016-10-04T15:11:51 <colinclark> http://sandboxga.vidyo.com/
2016-10-04T15:11:57 <colinclark> I\'m trying to find any documentation
2016-10-04T15:12:06 <colinclark> and whether or not it has the WebRTC server enabled
2016-10-04T15:12:49 <ewbjr> amazing, ill try pointing some demos at it and see if I get any responses, and see if I can digup anymore info online, thanks so much!
2016-10-04T15:12:55 <colinclark> no problem
2016-10-04T15:13:26 <colinclark> I\'m sorry it didn\'t occur to me sooner\xe2\x80\x94my only tip off about it was in their developer portal\'s "news" section, which kept mentioning it being down for maintanence :P
2016-10-04T15:14:06 <ewbjr> heh, they seem to hide the important information in fun places :)
2016-10-04T15:14:23 <ewbjr> world\'s greatest detective
2016-10-04T15:14:43 <colinclark> arg
2016-10-04T15:14:58 <colinclark> The sample also makes reference to webrtcapi.vidyo.com
2016-10-04T15:15:04 <colinclark> so who knows?
2016-10-04T15:15:43 <ewbjr> that sounds promising, let me see what I can come up with
2016-10-04T15:16:08 <colinclark> Looks like the latter is not, obviously, set up properly for CORS access
2016-10-04T15:16:34 <colinclark> but I wonder if there is a sandbox instance that is
2016-10-04T15:28:52 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-04T15:49:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-10-04T15:56:32 * kavya joined the channel
2016-10-04T15:56:33 * danayo has quit
2016-10-04T15:59:19 <cindyli> gtirloni: regarding the stack size error with using "npm install \xe2\x80\x94no-bin-links", the solution we use was to introduce a flag to turn the option of "\xe2\x80\x94no-bin-links" on/off. after talking more this morning at our couch/pouch meeting, this solution might be problematic, for example, when my pull request makes in the master, running "vagrant up" at universal root will cause failure for universal developers who use windows 10 platform
2016-10-04T15:59:45 <cindyli> so, it might be worthwhile to try this work around that possibly could drop the use of \xe2\x80\x94no-bin-links: https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/9953#issuecomment-165884037
2016-10-04T16:00:07 <cindyli> what do you think?
2016-10-04T16:00:18 <gtirloni> yes, that is a known issue on windows 7 (i don\'t think it\'s an issue with win10)
2016-10-04T16:00:44 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-04T16:00:56 <cindyli> ok, windows 7
2016-10-04T16:00:59 <gtirloni> smb is not feasible
2016-10-04T16:01:08 <gtirloni> we use virtualbox shared folders
2016-10-04T16:01:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-04T16:02:28 <gtirloni> we are working around an issue in vbox shared folders by disabling symlinks. and now with npm3 with symlinks disabled, we run into this stack exceeded issue
2016-10-04T16:02:51 <gtirloni> this situation doesn\'t seem reconcilable
2016-10-04T16:03:16 <cindyli> oh no
2016-10-04T16:03:30 <gtirloni> our default deployment behavior has been to disable symlinks so windows users aren\'t impacted (and osx/linux seemed to work fine)
2016-10-04T16:04:02 <gtirloni> but now with npm3 it seems like osx/linux users will need to explicitly say "i want symlinks"..
2016-10-04T16:04:08 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-10-04T16:04:15 <gtirloni> (or the other way around, windows users explicitly say "i dont want symlinks")
2016-10-04T16:05:31 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-10-04T16:05:33 <cindyli> actually, i\'m curious with the result of running npm 3 with symlinks off on windows with my pull request
2016-10-04T16:05:34 <gtirloni> and smb3 is not supported on win7
2016-10-04T16:06:14 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-04T16:06:22 <cindyli> i don\'t have windows platform, do we have a windows vm i can download? gtirloni
2016-10-04T16:06:32 <avtar> cindyli: i was going to review gtirloni\'s pr today so i\'ll give that a shot now
2016-10-04T16:06:35 <avtar> i\'m using windows 10
2016-10-04T16:06:41 <gtirloni> yeah, `vagrant init inclusivedesign/windows10-eval`
2016-10-04T16:06:59 <cindyli> that\'s great. thanks, avtar.
2016-10-04T16:07:03 <cindyli> got it, gtirloni
2016-10-04T16:07:06 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-04T16:08:02 <gtirloni> avtar: do you have any opinion on using UNC paths with vagrant? are those the crazy \'\\\\\\\' paths?
2016-10-04T16:08:33 <avtar> with all these file system, virtualbox shared folder, and node_modules issues i almost want to suggest that we revisit \'vagrant rsync-auto\' as a solution
2016-10-04T16:08:57 <avtar> it of course had its own drawbacks but what we\'re dealing with now hardly seems ideal either
2016-10-04T16:11:23 <colinclark> Justin_o, alanharn_, Bosmon7: http://piratepad.net/squfNk4MZy
2016-10-04T16:11:36 <avtar> gtirloni: are you referring to this? https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/synced-folders/smb.html
2016-10-04T16:12:35 <gtirloni> avtar: yeah, it seems one solution would be to use smb3 (at least smb3 was the version testes), but windows 7 doesn\'t have smb3
2016-10-04T16:13:40 <avtar> i tried smb when we first started looking at file syncing options and the biggest red flag at the time was that the cmd shell where vagrant was going to be used had to be started using elevated privileges
2016-10-04T16:15:06 <colinclark> https://pad.gpii.net/p/infusion-module-discussion-oct-4-2016-okg4ntt
2016-10-04T16:15:49 <avtar> and now looking at the documentation linked above it seems to come with other issues and workarounds
2016-10-04T16:16:00 <avtar> also "Because SMB is a relatively new synced folder type in Vagrant, it still has some rough edges. Hopefully, future versions of Vagrant will address these." :P
2016-10-04T16:19:13 * gtirloni lays down on the floor in fetal position and cries
2016-10-04T16:19:40 <cindyli> lolll..
2016-10-04T16:20:17 <alanharn_> colinclark Bosmon2 Bosmon7 Justin_0
2016-10-04T16:20:20 <alanharn_> https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/blob/master/Gruntfile.js
2016-10-04T16:20:30 <alanharn_> Justin_o ^
2016-10-04T16:22:21 <gtirloni> avtar cindyli: i\'m going to try to build npm from master and see if some of the fixes i have seen in the GH\'s issues show any signs of fixing things (at least reverting to npm2 breakage state -- at least it\'s known)
2016-10-04T16:24:40 <cindyli> a good idea. i\'m not very optimistic tho by seeing how longstanding this stack size issue has been living
2016-10-04T16:25:22 <gtirloni> https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/9224
2016-10-04T16:25:28 <gtirloni> this looks like a kind-of master ticket for stack issues
2016-10-04T16:26:06 <gtirloni> opened on Aug 2015
2016-10-04T16:35:33 * simonjb has quit
2016-10-04T16:39:15 * cindyli has quit
2016-10-04T16:39:54 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-04T16:49:50 <gtirloni> avtar: no go, npm\'s master is the latest code available at npmjs.org itself. still get the stack exceeded error
2016-10-04T16:58:53 * jhung is now known as jhung_away_lunch
2016-10-04T17:00:38 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-10-04T17:04:42 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-10-04T17:04:42 * lliskovoi_ is now known as lliskovoi
2016-10-04T17:04:48 <avtar> cindyli\'s not here but gtirloni, i didn\'t have luck with her GPII-1274 branch on a windows 10 host
2016-10-04T17:06:53 <avtar> https://gist.githubusercontent.com/anonymous/fb8ee2379087753fbb04f84a050637be/raw/2f1244f0a4a604376f6ecb399962c85b15991ca7/gistfile1.txt
'

