b"2016-03-29T18:47:07 <akshay_> Moreover I can still be a part of the community without getting selected for GSoC?
2016-03-29T18:53:29 <Justin_o> akshay_: yes, definitely you can still be part of the community even if you are not selected :)
2016-03-29T18:53:55 <Justin_o> akshay_: I haven't had a chance to look over your final draft yet, so not sure the exactly what the world/theme of your game is
2016-03-29T18:54:32 <akshay_> The character inside a cave with a lamp would be a good idea I suppose but to apply the same to a world like in a mario game is a little difficult
2016-03-29T18:57:02 <akshay_> And in a case if I want to switch between the backgrounds that I proposed its more difficult. the lamp/torch thing or a street light also work for such a thing because they never produce such drastic differences in light colour
2016-03-29T18:57:17 <akshay_> *won't work
2016-03-29T18:59:11 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-29T18:59:16 <Justin_o> akshay_: hmm.. i guess it doesn't necessarily have to be literal, but i guess it needs to fit in with your game world and make sense and be expected in that context.
2016-03-29T19:02:44 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-29T19:02:58 <akshay_> yes I also thought that it should'n be literal, it should make the user feel like yeah ! this is something happening, in that case I think I made a relatively nice mockup in quite some urgency
2016-03-29T19:03:58 <akshay_> never knew before that you wouldn't be available the day before submission
2016-03-29T19:04:33 <akshay_> or rather on the submission day
2016-03-29T19:10:50 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-03-29T19:19:26 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-29T19:21:39 <Justin_o> akshay_: sorry, it was a holiday here. I sent you an e-mail about it with the reminder for submitting the final proposal.
2016-03-29T19:27:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-29T19:50:02 <akshay_> Ya you told me on the IRC itself but I didn't knew about it the day before, anyways you already gave so many suggestions and even answered my queries quickly
2016-03-29T19:50:57 <akshay_> one of my friend is also a mentor for GSoC but they don't seem to to do all this so seriously, moreover I have heard about organisation not even suggesting any changes in their draft proposal
2016-03-29T19:52:28 <akshay_> you people were really awesome in this task
2016-03-29T19:54:28 * sgithens has quit
2016-03-29T19:57:09 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-29T20:14:14 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-29T20:16:21 * wale joined the channel
2016-03-29T20:16:31 <wale> looking for the network diagrams Javi put together
2016-03-29T20:16:38 <wale> thought it was in google drive
2016-03-29T20:23:09 <gtirloni> should be here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0ByfE6R0ipKCjQjQzMkpfd3ctTzA
2016-03-29T20:25:18 <wale> thanks
2016-03-29T20:30:15 <colinclark> wale: The network diagrams were the ones gtirloni put together ;)
2016-03-29T20:31:13 <colinclark> jhernandez did the high level logical diagrams
2016-03-29T20:31:18 <colinclark> gtirloni did the infrastructure ones
2016-03-29T20:32:13 <avtar> those are some good looking diagrams, gtirloni
2016-03-29T20:36:25 <gtirloni> avtar: thanks, sir!
2016-03-29T20:36:38 <gtirloni> i think this is the one Javi worked on, the high-level component diagram https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B8L4Eyw5NEA1VlZHRUQ0Qk10bGc
2016-03-29T20:42:07 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-29T20:43:08 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-29T20:47:16 * dsharma has quit
2016-03-29T20:52:41 <wale> it's in one of the sub folders
2016-03-29T20:52:43 <wale> thanks
2016-03-29T20:58:39 * anvk has quit
2016-03-29T21:02:47 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-03-29T21:03:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-29T21:04:38 * clown has quit
2016-03-29T21:11:04 * akshay_ has quit
2016-03-29T21:12:30 * yzen_ has quit
2016-03-29T21:19:16 * jessm has quit
2016-03-29T21:29:50 * michelled has quit
2016-03-29T21:37:54 * Justin_o has quit
2016-03-29T21:46:35 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-29T21:51:16 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-29T21:51:53 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-29T21:54:13 * gtirloni has quit
2016-03-29T21:56:09 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-29T22:22:15 * simonjb has quit
2016-03-29T22:44:29 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-03-29T22:45:31 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-29T22:58:39 * amatas has quit
2016-03-29T23:06:45 * gloob has quit
2016-03-29T23:07:11 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-29T23:11:24 * gloob has quit
2016-03-29T23:18:24 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-03-29T23:42:27 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-03-29T23:53:14 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-29T23:58:39 * gabrielmancini has quit
"

b'2016-03-29T15:17:41 <dins> if you could look at, I would like to know whether the the way how I have followd to add events is correct or not
2016-03-29T15:17:57 <dins> I added events just like in jQuery
2016-03-29T15:18:06 <dins> is that the way
2016-03-29T15:18:08 <dins> ?
2016-03-29T15:19:28 * jhung has quit
2016-03-29T15:21:06 <dins> but also I used a grunt-html2json to compile html templates into js
2016-03-29T15:22:31 <dins> is there any other way followed in infusion
2016-03-29T15:22:38 <simonjb> dins: this looks like a great start!
2016-03-29T15:23:01 <dins> I had seen there are html templates just pointed to urls
2016-03-29T15:23:39 <dins> I feel like it could have been better if we could get them compiled to a js file
2016-03-29T15:23:53 <dins> then it become even easier to maintain as well
2016-03-29T15:24:40 <simonjb> I see that you are using Fluid 1.5 -- we have an upcoming 2.0 that has many changes and it\'s probably good to switch over to the development version -- does that seem reasonable Justin_o?
2016-03-29T15:25:13 <dins> yeah
2016-03-29T15:25:47 <Justin_o> simonjb, dins: yes, best to use a newer version. You can use the current master for now.
2016-03-29T15:25:59 <dins> ok
2016-03-29T15:26:20 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-29T15:28:10 * gtirloni has quit
2016-03-29T15:29:20 <dins> simonjb, Justin_o .......  anyway, I have two suggetions,
2016-03-29T15:29:21 <dins> 1) Adding grunt-html2json or similar thing to infusion
2016-03-29T15:29:23 <dins> 2) Integrating travis to infusion which helps to verify testcases or any other verification in pull requests
2016-03-29T15:29:28 * danayo has quit
2016-03-29T15:29:34 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-29T15:30:28 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-03-29T15:30:31 <Justin_o> dins: what does grunt-html2json do?
2016-03-29T15:31:13 <Justin_o> dins: and regarding travis, you can talk to avtar, gtirloni, or alanharnum about the qi work that will provide something similar.
2016-03-29T15:31:16 <dins> basically compiling html files into js
2016-03-29T15:31:37 <simonjb> dins: I see in your component that you are using preInitFunction and postInitFunction -- those are mechanisms from an older Infusion and I was wondering where you got the info from to use those?
2016-03-29T15:31:56 <simonjb> the current way is to use "onCreate" listeners
2016-03-29T15:32:17 <dins> it\'s a very old one
2016-03-29T15:32:19 <dins> true
2016-03-29T15:33:18 <simonjb> was it from docs? or from looking at existing code?
2016-03-29T15:34:17 <dins> https://github.com/Old-Stuff/Piano
2016-03-29T15:34:47 <dins> this is also a more similar project like this
2016-03-29T15:34:54 <dins> done by a student
2016-03-29T15:35:12 <dins> I used that to get an idea
2016-03-29T15:35:18 <simonjb> dins: aha! thanks
2016-03-29T15:35:31 <dins> and got copied the libraries from it
2016-03-29T15:36:54 <dins> after the knob, I though of starting the piano
2016-03-29T15:38:54 <colinclark> dins: I have a much more modern version of that piano code
2016-03-29T15:39:02 <colinclark> It is, as you say, quite old
2016-03-29T15:39:05 <colinclark> let me dig you up a link
2016-03-29T15:40:13 <dins> colinclark , you are the one who had supervised that project............ am I correct
2016-03-29T15:40:16 <colinclark> It\'s still two years old, but a bit more modern
2016-03-29T15:40:16 <colinclark> https://github.com/colinbdclark/Piano/tree/refactor
2016-03-29T15:40:19 <colinclark> dins: Yes, that\'s right
2016-03-29T15:40:54 <colinclark> dins: I\'ll see about updating this branch to the latest version of Infusion sometime in the next few days
2016-03-29T15:41:02 <colinclark> if that is helpful
2016-03-29T15:41:36 <dins> yeah....
2016-03-29T15:41:44 <dins> thanks colinclark
2016-03-29T15:41:55 <Bosmon7> Wow, the account is literally called "Old-Stuff" : p
2016-03-29T15:45:05 <dins> Justin_o,     Basically what it does is, compiling html templates into a js file. then we can use it to build everything to a one file. So that we can use it without depending on where those html files are. But also it helps developers to maintain html templates separately.
2016-03-29T15:46:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: do you have thoughts on this ^
2016-03-29T15:47:30 <colinclark> Bosmon7: I guess good old alph managed to grab a second account, yes. Strange, eh?
2016-03-29T15:48:31 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - it\'s a sensible idea in outline, but we need to make sure we don\'t accumulate a dependency on any templating technology other than handlebars
2016-03-29T15:48:40 <Bosmon7> Since the-t-in-rtf is already building up a considerable ecosystem based on that
2016-03-29T15:49:19 <colinclark> dins: Can you paste a link to the library you\'re thinking of?
2016-03-29T15:49:23 <Bosmon7> We\'ve got enough on our hands already maintaining anything which depends on the "old renderer" plus any handlebars stuff, without accumulating more technologies we don\'t know about
2016-03-29T15:50:10 <dins> Bosmon7, this actualy not like a template engine like handlebars
2016-03-29T15:50:29 <dins> basically, a way to maintain html files externally
2016-03-29T15:50:51 <Bosmon7> dins - if you\'re referring to https://github.com/karlgoldstein/grunt-html2js , it appears it depends on angular
2016-03-29T15:52:35 <dins> https://github.com/tly1980/grunt-html2json
2016-03-29T15:52:50 <dins> this is what I\'m talking about
2016-03-29T15:53:17 <dins> recently I did contribute to that
2016-03-29T15:53:29 <dins> thats how I got to know about it
2016-03-29T15:53:52 <dins> when I was doing my draft project, I wanted such a mechanism
2016-03-29T15:54:46 * dsharma has quit
2016-03-29T15:55:04 <dins> such things are there a lot for angular
2016-03-29T15:55:06 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-29T15:55:29 <dins> when I searched I found it
2016-03-29T15:56:39 <dins> I didn\'t have support for latest grunt, I did that fix to that
2016-03-29T15:56:58 <dins> so, I thought like introducing that to infusion too
2016-03-29T15:57:00 <dins> :)
2016-03-29T15:57:11 <Bosmon7> Ah, that one
2016-03-29T15:59:19 <Bosmon7> Seems harmless enough, but seems rather poorly-maintained
2016-03-29T16:00:19 <dins> what do you mean
2016-03-29T16:00:19 <Bosmon7> I imagine in practice it might be more performant to actually compile to .js since those includes can be put into <head> directly and receive higher priority from the browser\'s I/O engine
2016-03-29T16:00:54 <Bosmon7> Well, it has 2 contributors, was drifting for 4 years, and all its tests are commented out : P
2016-03-29T16:01:04 <Bosmon7> if that doesn\'t shout "poorly maintained" I don\'t know what does :)
2016-03-29T16:01:24 <dins> second contributor is myself
2016-03-29T16:01:26 <dins> :)
2016-03-29T16:03:01 <dins> I\'l try adding few testcases
2016-03-29T16:03:29 <dins> anyway, we are using it only to build the project.
2016-03-29T16:04:17 <dins> hmm......  but, yes. we need to think some more
2016-03-29T16:04:19 <dins> :)
2016-03-29T16:04:23 <Bosmon7> Well, you did well to get any attention from the original maintainer
2016-03-29T16:04:29 <Bosmon7> Given how long he has not looked at this project
2016-03-29T16:04:44 <dins> yeah
2016-03-29T16:05:03 <dins> do know any other plugin which does the same
2016-03-29T16:05:05 <dins> ?
2016-03-29T16:05:20 <dins> which not related to angular
2016-03-29T16:08:54 <Bosmon7> I don\'t
2016-03-29T16:09:03 <Bosmon7> I\'m just studying the latest recommendations on loading strategies
2016-03-29T16:09:23 <Bosmon7> https://www.sitespeed.io/rules/
2016-03-29T16:09:33 <Bosmon7> It looks like many of the recommendations are the opposite of what they used to be....
2016-03-29T16:09:53 <Bosmon7> And it may be that arranging for these templates to load as .json is now fine
2016-03-29T16:11:04 <Bosmon7> Here\'s an interesting study: https://www.igvita.com/2014/05/20/script-injected-async-scripts-considered-harmful/
2016-03-29T16:14:39 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - you may find these references helpful btw with your upcoming UIO load optimisation work
2016-03-29T16:14:43 <Bosmon7> Or perhaps this is being assigned to cindyli
2016-03-29T16:17:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: thanks for the tip, not sure who it is assigned to right now, but it\'s worth knowing regardless.
2016-03-29T16:17:21 <cindyli> reading..
2016-03-29T16:17:43 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-29T16:17:48 <Bosmon7> I imagine all of the prefs framework includes could be marked as "async" as these resources recommend
2016-03-29T16:18:26 <Bosmon7> No particular information in these resources about treatment of ".json" via AJAX and document-bound script includes though
2016-03-29T16:20:06 <Bosmon7> This one isn\'t bad, and very recent: https://www.keycdn.com/blog/blocking-the-dom/
2016-03-29T16:22:54 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-29T16:25:32 <dins> thanks for sharing Bosmon7
2016-03-29T16:26:34 <Bosmon7> I guess the operative issue is whether we intend to use the material in the templates as part of the initial page render process or not
2016-03-29T16:26:55 <Bosmon7> If we had a fully competent serverside, we would never have to do this - but currently we don\'t
2016-03-29T16:27:26 <Bosmon7> It\'s a big and messy set of issues, that will unfortunately take us several years to work through
2016-03-29T16:28:17 <dins> correct Bosmon7, it affects to the performance too
2016-03-29T16:32:27 * dins has quit
2016-03-29T16:34:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: thanks for the articles.. really interesting indeed... for one I don\'t think we minify our CSS :( this came up in the recent SEO community meeting too...
2016-03-29T16:35:09 <Justin_o> but i\'d also like to optimize our CSS I\'m often worried we have unnecessary overrides
2016-03-29T16:35:32 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - yes
2016-03-29T16:35:48 <Bosmon7> Well, a css-uglify task I imagine will be pretty straightforward to kick into our grunt pipeline
2016-03-29T16:41:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-29T16:56:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-29T16:57:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: yep, and we should compress our CSS generated from stylus too
2016-03-29T16:57:47 <Justin_o> or maybe just use stylus for all css as well..
2016-03-29T17:06:37 * scott_gonzalez_ joined the channel
2016-03-29T17:07:37 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-03-29T17:17:25 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-29T17:21:52 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-29T17:22:18 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-29T17:25:55 * dsharma joined the channel
2016-03-29T17:33:02 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-29T17:37:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-29T17:40:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-29T17:42:48 * jhung joined the channel
2016-03-29T17:45:48 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-29T17:55:17 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-03-29T17:58:03 * yzen has quit
2016-03-29T18:06:33 * akshay_ joined the channel
2016-03-29T18:06:52 <cindyli> Bosmon7: i didn\'t capture the link you pasted in the meeting of tony\'s pull request for the acct management. can you paste it again? tahnks
2016-03-29T18:06:54 <cindyli> thakns
2016-03-29T18:06:58 <cindyli> i cannot type
2016-03-29T18:07:00 <cindyli> thanks
2016-03-29T18:08:12 <Bosmon7> Hi cindyli
2016-03-29T18:08:15 <Bosmon7> Here it is: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-express-user/pull/1
2016-03-29T18:08:23 <cindyli> thanks
2016-03-29T18:27:06 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-03-29T18:31:35 * clown has quit
2016-03-29T18:37:55 <akshay_> Hi Justin_o: I am working on to show a demo of the language checkpoint (the initial part of the game where the language preferences are set).
2016-03-29T18:38:11 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-29T18:39:29 <akshay_> It would be also nice to get a few ideas from you on what would be a good gameplay to set the background colour scheme up.
2016-03-29T18:39:51 <akshay_> I was working on the design part this would help me.
2016-03-29T18:42:28 * wale has quit
2016-03-29T18:44:28 <Justin_o> akshay_: i guess it would depend on the theme/world that your game is
2016-03-29T18:45:07 <Justin_o> akshay_: also just so you are aware, according to Google we have to base your application on what was submitted in the final proposal.
2016-03-29T18:46:15 <akshay_> ya thats fine Justin, if I get selected this would help me in getting started with the coding part quickly and if not I would learn something.
'

b'2016-03-29T00:27:40 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-29T00:29:03 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-29T00:36:05 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-03-29T00:40:31 * yzen_ has quit
2016-03-29T00:46:56 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-03-29T00:47:07 * Jess_ has quit
2016-03-29T00:53:07 * jhernandez has quit
2016-03-29T02:37:46 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-29T04:14:54 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-03-29T04:19:03 * yzen_ has quit
2016-03-29T05:43:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-29T05:54:27 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-29T06:09:12 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-29T08:45:18 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-03-29T09:21:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-29T09:48:17 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-29T10:17:23 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-03-29T10:26:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-29T10:35:15 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-03-29T10:42:51 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-29T10:42:57 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-29T11:11:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-29T11:23:31 * dsharma joined the channel
2016-03-29T11:26:52 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-29T11:40:29 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-29T12:00:11 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-29T12:05:41 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-29T12:15:46 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-29T12:23:15 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-29T12:26:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-29T12:27:47 * yzen has quit
2016-03-29T12:50:12 * jhung joined the channel
2016-03-29T12:50:56 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-29T12:58:19 * gloob has quit
2016-03-29T12:58:45 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:02:59 * gloob has quit
2016-03-29T13:03:20 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:04:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:04:37 <jhung> Justin_o: want to sync up on PhET this morning?
2016-03-29T13:05:02 <Justin_o> yes please
2016-03-29T13:05:13 <Justin_o> what time were you thinking?
2016-03-29T13:05:18 <Justin_o> jhung: ^
2016-03-29T13:05:19 <jhung> now okay
2016-03-29T13:05:20 <jhung> ?
2016-03-29T13:05:30 <Justin_o> sure
2016-03-29T13:06:00 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:08:45 * jessm joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:22:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:28:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:28:10 * wale joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:37:43 <simonjb> hey Bosmon7
2016-03-29T13:37:43 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:37:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:38:15 <Bosmon7> Hi there simonjb
2016-03-29T13:38:35 <Bosmon7> colinclark tells me that you got an "entertaining" relay feedback issue last night
2016-03-29T13:38:50 <simonjb> yes, exactly
2016-03-29T13:38:53 <simonjb> :)
2016-03-29T13:39:17 <simonjb> I was wondering if you might be able to help me think through it?
2016-03-29T13:39:31 <simonjb> there\'s my current theory: https://gist.github.com/simonbates/2beb00ce0ae8d7fd9307
2016-03-29T13:39:57 <simonjb> something like that anyway, there would be different interleaving possible
2016-03-29T13:40:45 <Bosmon7> simonjb - sure, always exciting to try to understand our first multiprocess relay setup :)
2016-03-29T13:40:50 <Bosmon7> simonjb - can you explain the topology here
2016-03-29T13:40:53 <simonjb> but I\'m thinking that if we send updates to the Nexus faster than the component doing the sending receives echoes back that we could hit this oscillating feedback
2016-03-29T13:40:58 <Bosmon7> It seems we have "browser", "Nexus", and "peer"?
2016-03-29T13:41:43 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-29T13:41:50 <Bosmon7> There\'s just one nexus?
2016-03-29T13:42:01 <simonjb> we have: 1) component in browser ("browser") with bidirectional binding to Nexus peer over websocket
2016-03-29T13:42:07 <simonjb> 2) peer in Nexus
2016-03-29T13:42:10 * dsharma has quit
2016-03-29T13:42:11 <simonjb> and one Nexus
2016-03-29T13:42:13 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:42:45 <simonjb> 2 components bound to each other via Nexus -- one in browser and one peer in Nexus
2016-03-29T13:43:21 <Bosmon7> simonjb - my feeling here is that not only might we have to move to the "source tracking" model, we might even have to introduce source tagging into the Nexus protocol itself
2016-03-29T13:43:44 <Bosmon7> It\'s lucky that it just got implemented : P
2016-03-29T13:44:14 <Bosmon7> We\'ll have to allocate each client some GUID on connection
2016-03-29T13:44:14 <simonjb> I was thinking of the source tracking with excludeSource=local
2016-03-29T13:44:29 <simonjb> but that will exclude some use cases we want I think
2016-03-29T13:44:31 <Bosmon7> simonjb - yes, that would probably deal with this round of problems
2016-03-29T13:44:41 <Bosmon7> But I see that further problems are going to emerge down the line
2016-03-29T13:44:46 <simonjb> agreed
2016-03-29T13:45:24 <Bosmon7> We can allocate each client a GUID on connect, and avoid ever sending back any of its own changes
2016-03-29T13:45:43 <Bosmon7> This will deal with a moderately wide class of issue
2016-03-29T13:45:46 <simonjb> yes, I think that\'s a good direction
2016-03-29T13:46:39 <simonjb> we will need something in the short term, for the review
2016-03-29T13:46:56 <Bosmon7> Although this will also mean, with the current architecture, that they\'re not sent back any remotely relayed results from their own changes either
2016-03-29T13:47:22 <simonjb> oh, interesting
2016-03-29T13:47:51 <Bosmon7> So, we have problems
2016-03-29T13:47:54 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-29T13:47:59 <simonjb> I\'m thinking in the short term that I make my connections one direction only
2016-03-29T13:48:07 <simonjb> either send to Nexus
2016-03-29T13:48:11 <Bosmon7> simonjb - that seems reasonable, yes
2016-03-29T13:48:12 <simonjb> or receive from Nexus
2016-03-29T13:48:18 * anvk joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:48:46 <Bosmon7> I can\'t see a proper way out of this without moving to proper collaborative document semantics
2016-03-29T13:48:50 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-29T13:48:52 <Bosmon7> Which would be no bad thing, of course
2016-03-29T13:48:58 <Bosmon7> But isn\'t the kind of thing to be done in an afternoon
2016-03-29T13:49:04 <simonjb> no, it isn\'t
2016-03-29T13:49:08 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:49:44 <simonjb> ok, for the demo time-frame I\'ll use unidirectional Nexus bindings
2016-03-29T13:50:05 <simonjb> and we can explore other options after that
2016-03-29T13:50:35 <simonjb> I have this grade https://github.com/simonbates/nexus-examples/blob/master/src/nexusWebSocketBoundComponent.js
2016-03-29T13:51:10 <simonjb> I\'ll change this to support unidirectional binding
2016-03-29T13:51:34 <Bosmon7> Ok, sounds good
2016-03-29T13:52:11 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon7
2016-03-29T13:53:25 <Bosmon7> I guess the next step involves tagging each change with TWO sources
2016-03-29T13:53:38 <Bosmon7> i) representing the user making the change, ii) representing the user\'s local timestamp for the change
2016-03-29T13:54:02 <Bosmon7> The Nexus will make sure to preserve both of these pieces of source info as they slosh around and possibly come back to the client
2016-03-29T13:55:28 <Bosmon7> Any incoming Nexus message which is provably stale then goes into an "incoming transaction bucket" which only gets committed once the state is provably not stale
2016-03-29T13:55:59 <Bosmon7> And we avoid propagating back to the Nexus any changes which resulted from messages which it sent
2016-03-29T13:56:24 <Bosmon7> That is, when these things come back they get tagged with a THIRD source, indicating "NEXUS"
2016-03-29T13:56:40 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-29T13:57:10 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-29T13:59:29 <simonjb> we\'re getting into distributed cache coherency territory
2016-03-29T14:00:21 <simonjb> in terms of coordinating multiple connected models
2016-03-29T14:00:43 <simonjb> it\'ll be an interesting problem
2016-03-29T14:00:59 * gtirloni has quit
2016-03-29T14:03:00 <alanharnum> Bosmon7: when you have a chance could you look at the latest work on https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/pull/14 that split the once-unitary line chart implementation into many separate grades
2016-03-29T14:03:35 <alanharnum> i\'d like to be know about moving forward with getting that into master or if further refactoring is needed
2016-03-29T14:03:35 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-03-29T14:03:46 <alanharnum> nooooooooooooo
2016-03-29T14:07:10 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-29T14:07:43 <colinclark> alanharnum: He\'s on a train, he\'ll probably be back :)
2016-03-29T14:08:09 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-29T14:08:32 * dsharma joined the channel
2016-03-29T14:10:02 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-29T14:14:38 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-29T14:14:49 * gtirloni has quit
2016-03-29T14:15:31 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-29T14:38:53 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-29T14:43:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-29T14:52:42 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-29T14:54:53 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-29T14:55:39 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-29T15:10:14 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-29T15:11:25 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-29T15:13:37 <dins> Hi Justin_o
2016-03-29T15:13:43 <Justin_o> dins: hello
2016-03-29T15:13:59 <dins> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/677
2016-03-29T15:14:08 <dins> I had updated this pull request
2016-03-29T15:14:37 <dins> can I know whether there is any thing I should do
2016-03-29T15:14:44 <dins> if u could look at
2016-03-29T15:14:47 <dins> :)
2016-03-29T15:15:05 <Justin_o> dins: i\'ll try to take a look at it again this week
2016-03-29T15:15:20 <dins> ok
2016-03-29T15:15:25 <dins> thanks Justin_o
2016-03-29T15:16:18 <dins> Hi simonjb
2016-03-29T15:16:23 <dins> https://github.com/Dinuka2013513/music-ctrls
2016-03-29T15:16:44 <simonjb> hi dins
2016-03-29T15:16:47 <dins> I converted this to infusion
'

