b'2016-08-10T16:53:42 <clown> colinclark:  cool.  I just missed that memo.  I\'m not trying to change the time.
2016-08-10T16:53:49 <colinclark> :)
2016-08-10T16:53:52 <colinclark> no worries
2016-08-10T16:53:55 <colinclark> I am trying to change the time :)
2016-08-10T16:54:10 <clown> good luck!
2016-08-10T16:56:10 * TPark has quit
2016-08-10T16:58:04 * TPark joined the channel
2016-08-10T17:00:59 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-08-10T17:04:03 * yzen has quit
2016-08-10T17:05:26 * yzen_ has quit
2016-08-10T17:13:20 <gtirloni> amatas: in your work on gpi-18something... one idea: if the fedora/centos\' box could work as a central place to keep a vagrantfile that has all the common definitions we ever use in Vagrantfiles.. as to minimize the amount of things each repo\'s Vagrantfile should have
2016-08-10T17:13:47 <gtirloni> amatas: the box\'s Vagrantfile comes from here and it\'s merged with the project\'s Vagrantfile during `vagrant up`: https://github.com/idi-ops/packer-fedora/blob/master/Vagrantfiles/fedora24.Vagrantfile
2016-08-10T17:14:27 <gtirloni> amatas: i remember you had some customizations to the vagrantfiles.. so if i got that right, i was wondering if it\'d make sense to have them in the box\'s Vagrantfile
2016-08-10T17:15:27 <gtirloni> (since these boxes are only really used by us.. it might make sense to make them heavy tailored for our purposes) -- also: disabling 3d acceleration directly on the box (to avoid countless Vagrantfiles still having 3d=on somewhere)
2016-08-10T17:17:22 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-08-10T17:18:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-10T17:27:31 <amatas> gtirloni, are you talking about all the playbooks/roles and ansible stuff?
2016-08-10T17:27:51 <amatas> that vagrant use to provision and deploy the components of the GPII?
2016-08-10T17:37:06 <amatas> gtirloni, as you can see here https://github.com/amatas/GPII-universal/blob/GPII-1781/Vagrantfile#L34-L40 , the vagrantfile is built when it\'s executed, so at that time the box can\'t be available.
2016-08-10T17:38:30 * kasparnet has quit
2016-08-10T17:40:14 <gtirloni> i\'m talking about moving all of that into the box\'s vagrantfile, if that is common among all our projects so people don\'t have to worry about updating Vagrantfiles.. the box would have the authoritative copy of the Vagrantfile that works with our automation
2016-08-10T17:40:25 <gtirloni> i don\'t know if it\'s practical, just something that occurred to me
2016-08-10T17:56:45 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-08-10T17:59:01 * jhung has quit
2016-08-10T18:04:09 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T18:05:07 <amatas> well, it is possible, but a huge text file would be generated.
2016-08-10T18:07:11 * yzen joined the channel
2016-08-10T18:07:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-08-10T18:10:13 <cindyli> Bosmon: when using fluid.promise.map(), in the mapper function, is there a way that trigger the target promise to reject with an error?
2016-08-10T18:10:45 <cindyli> for fixing this: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464#diff-for-comment-73396614
2016-08-10T18:11:27 <cindyli> "triggers" typo
2016-08-10T18:12:24 <Bosmon> cindyli - you\'re not doing anything with the error
2016-08-10T18:12:36 <Bosmon> The natural behaviour of fluid.promise.map is to pass the error rejection along unchanged
2016-08-10T18:13:53 <cindyli> Bosmon: what if the validation in the mapper function needs to to raise errors?
2016-08-10T18:14:33 <Justin_o> jhung1: i\'m looking at https://github.com/fluid-project/docs-template/pull/6 and noticed the version bump
2016-08-10T18:14:34 <Bosmon> cindyli - then you\'ll need to fall back on the manual method
2016-08-10T18:14:42 <Bosmon> But most of your examples are not like this
2016-08-10T18:14:54 <Justin_o> jhung1: should i try to get this in first https://github.com/inclusive-design/guide.inclusivedesign.ca/pull/8
2016-08-10T18:15:02 <cindyli> that\'s true, most are not. but this one is, Bosmon
2016-08-10T18:15:13 <cindyli> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464#diff-for-comment-73396614
2016-08-10T18:15:46 <Bosmon> Oh, I see
2016-08-10T18:15:49 <Bosmon> So it is, sorry
2016-08-10T18:16:00 <cindyli> no problem
2016-08-10T18:16:10 <cindyli> just wanna make sure i didn\'t miss something
2016-08-10T18:17:53 <jhung1> Justin_o: yeah that one should go first.
2016-08-10T18:18:05 <jhung1> Pull #8 Justin_o
2016-08-10T18:22:03 * kasparnet has quit
2016-08-10T18:27:19 * kavyak joined the channel
2016-08-10T18:27:58 * stegru has quit
2016-08-10T18:28:35 <kavyak> Hi kasper,
2016-08-10T18:31:50 * yzen has quit
2016-08-10T18:32:21 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2016-08-10T18:33:17 <colinclark> kavyak: I think kasparnet has probably left for the day--he logged off ten minutes ago
2016-08-10T18:33:27 <colinclark> But welcome to the IRC channel; it\'s great to have you here!
2016-08-10T18:35:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-10T18:37:12 * yzen joined the channel
2016-08-10T18:38:37 <kavyak> oh ok..
2016-08-10T18:39:10 <kavyak> Thanks colin..i will try to reach kasper tomorrow
2016-08-10T18:39:13 <colinclark> no problem
2016-08-10T18:40:03 <kavyak> Is joseph online?
2016-08-10T18:42:30 <colinclark> yup!
2016-08-10T18:42:37 <colinclark> Joseph\'s nick on IRC is clown
2016-08-10T18:43:27 <kavyak> ok..
2016-08-10T18:44:33 <clown> hi kavyak
2016-08-10T18:45:17 <kavyak> Hi Joseph..
2016-08-10T18:46:16 <kavyak> can you please ping me on my skype id kavya.k850
2016-08-10T18:46:38 <clown> kavyak:  just a second.
2016-08-10T18:52:11 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-08-10T18:52:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:10:14 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-08-10T19:18:08 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:24:59 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T19:28:20 * TPark has quit
2016-08-10T19:28:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:30:04 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T19:31:24 * yzen has quit
2016-08-10T19:31:52 * yzen joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:33:18 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:33:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:33:56 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:34:10 * clown has quit
2016-08-10T19:35:38 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-08-10T19:35:39 * cindyli has quit
2016-08-10T19:36:06 * yzen has quit
2016-08-10T19:37:10 * clown joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:38:37 * yzen joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:45:37 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: the community meeting is starting, sorry about the delay. We\'ll be having an introduction to design discussion.
2016-08-10T19:46:17 * clown joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:46:22 <danayo> community meeting google doc outline with links etc and meeting notes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gQmoHi2xKjNgoGndHt07USLfmTmk5gnG7bbXBXDg19Q/edit?usp=sharing
2016-08-10T19:46:54 * colinclark has quit
2016-08-10T19:56:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-10T19:58:51 * colinclark has quit
2016-08-10T20:03:08 * stegru joined the channel
2016-08-10T20:04:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-10T20:05:23 * kavyak has quit
2016-08-10T20:10:24 * colinclark has quit
2016-08-10T20:13:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-10T20:14:14 * colinclark has quit
2016-08-10T20:14:16 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-08-10T20:15:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-08-10T20:21:37 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-08-10T20:27:13 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T20:30:40 * godfrey_ has quit
2016-08-10T20:32:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-08-10T20:33:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-10T20:33:48 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-08-10T20:36:37 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-08-10T20:39:38 <cindyli> danayo: can you send me the link to inclusive design guide site
2016-08-10T20:40:19 <danayo> https://guide.inclusivedesign.ca/principles/DiverseParticipationAndPerspectives.html
2016-08-10T20:45:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-10T20:54:01 * yzen has quit
2016-08-10T20:54:05 * clown has quit
2016-08-10T20:54:06 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-08-10T20:55:21 * colinclark has quit
2016-08-10T20:58:07 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T21:10:34 * jhung has quit
2016-08-10T21:17:15 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-08-10T21:21:46 * kasparnet has quit
2016-08-10T21:23:31 * cindyli has quit
2016-08-10T21:23:50 * michelled has quit
2016-08-10T21:24:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-10T21:27:26 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T21:27:27 * amatas has quit
2016-08-10T21:32:02 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-08-10T21:32:22 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-08-10T21:33:57 * jessm has quit
2016-08-10T21:33:58 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-08-10T21:40:59 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2016-08-10T21:43:56 * danayo has quit
2016-08-10T22:06:21 * stegru has quit
2016-08-10T22:38:25 * stegru joined the channel
2016-08-10T22:55:30 * stegru has quit
2016-08-10T23:20:42 * Justin_o has quit
2016-08-10T23:28:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-10T23:32:17 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T23:58:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

b'2016-08-10T00:28:47 * Jess_ has quit
2016-08-10T02:53:04 * michelled joined the channel
2016-08-10T05:17:14 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-08-10T05:23:30 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-08-10T06:08:23 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-08-10T06:09:20 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-08-10T06:13:01 * amatas joined the channel
2016-08-10T07:06:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-08-10T07:56:43 * stegru joined the channel
2016-08-10T09:26:30 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-08-10T12:03:50 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-08-10T12:10:04 * godfrey_ joined the channel
2016-08-10T12:14:44 * TPark joined the channel
2016-08-10T12:21:20 * kasparnet has quit
2016-08-10T12:25:38 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-08-10T12:47:25 * michelled joined the channel
2016-08-10T12:52:09 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-08-10T12:59:51 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:00:30 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-08-10T13:01:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:02:18 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, @Justin_o
2016-08-10T13:02:23 <the-t-in-rtf> Should we use your Vidyo room?
2016-08-10T13:02:30 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: sure
2016-08-10T13:02:45 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: https://conf.inclusivedesign.ca/flex.html?roomdirect.html&key=wr2uXJq8BMp8e57C9e45lriPges
2016-08-10T13:03:11 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyone else who\'s interested, we\'re talking about making the examples in the docs live and editable in the sandbox I\'ve been working on.
2016-08-10T13:03:28 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: ^
2016-08-10T13:05:49 * kasparnet has quit
2016-08-10T13:06:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:07:45 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:08:07 * dinuka joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:22:35 * jhung joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:22:58 * jessm joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:24:03 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:30:52 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-08-10T13:31:51 <avtar> hey kasparnet
2016-08-10T13:37:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:38:11 <kasparnet> hey avtar
2016-08-10T13:38:44 * yzen joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:39:38 <avtar> cindyli mentioned earlier this week that she needs a vm where couchdb along with the preferences server and flow manager are running using production configs
2016-08-10T13:39:55 <avtar> i was hoping to get your thoughts regarding this issue https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1884
2016-08-10T13:40:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:46:20 * bens__ joined the channel
2016-08-10T13:51:23 <kasparnet> avtar: it seems like a somewhat brittle solution
2016-08-10T13:51:44 <avtar> yeah
2016-08-10T13:52:55 <kasparnet> I\'m not sure how to best deal with it
2016-08-10T13:53:52 <avtar> ideally components should allow their configuration to be overridden using environment variables otherwise their config files will need to be altered before deployment
2016-08-10T13:54:00 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T13:54:07 <kasparnet> yeah, that would really be great
2016-08-10T13:54:24 <avtar> but for today i just need to know which config file to use :P
2016-08-10T13:54:38 <kasparnet> hehe yeah, ok
2016-08-10T13:56:07 * kasparnet is looking
2016-08-10T14:02:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-10T14:03:22 <alanharnum> simonjb: fire drill! we\'re out of building. sepidehshahi will join meeting ASAP
2016-08-10T14:03:57 <kasparnet> such drama
2016-08-10T14:04:03 <simonjb> thanks alanharnum
2016-08-10T14:04:13 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-08-10T14:04:41 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T14:08:03 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-08-10T14:08:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-08-10T14:10:45 <kasparnet> avtar: I guess it depends on what mode cindyli wants to run the system in
2016-08-10T14:11:09 <kasparnet> but unless its as trusted flowmanager, there doesn\'t seem to be a single config that will achieve
2016-08-10T14:11:10 <kasparnet> it*
2016-08-10T14:11:34 <kasparnet> so the preferencesServer.standalone.production would be take care of the prefs server
2016-08-10T14:12:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-10T14:13:47 <kasparnet> and for the rest of it, I *think* that the untrusted.development.all.local could be used, but replacing the configName "gpii.config.cloudbased.development.all.local" with "gpii.config.cloudBased.production", and modifying the preferences server reference as well, on line 21 of that file
2016-08-10T14:16:06 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o, I hope you put out the fire with a cold brew coffee from around the corner.
2016-08-10T14:16:13 <Bosmon> Hey kasparnet
2016-08-10T14:16:16 <Bosmon> Welcome back :)
2016-08-10T14:16:17 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I got the inline editor working, although I took the images out.
2016-08-10T14:16:30 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'ve updated my pull request for the design guide site. I threw in a fix for Edge.
2016-08-10T14:17:08 <avtar> kasparnet: cindyli might be afk due to the fire drill but i believe the objective is to run the pref server and flow manager in the same way they were being used in production
2016-08-10T14:17:37 <avtar> the flow manager used the cloudBased.production.json config prior to these changes
2016-08-10T14:18:14 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i\'m back now, the fire alarm cleared
2016-08-10T14:19:47 <the-t-in-rtf> We should just agree on next steps, I am tidying up the work we did together and then need to head home before the architecture meeting.
2016-08-10T14:20:13 <avtar> kasparnet: just to confirm the preferences server config details, to deploy it in production one needs to invoke it this way?  NODE_ENV="gpii.config.preferencesServer.standalone.production" node gpii.js
2016-08-10T14:20:15 <the-t-in-rtf> How about another pairing session, same time next week?
2016-08-10T14:20:28 <cindyli> avtar and kasparnet, pls correct me if i\'m wrong. http://untrusted.development.all.local/ starts both local and cloud side. as kasparnet said, the cloud side uses gpii.config.cloudBased.production. so i think as the first step, we can make sure the cloudBased.production config works well. so that i can reuse the 2 existing docker files that avtar mentioned for production config
2016-08-10T14:23:49 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: sure, would you also be interested in a larger group discussion about it. I know you can\'t make it to the design crits but I think i can arrange something. There are some people away next week, so it would have to be sometime after that.
2016-08-10T14:24:50 <the-t-in-rtf> I would love that, we need some more input and I\'d love to get some other people thinking about a few of the issues.
2016-08-10T14:25:05 <the-t-in-rtf> Let\'s get a couple more working next week and then try for a group meeting once everyone gets back?
2016-08-10T14:26:17 <kasparnet> cindyli: yeah -- I guess there is some weirdness going on with the preferences server though... It seems to be launched in development mode, even when via the the gpii.config.cloudbased.production  (which in turn pulls in gpii.config.cloudBased.development.all.local)
2016-08-10T14:26:43 <cindyli> ah ok
2016-08-10T14:27:03 <kasparnet> I mean, obviously, it shouldn\'t be a problem to have a second preferences server running, as long as we\'re pointing to the production one in our URLs
2016-08-10T14:27:24 <kasparnet> but it\'s a bit error prone, and hard(er) to ensure that we\'re using the correct one
2016-08-10T14:27:39 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: sounds good
2016-08-10T14:27:53 <kasparnet> cindyli, avtar: I guess the configuration file that we actually want might not exist
2016-08-10T14:28:50 <avtar> cindyli, kasparnet: i need to jump on a call. should we go over details during the arch meeting?
2016-08-10T14:28:57 <kasparnet> sure
2016-08-10T14:29:04 <avtar> thank youuuu
2016-08-10T14:29:05 <cindyli> cool
2016-08-10T14:29:57 * danayo joined the channel
2016-08-10T14:32:25 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: what do you think about Aug 24 at the time of our meeting today for the group meeting. i can see if some others can make it to that.
2016-08-10T14:32:58 * jhernandez has quit
2016-08-10T14:36:59 <the-t-in-rtf> *checking*(
2016-08-10T14:37:12 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, that\'s fine @Justin_o
2016-08-10T14:37:26 <the-t-in-rtf> I can do a half hour later even.
2016-08-10T14:37:39 <the-t-in-rtf> I just need to head home at 16:30 CET to make dinner before the architecture meeting.
2016-08-10T14:37:57 <the-t-in-rtf> so 15:30-16:30 CET would be fine, as would anything earlier.
2016-08-10T14:39:03 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: okay, cool thanks..
2016-08-10T14:40:03 <Justin_o> danayo, simonjb, alanharn_: would you be free on Aug 24 at 9am EDT to meet with the-t-in-rtf  and I for a meeting about the Fluid Sandbox
2016-08-10T14:40:15 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-08-10T14:40:25 <Justin_o> which is a live "coding" environment for Infusion components
2016-08-10T14:40:36 <alanharnum> Justin_o: that should be fine for me
2016-08-10T14:42:14 <Justin_o> alanharnum: great thanks
2016-08-10T14:42:43 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o, I figured out the codemirror issues, they have a function to call when the size of the container changes.
2016-08-10T14:42:44 <danayo> that should be fine Justin_o
2016-08-10T14:43:14 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: ah perfect, so you can tie that into an event for when the tab is displayed?
2016-08-10T14:43:22 <the-t-in-rtf> I can and did already.
2016-08-10T14:43:45 <the-t-in-rtf> The sandbox now makes the editors aware of the tab change
2016-08-10T14:43:59 <the-t-in-rtf> and I extended colin\'s codemirror grade to listen to that event and refresh the editor.
2016-08-10T14:44:14 <the-t-in-rtf> I also fleshed out the inline example so that there are two again.
2016-08-10T14:44:32 <the-t-in-rtf> I just needed to make an enclosing viewComponent for both of the examples and tidy up a bit.
2016-08-10T14:45:05 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, running home now, back online once I finish making dinner.
2016-08-10T14:45:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-08-10T14:53:12 * clown joined the channel
2016-08-10T15:03:32 <cindyli> hi Bosmon, need ur advice on this comment - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464#diff-for-comment-73395590, (please expand the comment, it\'s not yet outdated). when using fluid.promise.follow(source, target), as i understand, source and target will resolve the same payload. it\'s impossible to have target resolve a different payload when the source is resolved, right?
2016-08-10T15:03:32 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-08-10T15:04:02 * danayo has quit
2016-08-10T15:04:35 <cindyli> if so, i wonder what\'s the best way to use fluid.promise.follow() here. the payload resolved by dataStore.saveAuthCode() is
2016-08-10T15:04:38 <cindyli> { ok: true,
2016-08-10T15:04:38 <cindyli> id: \'3ae35316-4c3f-4559-8dab-4cefa436020e\',
2016-08-10T15:04:39 <cindyli> rev: \'1-a52e93d2a54ab722a38c5cd40be29d6c\' }
2016-08-10T15:04:42 <Bosmon> cindyli - for a different payload you should use fluid.promise.map
2016-08-10T15:04:49 <Bosmon> Please consult other comments on the pull
2016-08-10T15:04:51 <cindyli> ah ok. trying
2016-08-10T15:09:43 <cindyli> success
2016-08-10T15:11:41 * danayo joined the channel
2016-08-10T15:21:07 * simonjb has quit
2016-08-10T15:27:30 * colinclark has quit
2016-08-10T15:34:21 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-10T15:34:21 * colinclark has quit
2016-08-10T15:35:23 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-08-10T15:52:01 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-08-10T15:55:33 * kasparnet has quit
2016-08-10T15:57:31 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-08-10T16:00:11 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-08-10T16:01:26 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-08-10T16:12:03 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-10T16:21:34 * bens__ has quit
2016-08-10T16:39:01 <jhung> Justin_o: Can you take a look at this pull? It fixes the IE11 sidebar issue. https://github.com/fluid-project/docs-template/pull/6
2016-08-10T16:49:31 <Justin_o> jhung: sure, may not have time right away though but will try before the community meeting
2016-08-10T16:49:42 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: the community meeting today will be delayed till 3:30pm
2016-08-10T16:49:57 <jhung> thanks Justin_o.
2016-08-10T16:50:30 <clown> acknowledged, Justin_o.  I thought there was another meeting at 4pm about Vidyo a11y.
2016-08-10T16:50:44 <clown> but I could be wrong.
2016-08-10T16:52:17 * alanharnum has quit
2016-08-10T16:52:32 <Justin_o> clown: there is, but that has been moved up
2016-08-10T16:52:50 <clown> ah.  2:30 by chance, Justin_o?
2016-08-10T16:53:14 <colinclark> I\'m not sure 2:30 pm will work, clown
2016-08-10T16:53:18 <colinclark> but maybe 3 pm
'

