b'2016-05-17T17:45:55 <Bosmon> I don\'t see any update
2016-05-17T17:46:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:46:33 <Bosmon> Ok I see one now!
2016-05-17T17:47:50 <jhernandez> hahaha
2016-05-17T17:47:54 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-05-17T17:52:11 <jhernandez> Bosmon: ok, just pushed another commit
2016-05-17T17:53:30 <Bosmon> Ok, thanks jhernandez - looks much better!
2016-05-17T17:53:35 <Bosmon> And this works on "2nd try" right?
2016-05-17T17:53:45 <jhernandez> yup
2016-05-17T17:53:56 <Bosmon> jhernandez - awesome
2016-05-17T17:54:03 <Bosmon> I\'ll fix up the rest tonight
2016-05-17T17:54:09 <jhernandez> it fails on "check that setttings are restored" when orca settings file doesn\'t exist
2016-05-17T17:55:35 <jhernandez> thanks a lot, I really had a bad time figuring out whether the problem was my implementation or the testing framework
2016-05-17T17:59:35 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:59:41 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-05-17T18:01:31 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-05-17T18:02:24 <simonjb> //whoami
2016-05-17T18:02:57 * simonjb has quit
2016-05-17T18:04:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-05-17T18:12:12 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-05-17T18:16:36 * danayo joined the channel
2016-05-17T18:21:32 * simonjb2 joined the channel
2016-05-17T18:22:11 <Bosmon> Hi there simonjb, simonjb2 - I\'ve updated my Kettle pull at https://github.com/fluid-project/kettle/pull/21 for the issue you spotted on Friday
2016-05-17T18:22:37 <Bosmon> It depends on the following infusion update https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/712 which perhaps Justin_o or colinclark could take a look at
2016-05-17T18:23:13 <colinclark> I should have time this afternoon
2016-05-17T18:23:18 <colinclark> but I will need to read the JIRA thoroughly
2016-05-17T18:23:26 <Bosmon> It\'s quite an interesting one
2016-05-17T18:23:29 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon
2016-05-17T18:23:30 <colinclark> I spent some time looking at the code on the weekend
2016-05-17T18:23:36 <colinclark> but it wasn\'t clear what exactly was motivating it
2016-05-17T18:23:46 <colinclark> or what its impact will be on our code in general
2016-05-17T18:23:58 <colinclark> does it mean we will always delegate to fluid.require() now?
2016-05-17T18:24:06 * simonjb2 has quit
2016-05-17T18:25:35 <Bosmon> colinclark - for any framework code, I think it might, yes
2016-05-17T18:25:42 <colinclark> ok
2016-05-17T18:25:44 <Bosmon> I was just reading this npm issue: https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/2063
2016-05-17T18:25:58 <Bosmon> It appears that cyclic modules are properly supported in npm 3
2016-05-17T18:26:07 <Bosmon> But I don\'t think they could actually cover all cases of them
2016-05-17T18:26:38 <Bosmon> Certainly not in our world where we have numerous git-based dependencies which escape its policy
2016-05-17T18:29:04 <Bosmon> In any case, we aren\'t going to move up to npm 3, I think, before we move off the node 4 LTS ecosystem
2016-05-17T18:29:17 <Bosmon> Which looks like it won\'t be till October at a minimum when node 6 becomes LTS
2016-05-17T18:31:05 <Bosmon> The issue is that kettle now depends on gpii-pouchdb as a devDependency
2016-05-17T18:31:08 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-05-17T18:31:18 <Bosmon> gpii-pouchdb depends on gpii-express as a hard dependency, which depends on kettle as a devDependency
2016-05-17T18:31:27 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-05-17T18:32:45 <Bosmon> Within gpii-express, the following statement appears: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-express/blob/master/tests/js/lib/request.js#L4
2016-05-17T18:33:25 <colinclark> yes
2016-05-17T18:33:26 <Bosmon> Which attempts to load kettle as a plain dependency
2016-05-17T18:33:46 <Bosmon> NOW - if the reason that gpii-express has been loaded, is because gpii-pouchdb is a devDependency of something else, its OWN devDependencies will not be installed
2016-05-17T18:34:00 <Bosmon> So I think this is an issue that will never be resolved by an improved npm
2016-05-17T18:34:17 <Bosmon> It is something we could resolve in future by some form of MONOREPO pattern
2016-05-17T18:34:33 <Bosmon> In which kettle-testing, and gpii-testing, both became individually addressible npm artefacts
2016-05-17T18:34:44 <Bosmon> I mean, gpii-express-testing
2016-05-17T18:36:48 <Bosmon> I think at core, the issue is that the npm "devDependencies" abstraction isn\'t subtle enough to deal with this kind of transitivity
2016-05-17T18:36:52 <Bosmon> I think we\'ve run into such a thing before
2016-05-17T18:38:04 <Bosmon> I think the only credible answer is to factor all these projects into smaller modules, which we don\'t have time for at present
2016-05-17T18:39:04 <Bosmon> And even THEN the resolution would require us to move to npm 3
2016-05-17T18:46:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T18:57:47 <colinclark> Bosmon: I forget if you ever responded to my question about the short-term to do list I made in the note pad for the releases meeting today?
2016-05-17T18:58:04 <Bosmon> colinclark - I don\'t believe I did
2016-05-17T18:58:07 <colinclark> Down here on line 40: https://pad.gpii.net/p/technical-governance-for-releases-u262omb
2016-05-17T18:58:16 <colinclark> I just wondered if you thought it looked about right
2016-05-17T18:58:33 * gloob joined the channel
2016-05-17T19:03:00 * gloob has quit
2016-05-17T19:08:31 <Bosmon> Yes colinclark - I think that sounds excellent
2016-05-17T19:12:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-05-17T19:18:43 <colinclark> gtirloni, in an email to the meeting attendees and the ops list mentioned the idea of per-person dev deployments
2016-05-17T19:18:48 <colinclark> which I was thinking we could live without
2016-05-17T19:18:59 <colinclark> assuming amatas\' work is working soon
2016-05-17T19:19:13 <colinclark> There is certainly value to being able to deploy a personal fork or whatever
2016-05-17T19:20:19 <colinclark> but my impression is that we\'re better off focusing on making it insanely easy for a developer to spin up a "full stack" right on their local machine
2016-05-17T19:20:25 <colinclark> what\'s your impression of this, Bosmon?
2016-05-17T19:21:15 <Bosmon> I agree
2016-05-17T19:33:39 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-05-17T20:15:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T20:22:17 <alanharnum> colinclark: I can\'t help but think you and Bosmon could use this for inspiration next time you\'re working on cutting-edge Infusion demos: https://twitter.com/oioiiooixiii/status/732349012007866369
2016-05-17T20:22:47 <colinclark> oh dear
2016-05-17T20:22:53 <Bosmon> argh
2016-05-17T20:23:03 <colinclark> how do I get this image out of my head?
2016-05-17T20:23:04 <colinclark> :)
2016-05-17T20:23:27 <Bosmon> Endless recursion of an intolerant crank!
2016-05-17T20:23:35 <Bosmon> It\'s not the form of inspiration we really need :)
2016-05-17T20:23:57 <colinclark> I don\'t know if "intolerant" is quite the word I\'d use
2016-05-17T20:24:01 <colinclark> seems more suited to Linus
2016-05-17T20:24:22 <colinclark> I saw him speak once about reforming copyright law for artists
2016-05-17T20:24:30 <colinclark> and while I think he misunderstood what it was to be an artist
2016-05-17T20:24:36 <colinclark> he was pretty pragmatic in an interesting way
2016-05-17T20:31:28 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-05-17T20:31:36 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-05-17T20:35:53 * jhung has quit
2016-05-17T20:52:34 * wale has quit
2016-05-17T20:59:25 * gloob joined the channel
2016-05-17T21:03:33 * gloob has quit
2016-05-17T21:04:16 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-05-17T21:07:45 * anvk has quit
2016-05-17T21:10:10 * yzen has quit
2016-05-17T21:35:56 * danayo has quit
2016-05-17T21:56:25 * kasparnet has quit
2016-05-17T22:18:36 * yzen joined the channel
2016-05-17T22:39:44 * Justin_o has quit
2016-05-17T22:59:41 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-05-17T23:00:09 * gloob joined the channel
2016-05-17T23:04:04 * yzen_ has quit
2016-05-17T23:04:30 * gloob has quit
2016-05-17T23:07:32 * yzen joined the channel
2016-05-17T23:29:13 * bens__ has quit
2016-05-17T23:29:14 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-05-17T23:30:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T23:33:33 * yzen_ has quit
2016-05-17T23:35:03 * alanharnum has quit
'

b'2016-05-17T15:26:28 <kasparnet> amatas: I\'m wondering if this is what screws it up:
2016-05-17T15:26:33 <kasparnet> ==> server: Forwarding ports...
2016-05-17T15:26:33 <kasparnet> server: 8081 => 8081 (adapter 1)
2016-05-17T15:26:45 <kasparnet> this is part of the output when running: vagrant server up
2016-05-17T15:26:49 <gloob> permission in the github group
2016-05-17T15:30:34 <gloob> colinclark: summarizing, if you need something related to the windows installer, I\'m happy to receive input about priorities and potential good-to-have stuff
2016-05-17T15:30:40 <gloob> just ping me
2016-05-17T15:38:07 * Dinuka joined the channel
2016-05-17T15:38:45 <colinclark> gloob: permissions?
2016-05-17T15:38:48 <colinclark> can you elaborate?
2016-05-17T15:40:53 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-05-17T15:41:51 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-05-17T15:45:33 <gloob> https://github.com/orgs/GPII/teams
2016-05-17T15:45:36 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-05-17T15:45:40 <gloob> check InstallerProjects
2016-05-17T15:46:10 <gloob> Thanos21 (aka Thanos) is "committer" for installer repositories
2016-05-17T15:46:20 <gloob> in cloud4all era that was good
2016-05-17T15:46:27 <gloob> now we have somehow a problem
2016-05-17T15:46:44 <gloob> because I want that they have some kind of validation through PR acceptance
2016-05-17T15:46:53 <gloob> as every contribution to GPII-core does
2016-05-17T15:47:31 <gloob> colinclark: ^S
2016-05-17T15:47:56 <colinclark> yes
2016-05-17T15:48:05 <colinclark> Thanos, like anyone else, has to earn commit access
2016-05-17T15:48:23 <colinclark> If he\'s starting from scratch, we should make a new, empty organizational repository for the installer
2016-05-17T15:48:35 <colinclark> and he can make pull requests to it like any other component of the system
2016-05-17T15:48:43 <gloob> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-wix-installer
2016-05-17T15:48:44 <colinclark> we\'ll have to determine who the best reviewers are for his work
2016-05-17T15:48:47 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-05-17T15:49:03 * michelled has quit
2016-05-17T15:49:37 <colinclark> I think we will need to change this team\'s access
2016-05-17T15:49:42 <gloob> exactly
2016-05-17T15:49:43 <colinclark> I wonder why this was ever set up like this in the first place?
2016-05-17T15:49:57 <gloob> who knows, whatever
2016-05-17T15:50:18 <colinclark> I guess the idea was that the installer was one of these "incubated" repositories
2016-05-17T15:50:24 <gloob> probably
2016-05-17T15:50:34 <colinclark> being really clear about this was one of the reasons I suggested a separate organization for such repos
2016-05-17T15:50:40 <gloob> yes
2016-05-17T15:50:47 <colinclark> but sgithens told me it was somehow "uncool"
2016-05-17T15:50:50 <gloob> that will make it clear and simpler
2016-05-17T15:50:52 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-05-17T15:51:02 <colinclark> is Thanos starting from scratch?
2016-05-17T15:51:02 <gloob> :-)
2016-05-17T15:51:08 <gloob> they are using the same repo
2016-05-17T15:51:10 <colinclark> ok
2016-05-17T15:51:21 <gloob> Nikos asked me for permissions
2016-05-17T15:51:47 <gloob> I told him about the current gpii-core PR schema
2016-05-17T15:51:53 <gloob> I want to follow it
2016-05-17T15:52:01 <colinclark> Yes, absolutely not
2016-05-17T15:52:04 <colinclark> :)
2016-05-17T15:52:09 <gloob> my idea is to help him with the PRs
2016-05-17T15:52:18 <colinclark> I can\'t quite tell if this makes sense
2016-05-17T15:52:28 <gloob> and let another one to finally kick it in
2016-05-17T15:52:30 <colinclark> but my impression is that we should create a new repository called gpii-windows-installer
2016-05-17T15:52:34 <colinclark> and have them target pull requests to it
2016-05-17T15:52:43 <colinclark> since everything, from scratch, will have to be reviewed
2016-05-17T15:52:43 <gloob> no problem anyway
2016-05-17T15:52:45 <gloob> makes sense
2016-05-17T15:52:49 <colinclark> do you think that will be very painful for them?
2016-05-17T15:52:50 <gloob> good for me
2016-05-17T15:52:51 <gloob> no
2016-05-17T15:52:55 <colinclark> kasparnet: Does this make sense to you, too?
2016-05-17T15:53:33 <colinclark> I don\'t know if there\'s an easier way
2016-05-17T15:53:37 <colinclark> which would preserve history
2016-05-17T15:53:40 <colinclark> perhaps that is worthwhile
2016-05-17T15:53:44 <gloob> question pending is what to do with wix repo
2016-05-17T15:53:55 <gloob> you can copy a git repository history
2016-05-17T15:54:02 <gloob> but
2016-05-17T15:54:04 <gloob> let me see
2016-05-17T15:54:12 <gloob> eleven commits
2016-05-17T15:54:18 <kasparnet> I think doing the review from scratch, etc., makes sense - if that was the question
2016-05-17T15:54:42 <colinclark> yup, exactly kasparnet
2016-05-17T15:56:24 <kasparnet> amatas: ok - that seems to do the trick on port 8081
2016-05-17T15:56:48 <kasparnet> I gotta run now but will try and wrap things up later or tomorrow morning
2016-05-17T15:57:00 <colinclark> I hadn\'t heard of electron-builder, gloob
2016-05-17T15:57:04 <colinclark> it looks quite interesting
2016-05-17T15:57:14 <gloob> really promising
2016-05-17T15:57:24 <gloob> I want to do a PoC in the mac branch
2016-05-17T15:57:52 <colinclark> cool
2016-05-17T15:57:58 <gloob> but I have a lot of over my plate
2016-05-17T15:58:04 <colinclark> nice that it bundles Squirrel with it
2016-05-17T15:58:13 <colinclark> yes, understandable
2016-05-17T15:58:20 <gloob> what is squirrel?
2016-05-17T15:58:30 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-05-17T15:59:02 <colinclark> https://github.com/Squirrel
2016-05-17T15:59:24 <gloob> uhummmmmmmmmmmmmm
2016-05-17T15:59:25 <colinclark> I believe it\'s very widely used for a lot of different apps
2016-05-17T15:59:39 <gloob> this is in the same wavelength of Installation on-demand
2016-05-17T15:59:44 <colinclark> we\'ll need to use it ourselves soon
2016-05-17T15:59:53 <colinclark> auto-updates, anyway
2016-05-17T16:00:13 <gloob> good, yes
2016-05-17T16:00:28 <colinclark> I guess we should make sure that everything Thanos is doing will be compatible with using Squirrel
2016-05-17T16:00:32 <colinclark> so that a user can come along and install the GPII
2016-05-17T16:00:40 <gloob> good point
2016-05-17T16:00:41 <colinclark> and then we will be able to push updates to clients once it\'s installed
2016-05-17T16:00:57 <gloob> let me check if I have that modeled in jira
2016-05-17T16:02:23 * jhung joined the channel
2016-05-17T16:02:28 <colinclark> cool
2016-05-17T16:04:43 <gloob> well, added
2016-05-17T16:16:13 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: here\'s an article about keyboard accessibility from WebAIM http://webaim.org/techniques/keyboard/
2016-05-17T16:17:42 * jhung has quit
2016-05-17T16:19:40 <gloob> kasparnet: did you say that the wix installer is not accessible?
2016-05-17T16:22:44 <gloob> I will track that too
2016-05-17T16:23:31 <gloob> ah it was tracked
2016-05-17T16:23:36 <gloob> \\o/
2016-05-17T16:24:52 * Dinuka joined the channel
2016-05-17T16:26:47 * kasparnet has quit
2016-05-17T16:57:30 * gloob has quit
2016-05-17T16:57:56 * gloob joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:02:50 * gloob has quit
2016-05-17T17:06:43 * alanharnum has quit
2016-05-17T17:06:50 * Dinuka has quit
2016-05-17T17:11:22 <jhernandez> Bosmon: I\'ve just addressed your last comments on the linux pull
2016-05-17T17:11:38 <jhernandez> BUT, tests are still broken
2016-05-17T17:11:50 <Bosmon> jhernandez - ok
2016-05-17T17:11:52 <jhernandez> both orca\'s and integration tests are broken
2016-05-17T17:12:04 <Bosmon> For the standard reason, or a new reason?
2016-05-17T17:13:10 <jhernandez> I\'ve almost managed to get the integration tests working, but now looks like we\'re having a race condition somewhere
2016-05-17T17:13:18 <jhernandez> probably related to node-jqUnit, but not sure
2016-05-17T17:13:42 <Bosmon> Would you like to try to fix it?
2016-05-17T17:15:15 <jhernandez> I would love to, but I\'m not sure whether the changes I\'ve done so far in our integration testing framework make sense
2016-05-17T17:15:35 * simonjb2 joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:15:58 <Bosmon> What changes have you done?
2016-05-17T17:16:22 <jhernandez> would a git diff work for you?
2016-05-17T17:16:33 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:16:36 * jhung joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:16:50 <Bosmon> Ok, I will look
2016-05-17T17:16:57 <Bosmon> I thought you might have a verbal description of your strategy : P
2016-05-17T17:17:51 <Bosmon> Ok well, you presumably made these changes in universal where you have not committed them?
2016-05-17T17:17:51 <jhernandez> haha
2016-05-17T17:18:11 <jhernandez> exactly, I didn\'t push them
2016-05-17T17:18:19 <Bosmon> Well, please show them to me
2016-05-17T17:18:23 <jhernandez> does this diff work http://pastebin.com/JtSvMp6c ?
2016-05-17T17:19:41 <Bosmon> Yes, this is rubbish
2016-05-17T17:19:46 <jhernandez> OF COURSE!
2016-05-17T17:19:49 <Bosmon> Most of your assertions will execute after the test sequence has finished
2016-05-17T17:19:49 <jhernandez> :D
2016-05-17T17:20:05 <jhernandez> exactly
2016-05-17T17:20:43 <Bosmon> Ok, don\'t worry, I will look at it later this evening
2016-05-17T17:21:46 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:22:33 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:23:10 <Bosmon> jhernandez - you don\'t seem to have addressed many of my comments
2016-05-17T17:23:43 <Bosmon> Did you commit your changes?
2016-05-17T17:23:57 <Bosmon> It\'s ok if it fails in the "first run" case for orca, I\'ll fix that part myself
2016-05-17T17:24:41 * simonjb has quit
2016-05-17T17:24:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:27:49 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:37:22 * danayo has quit
2016-05-17T17:39:12 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-05-17T17:41:42 <jhernandez> Bosmon: oh, that fluid.map thing, hold a sec
2016-05-17T17:45:53 <Bosmon> jhernandez - in fact all of my comments on orcaSettingsHandler.js
'

b'2016-05-17T14:09:41 <simonjb> Dinuka: no problem, did you see the meeting doodle poll on the gpii architecture list?
2016-05-17T14:10:12 <simonjb> or did you find out about it by another means?
2016-05-17T14:10:12 <Dinuka> gpii?
2016-05-17T14:10:37 <Dinuka> I saw that in the channel I think
2016-05-17T14:10:42 <simonjb> ah, ok
2016-05-17T14:11:32 <simonjb> Avtar sent an email with the meeting details to the gpii architecture list
2016-05-17T14:11:54 <simonjb> that explains why you didn\'t see it -- I\'m guessing you aren\'t on that list?
2016-05-17T14:12:48 <Dinuka> ah.... I saw that from the email...... now only it came to my mind
2016-05-17T14:12:48 * danayo joined the channel
2016-05-17T14:12:54 <Dinuka> sorry simonjb
2016-05-17T14:13:04 <simonjb> no problem at all
2016-05-17T14:13:29 <Dinuka> I just saw the email
2016-05-17T14:13:45 <simonjb> are you on the gpii architecture list?
2016-05-17T14:14:15 <Dinuka> no
2016-05-17T14:14:23 <Dinuka> Im there only in fluid-work@fluidproject.org
2016-05-17T14:15:24 <Dinuka> should I subscribe to gpii
2016-05-17T14:15:30 * bens__ joined the channel
2016-05-17T14:16:40 <simonjb> Dinuka: it might be of interest to you but it\'s not essential to your work I think
2016-05-17T14:16:58 <Dinuka> I\'l try to join in technology meetings in the future
2016-05-17T14:17:20 <simonjb> the GPII is a project that is using Fluid technology extensively and a number of us are working on it
2016-05-17T14:17:46 <Dinuka> ah
2016-05-17T14:18:03 <Dinuka> anyway..... Wednesday 7.30 would be fine  for our meeting
2016-05-17T14:18:11 <Dinuka> I can make it
2016-05-17T14:18:25 <simonjb> Dinuka: it\'s no problem, I was just wanting to figure out if you hadn\'t received notification of the meeting (but had heard about it and added yourself to the poll)
2016-05-17T14:18:45 <simonjb> Dinuka: that\'s great
2016-05-17T14:19:36 <Dinuka> yeah
2016-05-17T14:20:24 <Dinuka> since I had a small background also... I though that I could share some thing and get some more knowledge too
2016-05-17T14:21:25 <simonjb> Dinuka: sorry that we didn\'t get the meeting info to you -- next time we\'ll be sure to include you
2016-05-17T14:21:41 <Dinuka> great
2016-05-17T14:22:10 <Dinuka> simonjb: where are we doing our meeting tmrw..... is it in hangouts or skype
2016-05-17T14:23:19 <simonjb> Dinuka: I\'m good with either of those (and we also have our own video conferencing system called vidyo) -- do you have a preference?
2016-05-17T14:23:52 <Dinuka> yeah.... will give it a try
2016-05-17T14:25:52 <simonjb> Dinuka: if you are interested in GPII, here are some links: http://gpii.net/ and https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Main_Page
2016-05-17T14:26:27 <simonjb> Dinuka: which video conferencing would you like to use tomorrow?
2016-05-17T14:27:50 <Dinuka> for tomrw, shall we use hangouts, lets move to vidyo next time
2016-05-17T14:28:32 <simonjb> Dinuka: that works for me -- looking forward to chatting with you tomorrow
2016-05-17T14:29:13 <Dinuka> me too..... simonjb
2016-05-17T14:31:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-05-17T14:33:52 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-05-17T14:35:00 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-05-17T14:36:19 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-05-17T14:42:14 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-05-17T14:55:52 <colinclark> kasparnet, Bosmon: Do you guys have a quick second to chat here?
2016-05-17T14:56:00 <Bosmon> Sure
2016-05-17T14:56:04 <kasparnet> sure
2016-05-17T14:56:15 <colinclark> I guess the lingering question for me related to releases is the installer
2016-05-17T14:56:28 <colinclark> I think that SILO is working on a new version of it
2016-05-17T14:56:33 <colinclark> but is it something we can release?
2016-05-17T14:56:45 <colinclark> or can the previous version suffice in some way?
2016-05-17T14:56:49 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-05-17T14:57:45 <kasparnet> stating the obvious, but that depends on what we consider sufficient for a release
2016-05-17T14:57:56 <kasparnet> I think the old installer script was working relatively well
2016-05-17T14:58:06 <colinclark> kasparnet: Are there obvious insufficiencies in the Cloud4All installer?
2016-05-17T14:58:17 <colinclark> Or should it be okay to continue using until the SILO contract is done?
2016-05-17T14:58:20 <kasparnet> I think accessibility might be an issue
2016-05-17T14:58:47 <kasparnet> but other than that, I think it\'s ok
2016-05-17T14:58:48 <colinclark> Meaning, the installer doesn\'t work well with a screen reader?
2016-05-17T14:58:58 <colinclark> or something else?
2016-05-17T14:58:59 <amatas> colinclark, I know that is not a priority, but I think that the same assumptions applied to the SILO\'s installer can be applied to the Linux packages.
2016-05-17T14:59:11 <colinclark> amatas: No, I think it should be a priority
2016-05-17T14:59:17 <colinclark> we fully support both Windows and Linux
2016-05-17T14:59:41 <colinclark> so we should ship Linux packages alongside our npm releases and the Windows installer
2016-05-17T14:59:57 <kasparnet> colinclark: tbh, I\'m not sure -- I just dont think it has been tested for keyboard, screen reader, etc., accessiblity
2016-05-17T14:59:59 <amatas> ah ok, I thought that windows installer was in the top of the list because the LGS and jobcenters,...
2016-05-17T15:00:30 <amatas> but is good to know that Linux is at the same level :)
2016-05-17T15:00:37 <colinclark> I think it should be, anyway, amatas
2016-05-17T15:00:45 <colinclark> kasparnet: Okay, fair enough
2016-05-17T15:00:48 <colinclark> not ideal, but fair enough
2016-05-17T15:01:51 <colinclark> kasparnet: Am I right that the current installer is built nightly, but using SILO\'s own infrastructure?
2016-05-17T15:02:05 <colinclark> amatas: Do you know if we\'ve looked at ways to build the Windows installer ourselves?
2016-05-17T15:02:08 <kasparnet> colinclark: yes, that\'s correct
2016-05-17T15:02:17 <colinclark> Will it ultimately require a Windows VM running in our infrastructure?
2016-05-17T15:02:39 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-05-17T15:02:57 <colinclark> kasparnet: How do you feel about the default solutions registry and device reporters mocks that we ship in master? Are they sufficient for basic functionality of the GPII for demos and the like?
2016-05-17T15:03:21 <colinclark> I guess a lot of what Steve has done with the LGS is just shipped specific AT with the GPII itself, and made sure that the config files all align
2016-05-17T15:03:28 <kasparnet> for demos that we do ourself, I think they\'re pretty decent
2016-05-17T15:03:51 <kasparnet> if it\'s something we\'re shipping to other people, I think in particular the device reporter stuff is brittle
2016-05-17T15:04:09 <colinclark> brittle how?
2016-05-17T15:04:57 <amatas> colinclark, not sure if there was something official, but some time ago I tried to build our own windows installer: https://github.com/amatas/gpii-package-manager/blob/master/Templates/package.nuspec
2016-05-17T15:04:59 <kasparnet> well - it\'s expecting certain things to be installed on the device, so if eg. you delete NVDA + configs, I think the system would crash
2016-05-17T15:05:04 <kasparnet> with no sensible error messages
2016-05-17T15:05:05 <amatas> https://github.com/amatas/gpii-package-manager
2016-05-17T15:05:30 * simonjb has quit
2016-05-17T15:05:42 <amatas> That was a "concept project" were I tried to manage gpii as a linux package in windows
2016-05-17T15:05:45 <colinclark> amatas: Do you have an impression of how long it would take you to get to the point where we can automatically build the Windows installer ourselves, based on the work you\'ve already done?
2016-05-17T15:06:00 <colinclark> kasparnet: Ok, that\'s good to know
2016-05-17T15:11:41 <amatas> colinclark, in that repository I use nupkg, it seems that SILO will use electron packager
2016-05-17T15:12:14 <amatas> anyway both approaches will be commands or powershell scripts that will run in a windows box
2016-05-17T15:12:50 <amatas> so I guess that it will be easy to setup a CI task that builds a windows installer
2016-05-17T15:13:08 <kasparnet> hey amatas
2016-05-17T15:13:13 <kasparnet> https://github.com/amatas/vagrant-gpii-server-client/blob/master/provisioning/preferences-server-vars.yml
2016-05-17T15:13:22 <colinclark> Are you comfortable with it being a blocker for a 0.3.0 release, amatas?
2016-05-17T15:13:40 <kasparnet> it seems that the server uses port 8081 as well
2016-05-17T15:13:48 <kasparnet> (when running vagrant up from your repo)
2016-05-17T15:14:06 <kasparnet> do you have a sense of what it could be that takes up that port?
2016-05-17T15:14:48 <colinclark> kasparnet, Bosmon, amatas: Do you feel like the list on line 40 here is about right? https://pad.gpii.net/p/technical-governance-for-releases-u262omb
2016-05-17T15:14:57 <kasparnet> it doesn\'t happen when I run the preferencesServer.production config manually on my own device
2016-05-17T15:15:03 <amatas> kasparnet, let me check, because I my env I have 8082 listening
2016-05-17T15:17:56 <kasparnet> amatas: 8082 is indeed listening
2016-05-17T15:18:16 <amatas> kasparnet, That doesn\'t make sense: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/configs/preferencesServer.production.json#L10
2016-05-17T15:18:18 <kasparnet> so I can do curl 192.168.50.10:8082/preferences/carla
2016-05-17T15:18:20 <gloob> nono
2016-05-17T15:18:22 <kasparnet> which works
2016-05-17T15:18:26 <gloob> silo is using wix
2016-05-17T15:18:37 <gloob> we will try to provide a PoC with electron builder
2016-05-17T15:19:12 <kasparnet> but my localhost:8081 is blocked
2016-05-17T15:19:13 <amatas> kasparnet, maybe an old setup
2016-05-17T15:19:19 <kasparnet> whenever I launch the VM
2016-05-17T15:19:30 * danayo has quit
2016-05-17T15:19:38 <gloob> deadline for this implementation is end of July so I suggest to wait
2016-05-17T15:20:05 <amatas> kasparnet, do you have modified files inside the VM?, I recommend to destroy it and spin up again
2016-05-17T15:20:07 <gloob> now silo is integrating with our atlas windows vm generated based on windows vagrant boxes
2016-05-17T15:20:23 <kasparnet> amatas: only files inside the fedora vm
2016-05-17T15:20:41 <kasparnet> so its: vagrant destroy && vagrant up
2016-05-17T15:20:43 <kasparnet> ?*
2016-05-17T15:20:47 <gloob> I will try to notify in architecture mail list about progress :-)
2016-05-17T15:20:54 <amatas> vagrant destroy server && vagrant up server
2016-05-17T15:20:54 <gloob> w.r.t. windows installer
2016-05-17T15:21:19 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-05-17T15:21:23 <kasparnet> amatas: if I only want to run the preferences server - do I do: vagrant up server?
2016-05-17T15:21:30 <kasparnet> or just vagrant up?
2016-05-17T15:21:44 <amatas> vagrant up [name of the virtual machine]
2016-05-17T15:21:59 <amatas> and the server VM only has a couchdb + preferences server + nodejs (https)
2016-05-17T15:22:03 <kasparnet> colinclark: did you see gloob\'s info about the installer?
2016-05-17T15:22:39 <colinclark> i just did now
2016-05-17T15:22:43 <gloob> I mean, replying to colinclark the idea is to integrate with our infrastructure
2016-05-17T15:22:57 <gloob> so, if they are actually generating windows installer nightly in their infrastructure
2016-05-17T15:23:05 <gloob> they should integrate with our current setup
2016-05-17T15:23:09 <colinclark> What is "electron builder," gloob?
2016-05-17T15:23:13 * danayo joined the channel
2016-05-17T15:23:30 <gloob> colinclark: https://github.com/electron-userland/electron-builder
2016-05-17T15:23:30 <colinclark> and what is an altas windows vm?
2016-05-17T15:24:25 <gloob> https://github.com/idi-ops/packer-windows generate box that we publish https://atlas.hashicorp.com/inclusivedesign/boxes/windows10-eval
2016-05-17T15:24:38 <colinclark> oh, oh
2016-05-17T15:24:40 <kasparnet> amatas: ok - that might be my issue
2016-05-17T15:24:46 <colinclark> avtar\'s vagrant boxes, yes :)
2016-05-17T15:24:58 <gloob> atlas is the registry of hashicorp for vm boxes
2016-05-17T15:24:58 <colinclark> thanks, gloob
2016-05-17T15:25:01 <gloob> np
2016-05-17T15:25:09 <colinclark> I\'m not super keen to wait until July
2016-05-17T15:25:13 <gloob> that we should have our own
2016-05-17T15:25:16 <colinclark> is there any incremental progress that SILO has made?
2016-05-17T15:25:16 <gloob> so
2016-05-17T15:25:19 <gloob> no
2016-05-17T15:25:28 <gloob> they had holidays along my sick leave
2016-05-17T15:25:33 <gloob> so we are starting really
2016-05-17T15:25:35 <gloob> BUT
2016-05-17T15:25:46 <gloob> the good thing is that we can prioritze the integration in our CI stack
2016-05-17T15:26:07 <gloob> also there\'s an open question
2016-05-17T15:26:22 <gloob> about permissions with the installer group, but I have pending an e-mail about
'

b'2016-05-17T00:30:08 * danayo joined the channel
2016-05-17T00:55:01 * danayo has quit
2016-05-17T00:59:25 * yzen joined the channel
2016-05-17T01:08:00 * danayo joined the channel
2016-05-17T01:20:23 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-05-17T01:22:57 * cindyli has quit
2016-05-17T01:25:10 * yzen_ has quit
2016-05-17T01:59:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T02:09:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-05-17T03:16:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T03:41:28 * danayo has quit
2016-05-17T03:46:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T03:51:14 * from-fluid-IRC has quit
2016-05-17T03:52:21 * from-fluid-IRC joined the channel
2016-05-17T04:01:12 * from-fluid-IRC has left the channel
2016-05-17T04:01:41 * from-fluid-IRC joined the channel
2016-05-17T06:37:56 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-05-17T06:40:36 * amatas joined the channel
2016-05-17T06:48:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T07:49:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T07:51:58 * gloob joined the channel
2016-05-17T07:54:09 * alanharnum has quit
2016-05-17T08:50:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T09:51:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T10:00:48 <amatas> hi Bosmon, are you around?
2016-05-17T10:08:09 <Bosmon> Hi amatas
2016-05-17T10:09:08 <amatas> I\'ve been trying to fix the tests
2016-05-17T10:09:43 <amatas> and I figured out that all depends on this line https://github.com/amatas/GPII-universal/blob/master/gpii/configs/cloudBased.production.json#L15 to work properly
2016-05-17T10:10:18 <amatas> it doesn\'t matter the content of line: https://github.com/amatas/GPII-universal/blob/master/gpii/configs/production.with.logging.json#L15
2016-05-17T10:13:42 <amatas> I\'m using this code of this branch: https://github.com/amatas/GPII-universal/tree/GPII-1781/examples/gpii-production-tests
2016-05-17T10:32:05 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-05-17T10:42:48 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-05-17T10:51:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T10:55:47 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-05-17T10:58:29 <Bosmon> amatas - yes, I see that this is a way in which the config system in trunk is broken
2016-05-17T10:58:45 <Bosmon> Sadly kaspernet is not here in order to account for it : P
2016-05-17T10:59:12 <amatas> :(
2016-05-17T10:59:33 <Bosmon> amatas - so, just make sure you override "devUrls" rather than "cloudBasedUrls" in your driver and it should be fine
2016-05-17T10:59:39 <amatas> well, I\'ll keep trying to fix them
2016-05-17T11:00:19 <Bosmon> And derive from the productionWithLogging instead
2016-05-17T11:00:27 <Bosmon> Since that is the config that productionConfigTests wants to use
2016-05-17T11:00:29 <amatas> Bosmon, https://github.com/amatas/GPII-universal/commit/3e1aaaa2a1d9cdb4f4036a4aa55b38b1adf5206c
2016-05-17T11:00:50 <Bosmon> ok
2016-05-17T11:01:21 <amatas> The latest commit was only an attempt
2016-05-17T11:31:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T11:41:25 * bens__ joined the channel
2016-05-17T12:14:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-05-17T12:20:39 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-05-17T12:31:07 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-05-17T12:32:23 * alanharnum has quit
2016-05-17T12:40:59 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-05-17T12:45:41 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-05-17T12:47:10 * yzen joined the channel
2016-05-17T12:50:21 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-05-17T12:52:57 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-05-17T12:53:39 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-05-17T12:55:29 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-05-17T12:56:42 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:00:14 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:00:26 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-05-17T13:01:52 * jhung joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:03:20 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:04:02 * michelled joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:05:54 <avtar> fluid-everyone: test coverage chit chat starting in the fluid-standup vidyo room if you\'re like to join https://conf.inclusivedesign.ca/flex.html?roomdirect.html&key=xemU59x8DtnO41eCMtCpCioWaRI
2016-05-17T13:06:02 <avtar> the-t-in-rtf ^
2016-05-17T13:06:57 <Bosmon> Hi avtar - I\'m pretty confused about my calendar
2016-05-17T13:07:04 <Bosmon> It seems to be showing the meeting an hour from now
2016-05-17T13:07:13 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:07:39 <Bosmon> Perhaps I have mixed up the meetings
2016-05-17T13:09:44 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-05-17T13:10:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:11:11 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:11:19 <Bosmon> Hey cindyli - you\'re on holiday :)
2016-05-17T13:11:29 <Bosmon> PaliwalSparsh - did you get set up with a Vidyo client?
2016-05-17T13:11:42 <PaliwalSparsh> yes
2016-05-17T13:11:43 <Bosmon> er account
2016-05-17T13:11:44 <Bosmon> ok
2016-05-17T13:11:46 * jessm joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:12:01 <avtar> the-t-in-rtf: https://pad.gpii.net/p/test-coverage-17-05-2016-pg42o0i
2016-05-17T13:13:55 <gtirloni> Fluid Calendar: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=u4ts3bmnc6k144uj2oh3aiuumo%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America/Sao_Paulo
2016-05-17T13:14:28 <gtirloni> without my timezone :P https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=u4ts3bmnc6k144uj2oh3aiuumo%40group.calendar.google.com
2016-05-17T13:15:01 <Bosmon> Oh yes, there it is!
2016-05-17T13:15:24 <PaliwalSparsh> Bosmon last time danayo mailed me a link to get connected to the server.
2016-05-17T13:15:57 <Bosmon> PaliwalSparsh - did the link avtar paste just now not work?
2016-05-17T13:17:11 <PaliwalSparsh> Got it. Thanks Bosmon.
2016-05-17T13:18:04 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-05-17T13:18:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:20:28 <kasparnet> Bosmon: looking at the production tests stuff
2016-05-17T13:20:44 <Bosmon> kasparnet - I think it is ok
2016-05-17T13:20:51 <kasparnet> but not 100% sure how to go about it - and not 100% what we\'re after
2016-05-17T13:21:08 <Bosmon> We don\'t need to spend too much more time on the stuff in trunk, as long as we are confident we know how to get it working based on the configs that are already there
2016-05-17T13:22:07 <Bosmon> If amatas can point me to at least ONE working configuration which uses the pattern we want, we can just start working now on fixing up the equivalent stuff in the GPII-1318 branch
2016-05-17T13:22:16 <Bosmon> It looks like the dependence structure of the options in trunk is buggered anyway
2016-05-17T13:22:24 <kasparnet> ok
2016-05-17T13:22:29 <Bosmon> There\'s this whole area named "cloudBasedUrls" which is looks like nothing ever reads
2016-05-17T13:22:33 * yzen_ has quit
2016-05-17T13:22:35 <Bosmon> it
2016-05-17T13:22:56 <kasparnet> yeah, I think you\'re right about that
2016-05-17T13:23:11 <Bosmon> I axed that in GPII-1318 since it didn\'t make any sense
2016-05-17T13:23:15 <Bosmon> So that\'s one less problem we have :)
2016-05-17T13:23:56 <kasparnet> ... so, do we plan to have our production test test against preferences.gpii.net by default, and then against the secondary VM when run in context of the CI?
2016-05-17T13:24:08 <Bosmon> kasparnet - yes
2016-05-17T13:24:27 <kasparnet> ok
2016-05-17T13:24:44 <Bosmon> And to derive the CI config from the "default production" config so it changes as little as possible - ideally just the one URL
2016-05-17T13:24:54 <kasparnet> yup
2016-05-17T13:25:32 <simonjb> PaliwalSparsh: I see you on the shared pad but I don\'t see you on the vidyo chat -- did you want to join?
2016-05-17T13:26:01 <kasparnet> I think the CI config derivation should be relatively straight forward... I\'m a bit confused about how to best modify the test to use a different config based on the context in which it is being run
2016-05-17T13:26:06 <PaliwalSparsh> Yes actually I got the link for pad only :)
2016-05-17T13:26:13 <Bosmon> kasparnet - we\'re not going to do that!
2016-05-17T13:26:21 <Bosmon> There are just different configs for different contexts
2016-05-17T13:26:27 <Bosmon> And then.... DOCUMENTATION :)
2016-05-17T13:26:32 <Bosmon> USE THIS CONFIG IN THIS CONTEXT : P
2016-05-17T13:27:00 <simonjb> PaliwalSparsh: https://conf.inclusivedesign.ca/flex.html?roomdirect.html&key=xemU59x8DtnO41eCMtCpCioWaRI
2016-05-17T13:27:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:28:01 <Bosmon> kasparnet - there are two meetings
2016-05-17T13:28:13 <Bosmon> The current CI-coverage meeting, and then the following release process meeting
2016-05-17T13:28:15 <Bosmon> I was also confused
2016-05-17T13:28:29 <kasparnet> ahhhhh
2016-05-17T13:28:36 <kasparnet> cheers Bosmon!!!
2016-05-17T13:29:09 <Bosmon> Hi PaliwalSparsh - could you mute your mic when you are not speaking, since we get some feedback from time to time
2016-05-17T13:29:19 <PaliwalSparsh> oh sorry
2016-05-17T13:29:27 <kasparnet> Bosmon: so in terms of production tests - our production tests is this: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/tests/ProductionConfigTests.js right now
2016-05-17T13:29:30 <Bosmon> cheers, np!
2016-05-17T13:29:41 <kasparnet> which is useing a specific config
2016-05-17T13:29:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:29:58 <kasparnet> (or rather each test is using a specific config)
2016-05-17T13:30:20 * anvk joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:30:47 <kasparnet> and is currently running against preferences.gpii.net
2016-05-17T13:31:13 <kasparnet> but this shouldn\'t be the case for the CI
2016-05-17T13:31:29 <kasparnet> and I take it we dont want to create a special case CI test
2016-05-17T13:32:20 <kasparnet> so not sure how "There are just different configs for different contexts" works - since we have a single test that we want to use differeent configs depending on contexts
2016-05-17T13:32:51 <kasparnet> and yes - I realize the irony in the wording of my message
2016-05-17T13:35:59 <avtar> https://github.com/codecov/example-node
2016-05-17T13:40:34 <Bosmon> kasparnet - yes we will create a special case CI test
2016-05-17T13:41:42 * yzen joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:42:07 <kasparnet> ok cool - that\'s sounds really straight forward
2016-05-17T13:43:32 <kasparnet> Bosmon: so if I make a test case that will work with amatas\' VMs for master (ignoring, for now the issue with https) we feel ok with the CI and production tests
2016-05-17T13:54:22 * wale joined the channel
2016-05-17T13:56:49 <amatas> kasparnet, actually the CI VMs are using "server:8082" as preferences host and port
2016-05-17T14:04:01 <kasparnet> amatas: yeah, I got that
2016-05-17T14:04:12 <kasparnet> mostly I was unsure about how many configs and tests we wanted
2016-05-17T14:05:56 * Dinuka joined the channel
2016-05-17T14:06:12 <amatas> kasparnet, I\'m trying to derive this config https://github.com/amatas/GPII-universal/blob/master/tests/ProductionConfigTests.js#L92 using this config file https://github.com/amatas/GPII-universal/blob/GPII-1781/examples/gpii-production-tests/GPIIProductionTests.json, when it\'s run with this driver: https://github.com/amatas/GPII-universal/blob/GPII-1781/examples/gpii-production-tests/driver.js
2016-05-17T14:06:32 <simonjb> hi Dinuka!
2016-05-17T14:06:48 <Dinuka> Hi simonjb
2016-05-17T14:07:14 <Dinuka> Sorry I didnt know how those technical meetings are happenning in fluid
2016-05-17T14:07:24 <Dinuka> I voted
2016-05-17T14:08:33 * bens__ has quit
2016-05-17T14:09:01 <Dinuka> I have done code coverage related work also before
2016-05-17T14:09:14 <Dinuka> for unit testing
'

