b'2016-12-06T22:22:06 * yzen_ has quit
2016-12-06T22:39:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-12-06T22:58:44 * alanharnum has quit
2016-12-06T22:59:52 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-12-06T23:00:26 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-12-06T23:03:28 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-12-06T23:23:08 * amatas has quit
2016-12-06T23:46:06 * David123_ has quit
2016-12-06T23:47:48 * Justin_o has quit
2016-12-06T23:50:30 * Kobi has quit
2016-12-06T23:59:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

b'2016-12-06T18:01:39 <Bosmon> And doesn\'t mean all that much even in the current one
2016-12-06T18:02:20 <Bosmon> I think it might be 8-9 years old
2016-12-06T18:02:36 <avtar1> Bosmon: at least apple takes a different support approach when it comes to their phones
2016-12-06T18:02:45 <Bosmon> It has some nutty 32-bit edition of MacOS on it
2016-12-06T18:03:11 <Bosmon> I had to hunt extremely hard even to find a version of VLC player that would run on it
2016-12-06T18:05:43 <Justin_o> yah they haven\'t used 32-bit for a while
2016-12-06T18:07:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-12-06T18:08:55 <Bosmon> ok Justin_o, jhung - I think the diagram now has all the content on it that we want
2016-12-06T18:10:36 <jhung> Thanks Bosmon.
2016-12-06T18:11:07 <Bosmon> So Justin_o - I wonder what you think about an odd issue ....
2016-12-06T18:11:24 <Bosmon> After presenting on it to the GPII team yesterday, I decided that this new feature in the IoC testing framework should be renamed
2016-12-06T18:11:31 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-12-06T18:11:31 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/795
2016-12-06T18:12:17 <Bosmon> We could either leave things as they are, which means that 2.0 will go out with a feature which will be immediately deprecated
2016-12-06T18:12:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think i caught you mentioning that in the IoC testing framework session
2016-12-06T18:12:35 <Bosmon> Or we could decide to push this, as we did with the previous "late fix", on the basis that there is nothing in trunk other than test cases which depend on it
2016-12-06T18:12:37 <Bosmon> What do you think?
2016-12-06T18:12:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. otherwise that would have to wait till 3.0
2016-12-06T18:13:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: if it\'s a minor change that we can test quickly, we can probably just get it in
2016-12-06T18:13:18 <Bosmon> My current pull has become corrupted with an unrelated real fix, but I could clean it up if we thought we should go for it
2016-12-06T18:13:20 <Bosmon> ok
2016-12-06T18:13:25 <Bosmon> Well, the test is just to run the test cases :)
2016-12-06T18:13:53 <Bosmon> Especially, given it is just a fix to our testing infrastructure...
2016-12-06T18:13:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, can you make that a blocker an submit a clean PR
2016-12-06T18:14:00 <Bosmon> ok cool
2016-12-06T18:14:01 <Bosmon> Will do
2016-12-06T18:14:47 * kasparnet has quit
2016-12-06T18:14:51 * Kobi joined the channel
2016-12-06T18:15:45 * David123_ joined the channel
2016-12-06T18:18:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-12-06T18:19:45 <kasparnet> Bosmon, avtar1, amatas, Bosmon5, clown, gtirloni: starting up again - discussing advanced MM stuff
2016-12-06T18:19:50 <kasparnet> (for those who are interested)
2016-12-06T18:20:00 <gtirloni> thx!
2016-12-06T18:20:11 <Bosmon> curse you
2016-12-06T18:20:19 <clown> kaspernet, thanks.  dunno if I could understnd advanced stuff.
2016-12-06T18:20:33 <clown> or spell for that matter.
2016-12-06T18:21:25 * cindyli has quit
2016-12-06T18:24:26 <Bosmon> Ok Justin_o - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/796 is clean, and I\'ve updated the JIRA
2016-12-06T18:24:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2016-12-06T18:24:39 <Justin_o> i\'ll take a look at that
2016-12-06T18:24:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do the docs need to be updated too?
2016-12-06T18:25:10 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-12-06T18:25:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - my pull is already updated
2016-12-06T18:25:21 <Bosmon> It didn\'t get merged into infusion-docs yet
2016-12-06T18:25:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it\'s the one with the diagram we were just looking at?
2016-12-06T18:25:55 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/103
2016-12-06T18:25:57 <Bosmon> No, the other one
2016-12-06T18:26:13 <Bosmon> Oh wait
2016-12-06T18:26:15 <Bosmon> It is the same one
2016-12-06T18:26:22 <Bosmon> I guess the stuff on contexts somehow got into this one
2016-12-06T18:26:34 * sirdancealot has quit
2016-12-06T18:27:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hopefully we can get both of those in soon :)
2016-12-06T18:27:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also if you have a list of new features in Infusion that we should hightlight for https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6062
2016-12-06T18:27:48 <Justin_o> that would be helpful. I\'m going to try to take that on this week as well
2016-12-06T18:28:43 <Bosmon> ok
2016-12-06T18:28:56 <Bosmon> I\'d like to see some HTML/CSS that achieves the effect shown in that pdf :)
2016-12-06T18:32:54 * colinclark has quit
2016-12-06T18:33:27 * michelled has quit
2016-12-06T18:34:06 <sgithens> https://www.dropbox.com/sh/el239yihmn5m55g/AACH-HtSsGYsXEScrRZbu6S4a?dl=0
2016-12-06T18:35:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how is this? https://jsfiddle.net/wgknohuj/
2016-12-06T18:36:12 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it would be nice for there to be something reusable - I guess, so we didn\'t need to cut and paste the same text everywhere
2016-12-06T18:36:21 <Bosmon> I guess there is some funky CSS trick for injecting content into things?
2016-12-06T18:36:33 <Justin_o> you can use data attributes for that
2016-12-06T18:36:46 <Justin_o> the data attribute\'s value could be set as content
2016-12-06T18:36:58 <Bosmon> But then there remains the question of, for example, how we manage to inject such a thing into the table that the PDF shows without destroying the formatting of it
2016-12-06T18:37:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. good question.. i think it would wrap to fit the table cell, but not 100% sure
2016-12-06T18:38:26 <Bosmon> The styling looks good
2016-12-06T18:39:17 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2016-12-06T18:41:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s an example in a table https://jsfiddle.net/wgknohuj/2/
2016-12-06T18:42:06 <Bosmon> Yes
2016-12-06T18:42:17 <Bosmon> I guess it is going to be a bit tough trying to avoid screwing up the table formatting
2016-12-06T18:42:24 <Justin_o> not quite as nice, maybe if i separate the parts before and after the ":" into paragraphs inside of the aside it would look better
2016-12-06T18:42:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah, in some cases it might be fine and others it could push out the cell
2016-12-06T18:47:20 * sgithens has quit
2016-12-06T18:48:05 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-12-06T18:53:00 * michelled joined the channel
2016-12-06T18:53:00 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-12-06T18:55:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: another example using p tags inside the aside in the table https://jsfiddle.net/wgknohuj/3/
2016-12-06T18:56:08 <Justin_o> i think that should work in both cases, but yes, it would involve a lot of copy and pasting on markup.
2016-12-06T19:02:27 <Justin_o> Kobi, David123_: could you please add link(s) to the community workshop ( https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+workshops ) wiki page. For what you\'ll be showing at the community meeting tomorrow.
2016-12-06T19:02:57 <David123_> Justin_o: ok
2016-12-06T19:03:27 <Justin_o> David123_: thanks
2016-12-06T19:11:27 <David123_> np
2016-12-06T19:16:23 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-12-06T19:23:53 * colinclark has quit
2016-12-06T19:28:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-12-06T19:31:20 * colinclark has quit
2016-12-06T19:44:48 * stegru joined the channel
2016-12-06T19:45:24 * clown has quit
2016-12-06T19:46:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-12-06T19:51:16 * colinclark has quit
2016-12-06T19:56:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: merged in https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/796
2016-12-06T19:58:08 * cindyli has quit
2016-12-06T20:01:00 * alanharnum has quit
2016-12-06T20:01:20 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-12-06T20:04:42 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-12-06T20:05:21 <Bosmon> Justin_o - awesome, thanks!
2016-12-06T20:05:27 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf will be glad :)
2016-12-06T20:05:37 <Justin_o> :)
2016-12-06T20:05:40 <Bosmon> That he can continue to use the Infusion 2.0 release to base his work on
2016-12-06T20:06:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s good news, it would be sad to put out a release that couldn\'t be used
2016-12-06T20:10:15 <Kobi> Not sure if this applies to anyone else, but GitHub is currently down.
2016-12-06T20:10:16 <Kobi> https://twitter.com/githubstatus/status/806228936208289792
2016-12-06T20:25:00 <avtar1> alanharn_: TIL https://date-fns.org/ exists
2016-12-06T20:25:26 <alanharn_> avtar1: thanks!
2016-12-06T20:26:11 * cindyli has quit
2016-12-06T20:26:14 <jhung> Justin_o, cindyli, anyone: it looks like UIO is kind of broken on the IDRC site. The text size and line spacing sliders only take on two values it seems. http://idrc.ocadu.ca/
2016-12-06T20:26:46 <Kobi> Justin_o:  When you get a second, do you mind helping us with a merge request?
2016-12-06T20:26:59 <Justin_o> Kobi: sure i\'ll come over now
2016-12-06T20:27:08 <Justin_o> jhung: i suggest they upgrade to Infusion 2.0 when it is released
2016-12-06T20:27:11 <Kobi> Justin_o:  Great, thanks
2016-12-06T20:27:24 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-12-06T20:27:29 <alanharnum> avtar1: lol: https://github.com/date-fns/date-fns/issues/275
2016-12-06T20:28:04 <jhung> Justin_o: by "they" you mean "us". :D
2016-12-06T20:28:15 <jhung> *we
2016-12-06T20:28:39 <jhung> by "we" it probably means me.
2016-12-06T20:32:38 <avtar1> alanharnum: noiice, a lot of valid points in favour of date-fns
2016-12-06T20:32:48 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-12-06T20:32:48 * gtirloni has quit
2016-12-06T20:32:59 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-12-06T20:33:21 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2016-12-06T20:33:22 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-12-06T20:33:22 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2016-12-06T20:34:20 <alanharnum> avtar1: the immutable factor is a huge one for me
2016-12-06T20:35:54 <alanharnum> as is the pure functions aspect
2016-12-06T20:43:46 * gtirloni has quit
2016-12-06T20:44:49 * alanharnum has quit
2016-12-06T20:50:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-12-06T20:50:11 * stegru has quit
2016-12-06T20:52:27 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-12-06T20:56:17 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-12-06T20:58:48 * jessm has quit
2016-12-06T21:09:10 * michelled has quit
2016-12-06T21:13:04 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-12-06T21:14:49 * sgithens has quit
2016-12-06T21:15:00 * cindyli has quit
2016-12-06T21:19:12 * jhernandez has quit
2016-12-06T21:20:48 * kasparnet has quit
2016-12-06T21:22:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-12-06T21:34:21 * alanharnum has quit
2016-12-06T21:34:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-12-06T21:34:35 * alanharnum has quit
2016-12-06T21:39:35 * clown joined the channel
2016-12-06T21:41:30 * jhung has quit
2016-12-06T21:41:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-12-06T21:43:11 * cindyli has quit
2016-12-06T21:45:56 * alanharnum has quit
2016-12-06T21:47:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-12-06T22:03:20 * clown has quit
2016-12-06T22:17:33 * yzen is now known as yzen_
'

b'2016-12-06T16:14:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-12-06T16:16:32 <Justin_o> jhung: i can try to follow antranig\'s suggestions to rough out some parts if you can clean it up
2016-12-06T16:16:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-12-06T16:17:48 <Justin_o> colinclark: assuming you\'re okay with the last set of changes i made to this PR ( https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/792 ), would you be able to merge it during your down time at the face-to-face
2016-12-06T16:18:17 <colinclark> I hope I\'ll get some down time!
2016-12-06T16:18:18 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2016-12-06T16:18:50 <colinclark> if someone at the hackathon like cindyli or Bosmon has more time, I\'d recommend them
2016-12-06T16:18:50 <Justin_o> colinclark: :)
2016-12-06T16:18:58 <colinclark> but otherwise I can do it late tonight, i think
2016-12-06T16:19:22 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks, if cindyli, michelled, or Bosmon have time that would be great too :)
2016-12-06T16:22:31 <cindyli> Justin_o: was looking at ur copyright pull request. just curious, did you go thru the history of each single .js to figure out when it gets changed by who?
2016-12-06T16:22:50 <Justin_o> I looked through the history and the blame feature
2016-12-06T16:23:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^ and yes, for each JS file
2016-12-06T16:23:25 <cindyli> whoa, that\'s lots of work. THANKS, Justin_o!
2016-12-06T16:23:31 <Justin_o> cindyli: :) thanks
2016-12-06T16:23:50 <alanharnum> applause Justin_o
2016-12-06T16:23:58 <Justin_o> alanharnum: :)
2016-12-06T16:24:25 <alanharnum> i think having gone through that now is the best time to consider how we can adjust processes or otherwise to make sure it isn\'t so onerous in the future :)
2016-12-06T16:24:58 <Justin_o> alanharnum: agreed
2016-12-06T16:25:29 <Justin_o> alanharnum: we had talked about using a single authors or contributors file and just pointing all the files at that.
2016-12-06T16:25:38 <Justin_o> I believe this is the start of that conversation https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-work/2016-11-29/?msg=77196617&page=3
2016-12-06T16:25:45 <alanharnum> yeah - especially since the BSD license is quite permissive, I think a blanket copyright statement + contributors file would seem perfectly acceptable to me
2016-12-06T16:26:06 <Justin_o> alanharnum: also this is a good read regarding those things https://softwarefreedom.org/resources/2012/ManagingCopyrightInformation.html
2016-12-06T16:27:23 <Justin_o> that talks about pros and cons of the various approaches.. I think the combination of using Git and the single file with the copyright info should be sufficient for us
2016-12-06T16:41:49 <jhernandez> Bosmon5 Bosmon I\'ve got an offtopic question about journalling
2016-12-06T16:42:16 <Bosmon> Hey there jhernandez
2016-12-06T16:42:20 <jhernandez> I\'ve found out that we\'re storing journal files when running tests
2016-12-06T16:42:31 <jhernandez> can we somehow disable this when running tests?
2016-12-06T16:42:54 <Bosmon> jhernandez - sure, be my guest : P
2016-12-06T16:43:03 <Bosmon> But they are just accumulated in the OS temp dir
2016-12-06T16:43:08 <jhernandez> the other day I discovered that I had zillions of journal files
2016-12-06T16:43:13 <Bosmon> TWENTY
2016-12-06T16:43:17 <Bosmon> Not zillions
2016-12-06T16:43:23 <jhernandez> haha
2016-12-06T16:43:52 <Bosmon> And who knows - when running tests is perhaps one of the times you might be most likely to want to restore your system
2016-12-06T16:44:02 <Bosmon> After all, we\'ve just established that the facility isn\'t really all that useful to real end users
2016-12-06T16:44:12 <Bosmon> Which implies that the people that it\'s most useful to must be developers : P
2016-12-06T16:45:23 <jhernandez> yes, it does make sense when running acceptance tests (from a platform) but not when running the integration ones (from universal)
2016-12-06T16:48:37 * alanharnum has quit
2016-12-06T16:53:53 <Justin_o> jhung, Bosmon: I\'ve updated the rough IoC Reference diagram. It could use some clean up, but hopefully it\'s addressed all of Bosmon\'s suggestions.
2016-12-06T16:54:00 <Justin_o> https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/14ESiMe0q8_lzVsAE-CkUvZdU42A_rs0_IfYg54pNFjA/edit?usp=sharing
2016-12-06T16:57:56 <gtirloni> jhung Justin_o: updated to 6.0.2 made the sidebar appear! no more 10-page stack traces
2016-12-06T16:58:10 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yeah :)
2016-12-06T16:58:13 <gtirloni> jhung Justin_o: footer and header still not showing. i removed the custom layout, but that didn\'t help...
2016-12-06T16:58:20 <Justin_o> gtirloni: :(
2016-12-06T16:58:58 <Justin_o> gtirloni: was that part of your ticket with Atlassian as well?
2016-12-06T17:00:24 <gtirloni> yep, i\'ll let them know the sidebar is back but the header/footer isn\'t
2016-12-06T17:02:59 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks
2016-12-06T17:03:13 <Justin_o> making progress though :)
2016-12-06T17:03:56 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i wonder if the collaborative editing will work now that you\'ve done this update
2016-12-06T17:05:18 <gtirloni> Justin_o: just enabled it, if you want to give it a try
2016-12-06T17:06:39 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i just edited a page, and it seems to work
2016-12-06T17:06:45 <Justin_o> i don\'t know about the collaborative part though
2016-12-06T17:06:57 <gtirloni> which page do you have in edit mode? i can try accessing it
2016-12-06T17:07:12 <Justin_o> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+workshops
2016-12-06T17:07:32 <Justin_o> gtirloni: I\'ll add another row to the table, and you can try to fill in the TBD part
2016-12-06T17:08:03 <gtirloni> cool, it works!
2016-12-06T17:08:15 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-12-06T17:08:44 <Justin_o> gtirloni: awesome :)
2016-12-06T17:09:04 <gtirloni> "never use the first versions of a major release" .. every time i fail to live by this rule, bad things happen :/
2016-12-06T17:09:19 <gtirloni> so 6.0.2 is looking promising now
2016-12-06T17:09:56 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yes, seems much better, but in your defence you were already using the second version 6.0.1
2016-12-06T17:10:33 <gtirloni> yep :(
2016-12-06T17:11:00 <gtirloni> so i created a new space, defined custom header/footer, but it doesn\'t work either... i thought maybe we were carrying some cruft from old versions but it doesn\'t look like it
2016-12-06T17:11:22 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks for testing that, it was a good idea
2016-12-06T17:12:35 <gtirloni> np
2016-12-06T17:12:36 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i suppose there could be something wrong with / missing from our default layouts
2016-12-06T17:12:47 <Justin_o> which are probably be carried over to all new spaces
2016-12-06T17:12:54 <gtirloni> i tested the infusion doc space with the default layout (we use a custom), but it didn\'t work
2016-12-06T17:13:04 <gtirloni> ah, do you mean we customized the global template?
2016-12-06T17:13:23 <gtirloni> oh! i see
2016-12-06T17:13:27 <gtirloni> the main layout is customized
2016-12-06T17:13:39 <Justin_o> that\'s what i\'m wondering
2016-12-06T17:13:57 <gtirloni> ok, let me test that
2016-12-06T17:14:40 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks
2016-12-06T17:14:49 * colinclark has quit
2016-12-06T17:15:04 <gtirloni> that was it!!
2016-12-06T17:15:09 <gtirloni> good idea Justin_o
2016-12-06T17:15:27 <gtirloni> now.. to what extend we need a custom layout now
2016-12-06T17:18:46 <Justin_o> gtirloni: hmm.. good question.. i don\'t know
2016-12-06T17:18:51 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-12-06T17:20:06 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i think for the docs it doesn\'t really matter too much, because they are just going to be preserved for past docs
2016-12-06T17:20:17 <Justin_o> and i don\'t really notice much of a change for the fluid space
2016-12-06T17:20:56 <gtirloni> yeah, interesting.. maybe the new theme caught up with what we desired back when we were using the documentation theme
2016-12-06T17:21:27 <Justin_o> gtirloni: possibly, they did add in features too the main theme like the headesr
2016-12-06T17:21:29 <Justin_o> headers
2016-12-06T17:21:47 <gtirloni> yeah
2016-12-06T17:21:57 <gtirloni> ok.. i have got the old layout sound and save here
2016-12-06T17:22:08 <Justin_o> gtirloni :)
2016-12-06T17:22:11 <gtirloni> do you think it\'s a good idea to keep the default layout in place and see if it works for us?
2016-12-06T17:22:24 <Justin_o> gtirloni: that would be my vote for now
2016-12-06T17:22:44 <gtirloni> ok cool
2016-12-06T17:23:21 <Justin_o> gtirloni: what was it that you did exactly, I want to replicate it for the Infusion Documentation space and the Infusion 1.4 documentation space as well
2016-12-06T17:23:33 <gtirloni> so the warning seems to be there now.. there is a macro {spacejump} that was from the Doc theme and doesn\'t exist anymore
2016-12-06T17:24:00 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yah, that was another feature that was removed from version 6, but i\'ll go and replace that macro
2016-12-06T17:24:16 <gtirloni> the spaces are using the default/global main layout... but the main/layout was customized. i was went to config > look and feel > layouts > reset to default (main layout)
2016-12-06T17:24:17 <Justin_o> or rather update the header to use a different link
2016-12-06T17:24:45 <gtirloni> so no changes to the spaces themselves
2016-12-06T17:25:00 <Justin_o> gtirloni: oh you did that globally?
2016-12-06T17:25:38 <gtirloni> i set the global main layout to the default..
2016-12-06T17:25:45 <Justin_o> gtirloni: okay
2016-12-06T17:25:46 <gtirloni> if a space is used something customized, it will continue to use that
2016-12-06T17:26:07 <gtirloni> the infusion doc and the infusion 1.3 doc weren\'t using local customizations, they were depending on the global main layout (which was customized)
2016-12-06T17:26:29 <Justin_o> gtirloni: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Infusion+Documentation
2016-12-06T17:26:32 <Justin_o> still looks quite differnt
2016-12-06T17:26:38 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-12-06T17:27:03 <Justin_o> i think it is using a custom page layout.. i\'ll see if i can reset that one
2016-12-06T17:27:15 <gtirloni> Justin_o: yep
2016-12-06T17:27:20 <gtirloni> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/spaces/listdecorators.action?key=docs
2016-12-06T17:27:51 <gtirloni> i set the \'main layout\' to the default configuration.. this was has a custom \'page layout\'
2016-12-06T17:28:10 * jhernandez has quit
2016-12-06T17:28:18 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-12-06T17:28:46 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i just rested that and it seems to have worked
2016-12-06T17:28:54 <gtirloni> cool
2016-12-06T17:28:58 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks for all the help with this :)
2016-12-06T17:29:02 <gtirloni> the less customizations, the easier in the future :)
2016-12-06T17:29:13 <gtirloni> cool, yw Justin_o! if something else shows up, please let me know
2016-12-06T17:29:25 <Justin_o> yah, unfortunate, but i think that\'ll save us a lot of future headaches
2016-12-06T17:30:05 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks gtirloni will do
2016-12-06T17:37:13 <Bosmon> Justin_o - thanks for the updates
2016-12-06T17:37:20 * kasparnet has quit
2016-12-06T17:37:21 <Bosmon> I realised that I can just edit the diagram :)
2016-12-06T17:37:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-12-06T17:38:57 * jhung has quit
2016-12-06T17:39:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :)
2016-12-06T17:40:19 <Bosmon> Wow, this is pretty cool
2016-12-06T17:41:04 * stegru has quit
2016-12-06T17:48:15 * jhung joined the channel
2016-12-06T17:50:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: better that visio?
2016-12-06T17:50:20 <Justin_o> than
2016-12-06T17:50:35 <Bosmon> Well, better than the version of visio that I have :)
2016-12-06T17:50:45 <Justin_o> :)
2016-12-06T17:50:50 <Justin_o> and it\'s collaborative
2016-12-06T17:50:55 <Bosmon> My infrastructure stopped at Office 2003
2016-12-06T17:51:13 * avtar has quit
2016-12-06T17:51:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: 13 years ago
2016-12-06T17:51:59 <Justin_o> it\'s impressive that it still works
2016-12-06T17:52:52 * avtar joined the channel
2016-12-06T17:59:17 * avtar1 joined the channel
2016-12-06T17:59:50 <Bosmon> Justin_o - people wouldn\'t choose the horrific Microsoft ecosystem if it didn\'t have some kind of enormous benefit :)
2016-12-06T18:00:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess that\'s true ;)
2016-12-06T18:00:08 * avtar has quit
2016-12-06T18:00:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: by the way, nice work on the drawing..
2016-12-06T18:00:30 <Bosmon> Apple users have to take for granted the fact that their stuff will stop working and end in landfill
2016-12-06T18:00:55 <Bosmon> We can\'t do much with Rachael\'s late father\'s MacBook, because all of the current browsers refuse to run on it
2016-12-06T18:00:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but i think the distinction between the not yet instantiated and injected components might be too subtle.. they look very similar
2016-12-06T18:00:59 <Bosmon> Amazingly, even including Firefox
2016-12-06T18:01:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how old is it?
2016-12-06T18:01:23 <Bosmon> Yeah, I think we might actually get rid of the "component not yet instantiated" box entirely
2016-12-06T18:01:32 <Bosmon> Since that distinction won\'t really mean anything in the new framework
'

b'2016-12-06T00:01:34 * alanharnum_2 joined the channel
2016-12-06T00:06:13 * alanharnum_2 has quit
2016-12-06T00:43:22 * danayo has quit
2016-12-06T00:43:57 * alanharnum_2 joined the channel
2016-12-06T00:44:00 * alanharnum_2 has quit
2016-12-06T01:37:30 * kavya has quit
2016-12-06T02:15:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-12-06T02:33:57 * colinclark has left the channel
2016-12-06T02:35:50 * michelled joined the channel
2016-12-06T02:36:05 * michelled has quit
2016-12-06T02:43:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-12-06T02:54:03 * kasparnet has quit
2016-12-06T03:02:31 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-12-06T03:33:22 * avtar has quit
2016-12-06T03:34:53 * yzen joined the channel
2016-12-06T04:02:19 * kasparnet has quit
2016-12-06T04:12:19 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-12-06T05:14:11 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-12-06T05:16:53 * alanharnum has quit
2016-12-06T05:23:29 * jhernandez has quit
2016-12-06T07:42:33 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-12-06T07:46:45 * yzen_ has quit
2016-12-06T08:56:59 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-12-06T09:47:18 * sirdancealot has quit
2016-12-06T10:03:42 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-12-06T10:05:46 * amatas joined the channel
2016-12-06T10:40:34 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2016-12-06T11:12:57 * gtirloni has quit
2016-12-06T11:15:49 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-12-06T12:59:48 * jhung joined the channel
2016-12-06T13:07:31 * michelled joined the channel
2016-12-06T13:24:06 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-12-06T13:25:28 * jhernandez has quit
2016-12-06T13:26:42 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-12-06T13:28:28 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-12-06T13:30:51 <Justin_o> gtirloni: hello, i was looking over the wiki issues with jhung yesterday.. I think there may be something broken with the wiki for some of the spaces.
2016-12-06T13:31:40 <Justin_o> for example the default theme now supports adding a header, but this doesn\'t seem to work in any of the spaces we tried it (infusion 1.3 documentation, infusion documentation, fluid)
2016-12-06T13:32:36 <Justin_o> also for the infusion 1.3 documentation space, the sidebar seems completely broken. https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/Infusion13/Infusion+v1.3+Documentation
2016-12-06T13:33:13 <Justin_o> notice that the sidebar is completely empty, it is even missing the "space tools" and collapse button at the bottom, which you can see on the main fluid space https://wiki.fluidproject.org
2016-12-06T13:33:27 <Justin_o> i believe those are added by the theme itself
2016-12-06T13:33:47 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-12-06T13:34:53 <gtirloni> ok, i\'ll verify this today and see if i can find a fix
2016-12-06T13:35:06 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks for your help
2016-12-06T13:35:40 <Justin_o> i did some google searches but didn\'t come up with anything related those not working
2016-12-06T13:36:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-12-06T13:36:50 <Justin_o> gtirloni: these are the docs for migrating from the documentation theme to the new "global look and feel" theme. https://confluence.atlassian.com/doc/documentation-theme-migration-faq-847355042.html
2016-12-06T13:37:27 <gtirloni> thanks
2016-12-06T13:39:10 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i think in short, the headers that went missing should have just worked. They were migrated over automatically.
2016-12-06T13:45:29 * yzen joined the channel
2016-12-06T13:47:00 <gtirloni> setting the documentation theme restores the header, but this theme seems broken
2016-12-06T13:47:53 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yah, according to their documentation it has been removed from version 6, so not entirely sure why it even shows up as an option
2016-12-06T13:48:04 <Justin_o> maybe because of the migration?
2016-12-06T13:49:38 <gtirloni> yeah, i think it carried it over
2016-12-06T13:49:48 <gtirloni> how do you access the space tools? i can\'t see the link on the sidebar
2016-12-06T13:50:06 * yzen has quit
2016-12-06T13:53:58 * michelled has quit
2016-12-06T13:54:19 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yah, it\'s missing from the infusion 1.3 docs space
2016-12-06T13:54:51 <gtirloni> ok, i see it in other spaces. thanks
2016-12-06T13:54:53 <Justin_o> gtirloni: but you can get to it by going to the "space directory\'
2016-12-06T13:55:26 <Justin_o> gtirloni: ah for customizing the sidebar you mean
2016-12-06T13:56:17 <gtirloni> when i go to space directory, i don\'t see the space tools either.. only a list of spaces which i can access. maybe i\'m not in the right admin group
2016-12-06T13:57:13 <Justin_o> gtirloni: if you click on the "i" icon to the far right of the space name, you can get to the settings for the space
2016-12-06T13:58:05 <gtirloni> ah, it\'s named "space details"... i only hovered over it and didn\'t click. thanks!
2016-12-06T14:00:43 <Justin_o> gtirloni: that\'s a bit inconsistent because it takes you to a page called Space Tools :(
2016-12-06T14:07:14 * michelled joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:11:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:11:25 * avtar joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:14:27 * clown joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:16:47 <gtirloni> Justin_o: you have a lot of plugins enabled that are either incompatible, expired trials, very old stuff that shouldn\'t work. i\'m going to disable them all... but before that, do you remember if we ever bought any plugins for our confluence install? or all we should be using are the free ones?
2016-12-06T14:16:59 <gtirloni> *we/us
2016-12-06T14:17:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:17:54 <Justin_o> gtirloni: as far as i know they were all free, or at least free to open source users
2016-12-06T14:17:57 <Justin_o> jhung: ^ do you know
2016-12-06T14:18:07 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:18:25 <gtirloni> there are some installed that are paid.. i tried to request an update but they are only trial (they don\'t seem super critical though)
2016-12-06T14:18:32 * yzen joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:18:55 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:20:39 <jhung> Justin_o, gtirloni: I don\'t know much about the plugins. I know that many of them are old. Is there any way of detecting where there may be references to old macros / plugins in the content so we can go and fix it afterwards?
2016-12-06T14:21:15 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:21:23 <michelled> kasparnet: https://issues.gpii.net/secure/ConfigureReport.jspa?versionId=11700&displayUnknown=yes&subtaskInclusion=onlySelected&selectedProjectId=10000&reportKey=com.atlassian.jira.plugins.jira-software-plugin%3Aversion-workload-report&atl_token=B7WL-WNN9-3VXB-TKZ4%7C2dfb9ff36dbc86b9861c791e8e9ba6f32d2ca2fc%7Clin&Next=Next
2016-12-06T14:21:23 <gtirloni> very good question
2016-12-06T14:22:48 <Justin_o> gtirloni, jhung : i was able to see in confluence where macros were used. Not sure about plugins. I\'ll see if i can find that page again
2016-12-06T14:25:45 <michelled> https://issues.gpii.net/issues/?filter=13200
2016-12-06T14:28:14 <jhung> gtirloni: looks like a lot of content is using plugins / macros. I think before we delete them we should fix the content first.
2016-12-06T14:28:51 <jhung> do you have a list of the plugins we should remove gtirloni? This way we can target those content pages first.
2016-12-06T14:29:08 <gtirloni> jhung: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/plugins/servlet/upm
2016-12-06T14:29:25 * stegru joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:29:30 <jhung> thanks.
2016-12-06T14:29:41 <gtirloni> jhung: i\'m not proposing to remove all plugins, just wanted to check that the paid/trial plugins that are currently enabled (but not working), could be removed
2016-12-06T14:31:48 * Bosmon2 is now known as Bosmon
2016-12-06T14:31:54 <jhung> Ok. So those 5 on top of the list\xe2\x80\xa6 I took a look. I don\'t know what any of those are. Most seem to be back-end related gtirloni. Justin_o thoughts?
2016-12-06T14:34:15 <Justin_o> jhung, gtirloni: i\'d guess the "Copy Space Plugin" was used for creating new instances of the documentation. So copy 1.3 infusion docs to 1.4 and make changes, for example. So i don\'t think we\'ll need that anymore. Don\'t know if it was used for anything else
2016-12-06T14:34:51 <Justin_o> don\'t know about the others
2016-12-06T14:36:17 * colinclark has quit
2016-12-06T14:39:46 <gtirloni> jhung Justin_o: i have enabled \'safe mode\' so 3rd-party plugins to create conflicts while i\'m investigating the other issues, ok?
2016-12-06T14:40:43 * kasparnet has quit
2016-12-06T14:40:51 <gtirloni> s/to/dont/
2016-12-06T14:41:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:41:27 <gtirloni> Justin_o jhung: while in \'safe mode\', if you don\'t see anyting broken (besides the sidebar/header).. that\'s a good sign we don\'t depend a lot on those plugins
2016-12-06T14:41:49 <jhung> ok thanks gtirloni. Will keep an eye out.
2016-12-06T14:46:20 <gtirloni> kasparnet irc client is so fancy
2016-12-06T14:46:21 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:48:06 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:48:21 <sgithens> https://pad.gpii.net/p/201612-washingtonf2f-ih1b4nns
2016-12-06T14:48:51 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-12-06T14:49:04 * kasparnet has quit
2016-12-06T14:49:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:50:49 <gtirloni> jhung Justin_o: found the stack trace that is generated when it tries to render the infusion 1.3 page -- https://gist.githubusercontent.com/gtirloni/198f34a55f8d0138da577170be3c3d2b/raw/b8d43337172aa9532d3a637dc86982618b8f0ad9/gistfile1.txt (600+ cals)
2016-12-06T14:52:47 * jessm joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:54:04 <kasparnet> https://issues.gpii.net/issues/?filter=13200
2016-12-06T14:54:18 * stegru_ joined the channel
2016-12-06T14:56:32 * stegru_ has quit
2016-12-06T14:56:32 * stegru has quit
2016-12-06T14:56:49 * stegru joined the channel
2016-12-06T15:00:49 * danayo joined the channel
2016-12-06T15:03:20 * sirdancealot has quit
2016-12-06T15:12:48 * kavya joined the channel
2016-12-06T15:32:58 <jhernandez> cindyli: https://del.icio.us/
2016-12-06T15:34:38 <avtar> jhernandez: http://pinboard.in/ took over a lot of the del.icio.us subscriber base
2016-12-06T15:35:37 <jhernandez> avtar: oh nice!! didn\'t know it - thanks!
2016-12-06T15:35:46 <avtar> you\'re welcome :)
2016-12-06T15:37:01 <gtirloni> i use a moleskine for that
2016-12-06T15:40:02 <amatas> I just forgot the urls
2016-12-06T15:40:22 * colinclark has quit
2016-12-06T15:40:49 <gtirloni> amatas: lol
2016-12-06T15:41:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-12-06T15:46:46 * colinclark has quit
2016-12-06T15:56:27 <gtirloni> jhung Justin_o: i opened a support ticket with atlassian. they are suggesting we updated from 6.0.1 to 6.0.2 and try again first... are you guys okay with 15-30min of downtime now?
2016-12-06T15:57:18 <jhung> gtirloni: I\'m okay, but others may be working on something.
2016-12-06T15:57:37 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: is anyone working on fluid\'s wiki?
2016-12-06T15:58:05 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-12-06T16:00:22 <danayo> i\'m good gtirloni
2016-12-06T16:01:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-12-06T16:01:52 <gtirloni> thanks
2016-12-06T16:02:02 <Bosmon> Wow, Spring and Velocity
2016-12-06T16:02:10 <Bosmon> This is a real architecture for 2004 :)
2016-12-06T16:02:47 <Bosmon> And 20 levels of Servlet filters
2016-12-06T16:02:58 <Bosmon> This makes Sakai look like a lean and smart beast :)
2016-12-06T16:03:09 <simonjb> so enterprise
2016-12-06T16:04:56 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-12-06T16:04:59 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-12-06T16:05:31 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-12-06T16:05:44 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-12-06T16:06:01 * cindyli has quit
2016-12-06T16:06:27 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-12-06T16:07:14 <Justin_o> jhung: were you able to finish the diagram for this Infusion-Docs PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/103
2016-12-06T16:09:44 <jhung> Justin_o: if someone else can take what I started and finish the details that\'d be best. I find I\'m just guessing as to what it should look like based on what Bosmon has commented in the PR.
2016-12-06T16:12:37 <Justin_o> jhung: hmm
2016-12-06T16:12:42 <Justin_o> we\'ll see i guess
2016-12-06T16:14:25 <jhung> Once the details are there, I can make the svg Justin_o
'

