b'2016-03-22T19:34:24 <sepidehshahi> np gloob:)
2016-03-22T19:35:24 <jhung> gloob I did a quick check with Voice Over on Mac, and NVDA on Windows + FF and the sample survey seemed okay. The HtML structure is logical and made sense. In creating the questions and the responses, you may want to follow the same Understandability principle for WCAG compliance.
2016-03-22T19:37:30 <gloob> jhung: awesome, thank you very much!
2016-03-22T19:38:47 <jhung> anytime gloob.
2016-03-22T19:54:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please take a look at this pull request for the infusion docs https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/85
2016-03-22T19:54:47 <Justin_o> cindyli: i see you are
2016-03-22T19:54:54 <cindyli> yes :)
2016-03-22T19:56:22 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-22T19:56:58 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-22T19:57:03 * gloob_ joined the channel
2016-03-22T19:58:19 * gloob has quit
2016-03-22T20:02:03 * gloob_ has quit
2016-03-22T20:07:32 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-03-22T20:09:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-22T20:10:08 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-22T20:13:24 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-22T20:15:11 * jhung has quit
2016-03-22T20:17:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-22T20:30:32 * rajdeep has quit
2016-03-22T20:33:11 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-22T20:38:24 * nrda has quit
2016-03-22T20:52:50 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-22T20:56:01 * anvk has quit
2016-03-22T21:00:04 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-22T21:00:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-22T21:07:09 * clown has quit
2016-03-22T21:10:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-22T21:16:42 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-22T21:40:02 * akshay joined the channel
2016-03-22T21:41:11 <akshay> Phew I was unable to connect to the web chat for a long time today.
2016-03-22T21:42:39 <akshay> Justin: I have given a few more links, I would update more tomorrow, would a video of the wordZap game do?
2016-03-22T21:42:59 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-22T21:43:07 * simonjb has quit
2016-03-22T21:43:35 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-22T21:47:12 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-22T21:48:12 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-22T21:52:18 * sgithens has quit
2016-03-22T21:52:54 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-03-22T22:01:09 * sgithens has quit
2016-03-22T22:10:43 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-03-22T22:27:27 * danayo has quit
2016-03-22T22:34:23 * akshay has quit
2016-03-22T22:35:52 * michelled has quit
2016-03-22T22:37:52 * Justin_o has quit
2016-03-22T22:44:15 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-22T22:49:33 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-22T23:04:38 * amatas has quit
2016-03-22T23:31:53 * kasparnet joined the channel
'

b'2016-03-22T14:44:27 <cindyli> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/tree/master/tests/framework-tests/core/data
2016-03-22T14:45:10 <Justin_o> cindyli: ah okay, cool.. so the locale just has to match the language "extension" whatever form that actually is
2016-03-22T14:45:23 <cindyli> yes, Justin_o
2016-03-22T14:45:54 <Justin_o> cindyli: but will the "-" vs "_" affect the fallback
2016-03-22T14:45:57 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-22T14:46:04 * nrda joined the channel
2016-03-22T14:46:08 <cindyli> no, Justin_o
2016-03-22T14:46:21 <cindyli> i was wrong
2016-03-22T14:46:24 <Justin_o> that is, if you specificy "en" and there is an "en-US" but no "en"
2016-03-22T14:46:25 <cindyli> yes, Justin_o, haha
2016-03-22T14:47:00 <cindyli> the fall back looks for underscores
2016-03-22T14:47:22 <Justin_o> cindyli: because of this https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/FluidRequests.js#L28
2016-03-22T14:47:32 <cindyli> in ur case, i believe the fallback to "en" would not happen. let me double check
2016-03-22T14:47:43 <cindyli> yes, u found it, Justin_o. thanks
2016-03-22T14:48:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon, cindyli: is that a bug, or is there a specific requirement for that?
2016-03-22T14:48:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-22T14:49:27 <cindyli> Bosmon, Bosmon7, gtirloni, simonjb, i created a wiki page for GPII deployment structures - https://wiki.gpii.net/w/GPII_Deployment_Structures, can you have a look before I sent it to the architect list, feel free to change if you notice something wrong
2016-03-22T14:49:33 <cindyli> thanks
2016-03-22T14:50:11 <cindyli> Justin_o: i don\'t know if there\'s a specific requirement for that
2016-03-22T14:53:31 <Justin_o> okay, i\'ll just document it as is for now
2016-03-22T14:58:36 * katy_ has quit
2016-03-22T15:00:17 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-22T15:00:48 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-22T15:07:02 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-22T15:08:11 <clown> cindyli:  I\'m in.
2016-03-22T15:08:24 <cindyli> clown, simonjb, i\'m in too
2016-03-22T15:10:49 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-22T15:17:18 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-22T15:34:24 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-22T15:38:12 * wale has quit
2016-03-22T15:45:29 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-22T15:52:33 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-22T15:53:33 * dins has quit
2016-03-22T15:57:52 * michelled has quit
2016-03-22T15:58:44 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:03:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:04:21 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-22T16:04:46 <nrda> cindyli, jhung: can you please go through my proposal and comment on it, I have uploaded it on the GSoC website
2016-03-22T16:07:00 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:12:33 <cindyli> sure. thanks, nrda
2016-03-22T16:13:48 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-22T16:14:37 * Ng3a has quit
2016-03-22T16:15:58 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:20:14 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-22T16:20:30 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:24:03 <jhung> thanks for letting us know nrda.
2016-03-22T16:29:32 <nrda> jhung, cindyli: no problem, hope you like it
2016-03-22T16:31:00 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:33:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:33:32 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:37:11 * gtirloni has quit
2016-03-22T16:42:02 * danayo has quit
2016-03-22T16:43:16 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-22T16:47:42 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:47:49 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-22T16:50:29 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:56:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-22T16:58:12 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-22T17:01:58 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-03-22T17:09:45 * dins has quit
2016-03-22T17:09:52 <Justin_o> colinclark, michelled: are we doing a PGA check in?
2016-03-22T17:10:11 <michelled> sorry Justin_o, we are in another meeting
2016-03-22T17:10:14 <colinclark> Justin_o: We\'re in a APCP call at the moment, and Dana sent a note saying she couldn\'t make it
2016-03-22T17:10:16 <colinclark> so let\'s skip it
2016-03-22T17:10:30 <Justin_o> okay
2016-03-22T17:23:24 * anvk has quit
2016-03-22T17:24:52 * anvk joined the channel
2016-03-22T17:32:43 * nrda has quit
2016-03-22T17:32:43 * KarenH has quit
2016-03-22T17:32:43 * dsharma has quit
2016-03-22T17:37:40 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-22T17:38:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-22T17:39:58 * clown has quit
2016-03-22T17:41:25 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-03-22T17:48:11 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-03-22T17:53:17 <Justin_o> jhung: i wonder if we should look for a markdown linter and conform to a specific style guide for writing markdown across our various docs repos and READMEs.
2016-03-22T17:55:08 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-22T17:55:18 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-22T18:03:50 * rajdeep joined the channel
2016-03-22T18:04:04 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-22T18:04:13 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-22T18:04:35 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-22T18:04:36 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-03-22T18:06:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-22T18:07:39 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-22T18:08:59 <rajdeep> Hi, As a FrontEnd Developer how I can contribute in this project listed for GSoC 2016 "Implement User Interface / Learner Options Responsive Design".
2016-03-22T18:09:15 <rajdeep> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2016+with+the+Fluid+Project#GoogleSummerofCode2016withtheFluidProject-ImplementUserInterface/LearnerOptionsResponsiveDesign
2016-03-22T18:19:31 * nrda joined the channel
2016-03-22T18:20:47 * jhernandez has quit
2016-03-22T18:22:27 <Justin_o> cindyli, jhung: ^
2016-03-22T18:22:57 <cindyli> hi rajdeep, yes, i saw ur email too
2016-03-22T18:23:25 <cindyli> and in the middle of replying it
2016-03-22T18:24:13 <rajdeep> Looking forward to your reply.
2016-03-22T18:27:36 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-22T18:28:34 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-03-22T18:29:11 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o : Thanks for all the valuable comments. Please can you tell me about what you meant by contributing the project to fluid-github-repo. I thougt that is where it will be hosted once we will complete our work.
2016-03-22T18:29:31 <cindyli> rajdeep: replied
2016-03-22T18:29:52 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: thanks, wanted to clarify that, as it wasn\'t clear from your proposal that that was your intention
2016-03-22T18:37:11 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-22T18:37:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-22T18:40:42 * jhernandez has quit
2016-03-22T18:40:58 * nrda has quit
2016-03-22T18:44:33 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-22T18:45:47 <Bosmon7> cindyli - thanks so much for taking notes from our meeting!
2016-03-22T18:46:30 <cindyli> you are welcome, Bosmon7, i probably didn\'t capture every points :)
2016-03-22T18:49:20 * nrda joined the channel
2016-03-22T18:49:44 * michelled has quit
2016-03-22T18:50:09 <jhung> hi nrda. I made some comments to your proposal. Let me know if you have any questions.
2016-03-22T18:51:13 <nrda> thanks jhung, I will take a look at them
2016-03-22T18:51:39 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-22T19:00:23 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-03-22T19:01:02 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-03-22T19:03:31 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-22T19:06:47 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-22T19:07:53 <gloob> somebody have experience with survey systems?
2016-03-22T19:08:02 <gloob> we know that Google forms have some accessibility problems
2016-03-22T19:08:36 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-22T19:08:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-22T19:09:51 <gloob> SoSci
2016-03-22T19:09:51 <gloob> Surveymonkey
2016-03-22T19:10:01 <gloob> it\'s the one we are evaluating
2016-03-22T19:10:44 <jhung> ^^^ sepidehshahi. Did you look into survey platforms previously?
2016-03-22T19:11:22 <rajdeep> As the requirements of project I have strong knowledge of HTML, CSS, JS, JQuery, AngularJs, Sass, LESS, Adobe CC. I know a bit about Stylus but never used it. I am going to read it.
2016-03-22T19:11:22 <rajdeep> You can get a bit of my UI Designing & FrontEnd Development skills from my recently done project www.jecrcrenaissance.in
2016-03-22T19:11:22 <rajdeep> I want to know from where I can start working on this project. Is there any GitHub repository hosted for this project or I have to implement this first for my own designed web page.
2016-03-22T19:11:43 <rajdeep> @ cindycli
2016-03-22T19:11:57 <rajdeep> *cindyi
2016-03-22T19:12:06 <sepidehshahi> jhung: do you mean the survey platform that was used for the DSpace survey?
2016-03-22T19:12:09 <rajdeep> **cindyli
2016-03-22T19:12:20 <cindyli> rajdeep: i also received ur email with the same content. i have replied. please check. thanks
2016-03-22T19:13:19 <rajdeep> Thanks ! I got it.
2016-03-22T19:19:59 <jhung> sepidehshahi: yes. How accessible was it?
2016-03-22T19:20:58 <sepidehshahi> gloob and jhung, I have worked with Survey Monkey. It\xe2\x80\x99s fairly accessible. we had it tested by one of our our accessiblity consultants here at IDRC. You can also change the language of the survey which is a nice feature. However, it\xe2\x80\x99s not an open platform. The free version only allows you to have 10 questions and 100 responses, unless you purchase one of their professional packages.
2016-03-22T19:22:36 <gloob> sepidehshahi: oh great, thanks. Yes, they said to be accessible http://help.surveymonkey.com/articles/en_US/kb/508-Compliance but I wanted some real experience
2016-03-22T19:22:49 <sepidehshahi> gloob: and jhung, I haven\xe2\x80\x99t tested the survey platform that was used for the DSpace, so I can\xe2\x80\x99t comment whether it was accessible or not. But I think it\xe2\x80\x99s an open and free tool for academic researchers so you can have as many questions as you want and as many responses.
2016-03-22T19:23:09 <gloob> which is the one for DSpace?
2016-03-22T19:23:21 <gloob> jhung: and thank you for drive the question to sepidehshahi ;-)
2016-03-22T19:23:27 <jhung> gloob, do you have a sample survey handy from surveymonkey? I can do a very quick look.
2016-03-22T19:23:40 <jhung> gloob: no prob. :)
2016-03-22T19:23:57 <sepidehshahi> gloob we sent that survey to many users who had visual impairments. most of them were able to independently fill out the survey, although some had family, friends or care givers who filled out the survey on their behalf
2016-03-22T19:24:39 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-22T19:25:56 <gloob> sepidehshahi: which software was used?
2016-03-22T19:26:15 <sepidehshahi> gloob let me find it
2016-03-22T19:26:28 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-03-22T19:27:43 <gloob> jhung: an example from surveymonkey https://www.surveymonkey.com/mp/hospital-patient-safety-culture-survey-template-ahrq/
2016-03-22T19:28:58 <sepidehshahi> the one I used with users with visual impairement was survey monkey. The other one I mentioned that was used for DSpace and I\xe2\x80\x99m not sure about its accessiblity is built by the Socisurvey tool: https://www.soscisurvey.de/index.php?page=home&l=eng
2016-03-22T19:29:07 <sepidehshahi> gloob: ^
2016-03-22T19:29:44 <gloob> ok, SoSci was the other we were evaluating sepidehshahi
2016-03-22T19:31:00 <sepidehshahi> great! check with the DSpace team in the Prosperity4All project to find out whether they have done any accessibility testing on this tool or not
2016-03-22T19:32:33 <gloob> sepidehshahi: good, thank you very much!
'

b'2016-03-22T00:00:27 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-22T00:04:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-22T00:08:51 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-22T00:37:22 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-22T00:37:59 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-22T00:42:30 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-22T00:50:06 * amatas has quit
2016-03-22T00:57:01 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-22T01:05:14 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-22T01:56:44 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-22T02:03:48 <dins> Justin_o , I also sumbited the final proposal
2016-03-22T02:04:03 <dins> but, you can see my draft proposal also right
2016-03-22T02:04:10 <dins> which is a google doc
2016-03-22T02:04:32 <dins> or is it not?
2016-03-22T02:05:03 <dins> are you not seeing a draft since I have submitted the final proposal
2016-03-22T02:06:43 <dins> still I can edit even the final proposal until 26th
2016-03-22T02:11:46 <dins> Hi Justin_o , michelled , simon............ I again submitted only a draft proposal without the final proposal
2016-03-22T02:11:48 <dins> :)
2016-03-22T02:12:08 <dins> let me know your comments
2016-03-22T02:12:21 <dins> they will be really helpful to improve my proposal
2016-03-22T02:22:07 * dins has quit
2016-03-22T03:23:31 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-22T03:25:14 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-22T03:25:48 * dins has quit
2016-03-22T07:02:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-22T07:43:13 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-22T07:56:37 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-22T08:14:33 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-22T08:19:19 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-22T08:25:57 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-22T08:40:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-22T08:50:10 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-22T08:57:05 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-22T09:01:48 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-22T09:17:19 * gloob has quit
2016-03-22T09:30:01 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-22T09:47:37 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-22T09:53:07 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-03-22T10:13:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-22T10:14:44 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-22T10:15:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-22T10:26:16 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-22T11:02:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-22T11:07:07 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-22T11:09:12 * Ng3a joined the channel
2016-03-22T11:28:23 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-03-22T11:30:44 * jhung joined the channel
2016-03-22T11:38:36 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-22T11:46:16 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-22T11:57:07 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-22T12:02:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-22T12:15:29 * nrda joined the channel
2016-03-22T12:18:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-22T12:25:04 * Ng3a has quit
2016-03-22T12:25:23 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-22T12:28:43 <Justin_o> gtirloni: saw your message from yesterday
2016-03-22T12:28:55 <Justin_o> gtirloni: the fd server supports reading config from env vars
2016-03-22T12:29:32 <Justin_o> gtirloni: http://gpii.github.io/docs-first-discovery/firstDiscoveryServer.html
2016-03-22T12:29:39 <Justin_o> but i don\'t know about the rest of GPII
2016-03-22T12:30:55 <gtirloni> Justin_o: but that\'s through the Ansible automation, right? it\'s not a built-in mechanism?
2016-03-22T12:30:55 * Ng3a joined the channel
2016-03-22T12:31:56 <Justin_o> gtirloni: setting the actual environment variables may be handled by Ansible, but the FD Server itself through the kettle configs can look for environment variables
2016-03-22T12:33:03 <Justin_o> gtirloni: here\'s the kettle config related to that https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery-server/blob/master/src/config/environment.json
2016-03-22T12:33:25 <gtirloni> ok, i think that will help gabrielmancini ^^
2016-03-22T12:33:30 <gtirloni> Justin_o: thanks :)
2016-03-22T12:33:36 <Justin_o> gtirloni: np
2016-03-22T12:34:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-22T12:34:24 <gtirloni> anyone heard from javi today?
2016-03-22T12:36:07 <amatas> gtirloni, he\'s on vacation
2016-03-22T12:37:02 <gtirloni> hope everything is alright, just saw the news
2016-03-22T12:37:08 <gtirloni> amatas: thx
2016-03-22T12:37:16 <amatas> He\'s fine
2016-03-22T12:37:35 <amatas> all the flights to brussels have been cancelled
2016-03-22T12:37:36 <simonjb> amatas: that\'s very good to hear
2016-03-22T12:37:46 <simonjb> that javi is fine
2016-03-22T12:37:51 <amatas> he\'s still in seville
2016-03-22T12:37:52 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-22T12:37:57 <simonjb> ah, ok
2016-03-22T12:40:25 <gabrielmancini> thanks i will learn about this
2016-03-22T12:43:32 * anvk joined the channel
2016-03-22T12:46:44 * wale joined the channel
2016-03-22T12:46:50 * katy_ joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:08:33 <gabrielmancini> how i start the first-discovery-server on my machine?
2016-03-22T13:10:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:11:32 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-22T13:13:10 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:18:32 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-22T13:25:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:26:43 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:32:08 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:34:38 * nrda has quit
2016-03-22T13:34:46 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:37:30 <cindyli> Bosmon, Bosmon7, kasparnet, could "user listeners" or "environment reporter" run as node instances or they are certainly non-node instances such as apps in C or python or other languages?
2016-03-22T13:38:31 <Bosmon7> cindyli - they could be anything
2016-03-22T13:38:50 <Bosmon7> Eventually they will probably be written in electron and communicate via electron-IPC
2016-03-22T13:39:05 <Bosmon7> But right now we have an "arm\'s length" integration model
2016-03-22T13:39:15 <Justin_o> cindyli and Bosmon7: do we have any docs for the prefs editor message bundle changes we did for the FD Tool
2016-03-22T13:39:18 <Bosmon7> They communicate over HTTP to localhost and are written in some arbitrary technology
2016-03-22T13:41:10 <cindyli> Bosmon7: with our current implementation, is it valid to say "they may or may not be node instances"?
2016-03-22T13:41:23 * jhernandez has quit
2016-03-22T13:41:26 <cindyli> electron is a node module too?!
2016-03-22T13:41:26 <cindyli> https://github.com/atom/electron
2016-03-22T13:41:47 * dsharma joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:42:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:43:16 <Bosmon7> cindyli - sure
2016-03-22T13:43:25 <cindyli> thanks, Bosmon7
2016-03-22T13:43:42 <cindyli> Justin_o: i\'m looking up on the message bundle stuff\xe2\x80\xa6
2016-03-22T13:44:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: this is all i have seen so far https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Localization+in+the+Preferences+Framework
2016-03-22T13:44:06 <Justin_o> which is out of date
2016-03-22T13:44:18 <cindyli> ya, that one is toooo outdated
2016-03-22T13:45:05 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:50:27 <cindyli> unfortunately, Justin_o, don\'t find more recent docs for new message bundle work
2016-03-22T13:50:52 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, thanks for checking
2016-03-22T13:55:06 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-22T13:55:10 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-22T13:57:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-22T14:00:15 * KarenH joined the channel
2016-03-22T14:01:36 <simonjb> sepidehshahi, michelled: I\'m trying to join to webinar but getting an internal server error from gotomeeting
2016-03-22T14:01:46 <simonjb> (using the browser client)
2016-03-22T14:03:12 <michelled> simonjb: it worked for me
2016-03-22T14:03:27 <gtirloni> simonjb: same here
2016-03-22T14:03:34 <gtirloni> "Unable to Process Your Request"
2016-03-22T14:03:50 <simonjb> gtirloni: yeah, that\'s what I\'m seeing
2016-03-22T14:05:03 <gtirloni> simonjb: seems back now
2016-03-22T14:05:27 <alanharnum> gotomeeting.com is just hanging for me
2016-03-22T14:05:47 <simonjb> still error for me
2016-03-22T14:05:54 <cindyli> simonjb, alanharnum, i\'m getting a internal server error too
2016-03-22T14:06:19 <gtirloni> i had to retry 5x then it worked
2016-03-22T14:06:38 <simonjb> ok, working for me now
2016-03-22T14:07:10 <avtar> alanharnum, cindyli: it took longer for me to connect but it\'s fine now
2016-03-22T14:07:17 <alanharnum> working for me now too
2016-03-22T14:07:55 <Justin_o> alanharnum, avtar: what\'s the link to the webinar
2016-03-22T14:08:00 * alanharnum is reading Bosmon7\'s architecture list emails and imagining the alternate universe where GPII is built on server-side Python :)
2016-03-22T14:08:11 <alanharnum> Justin_o: https://www3.gotomeeting.com/join/619028605
2016-03-22T14:08:31 <cindyli> avtar: works. thanks
2016-03-22T14:08:31 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2016-03-22T14:08:33 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2016-03-22T14:19:13 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-22T14:22:18 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-22T14:29:51 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-22T14:39:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i might be updating our docs for Localization in the Preferences Framework ( http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/LocalizationInThePreferencesFramework.html )
2016-03-22T14:39:22 <Justin_o> it seems to be out of date
2016-03-22T14:40:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: in regards to the locale selection, the message bundles might be named message_fr-FR.json but the locale would be specified as fr_FR? Is that correct? and what was the reason for that difference?
2016-03-22T14:40:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon, cindyli ^
2016-03-22T14:42:18 * danayo has quit
2016-03-22T14:42:21 <cindyli> Justin_o: is it true that we have that difference? i think the specified locale needs to match what\'s in the bundle file name
2016-03-22T14:42:37 <cindyli> the locale for "message_fr-FR.json" should be "fr-FR"
2016-03-22T14:43:20 <Justin_o> cindyli: the tests look like this though https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/framework-tests/core/js/FluidRequestsTests.js#L141
2016-03-22T14:43:57 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-22T14:44:27 <cindyli> Justin_o: if you look into the "data" directory, the bundle names have "_" for the locale part
'

