b'2016-02-05T00:26:00 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-05T00:26:15 * jhung has left the channel
2016-02-05T01:22:51 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-05T01:27:41 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-05T01:56:12 * danayo joined the channel
2016-02-05T01:56:25 * danayo has quit
2016-02-05T03:41:34 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-05T05:20:31 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-05T05:24:31 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-05T05:48:29 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-05T06:28:35 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-05T09:54:47 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-02-05T09:55:27 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-02-05T10:21:33 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-02-05T11:12:12 * Bosmon has quit
2016-02-05T11:16:09 * Bosmon joined the channel
2016-02-05T12:43:32 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T12:43:40 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T12:45:03 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T12:48:54 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T12:55:35 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-05T12:56:02 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-05T12:59:06 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-02-05T13:02:45 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T13:07:50 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-05T13:17:12 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-05T13:24:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-05T13:30:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T13:37:33 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-05T13:41:40 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T14:01:08 * gtirloni has quit
2016-02-05T14:04:22 * jessm joined the channel
2016-02-05T14:05:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-05T14:13:00 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T14:28:42 * anvk joined the channel
2016-02-05T14:46:11 <Justin_o> cindyli: i was talking to dana yesterday about the gpii prefs panel. The designs for the disabled buttons changed. So i\'m going to make that change in my FLUID-5837 branch before moving on to the export button the tab
2016-02-05T14:46:32 <cindyli> sure. thanks, Justin_o
2016-02-05T14:47:08 <cindyli> i\'ve refactored FLUID-5837 yesterday to make fluid.prefs.create a component. you probably wanna merge in those changes
2016-02-05T14:47:42 <cindyli> continuing with other refactoring. will let u know, Justin_o
2016-02-05T14:47:47 <Justin_o> ah thanks for letting me know
2016-02-05T14:47:50 <Justin_o> i\'ll pull those down
2016-02-05T14:55:50 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-05T15:04:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: i pushed up my changes to the disabled styling
2016-02-05T15:04:43 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o, merging into my branch
2016-02-05T15:15:45 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-02-05T15:44:27 <cindyli> alanharnum, avtar, Bosmon, gtirloni, Justin_o, simonjb, i wonder when you guys would have time for the next meeting about the UIO + GPII integration, server side? would next Monday 9:30AM EST work for you?
2016-02-05T15:44:29 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-05T15:44:39 <alanharnum> cindyli: that should work for me
2016-02-05T15:44:50 <avtar> cindyli: sounds good
2016-02-05T15:45:13 <Justin_o> cindyli: that should work for me as well
2016-02-05T15:46:08 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-02-05T15:46:38 <simonjb> yes, cindyli that would work for me also
2016-02-05T15:47:40 <cindyli> thanks, guys, let\'s see how it works for Bosmon and gtirloni. hope they are online :)
2016-02-05T15:48:04 <gtirloni> cindyli: monday 9:30am works for me!
2016-02-05T15:48:12 <cindyli> thanks
2016-02-05T15:56:42 <cindyli> Bosmon seems not online, i\'ve sent him an email and cc\'ed to all of us
2016-02-05T15:57:57 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-02-05T15:57:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-02-05T16:03:57 * clown joined the channel
2016-02-05T16:24:46 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-05T16:55:50 <jhung> alanharnum: I\'ve updated the pull request to the ILDH. Take a look when you have a free moment.
2016-02-05T16:55:59 <alanharnum> jhung: will do
2016-02-05T16:56:03 <jhung> thanks!
2016-02-05T16:58:48 <alanharnum> jhung: looks good to me
2016-02-05T16:59:52 <jhung> alanharnum: cool. I\'ll merge and deploy it.
2016-02-05T17:08:46 <Justin_o> cindyli: do you know if we have a strategy for handling localization of text at the prefsEditorLoader level, or is it always assumed that a child component will handle this?
2016-02-05T17:08:57 <Justin_o> i feel it\'s the latter, but wanted to double check
2016-02-05T17:10:07 <cindyli> how do you wanna handle localization of text at the prefsEditorLoader level? do you have an example
2016-02-05T17:10:31 <Justin_o> cindyli: for the reset button for example
2016-02-05T17:10:46 <Justin_o> I\'m thinking now i might just have to make a component like https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery/blob/master/src/js/helpButton.js
2016-02-05T17:12:27 <cindyli> all messages are fetched at the loader level where the message loader is a sub-component. the fetched texts are sent down to panel components. the text for the reset button should be able to refer to fetched text too
2016-02-05T17:12:33 <cindyli> Justin_o: ^
2016-02-05T17:15:37 <Justin_o> cindyli: currently the reset button is not a component, it\'s just part of the markup that is in the loaders container
2016-02-05T17:16:00 <Justin_o> and then binding to it seems to happen across other components
2016-02-05T17:17:47 <cindyli> i see. do you mean there isn\'t a way to look up fetched text at the loader level? such as we cannot bind a messageLookup at the loader level?
2016-02-05T17:18:36 <cindyli> Justin_o: if the text can be looked up at the loader level, the reset text can be set after texts are fetched
2016-02-05T17:18:52 <Justin_o> cindyli: i wonder if their is an issue with timing, that is you\'d have to get your message bundle from a subcomponent that fetches it asynchonously
2016-02-05T17:21:24 <cindyli> Justin_o: that\'s possible. i think we probably should at the loader level first so the text are more open to be accessed. if that doesn\'t work, making reset a subcomponent is the next option
2016-02-05T17:22:57 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, i\'ll explore that a bit more
2016-02-05T17:23:24 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o, let me know if there are things i can help
2016-02-05T17:24:12 <Justin_o> thanks, i\'m going to be heading offline soon, so i\'ll probably be picking it up on monday
2016-02-05T17:33:27 <simonjb> cindyli: this afternoon, I will have a go at a system diagram for the UIO GPII integration -- so we can discuss on Monday
2016-02-05T17:33:58 <cindyli> that\'s great. thanks, simonjb!
2016-02-05T17:42:13 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T17:59:28 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-02-05T18:07:08 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-05T18:08:58 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-02-05T18:11:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-05T18:38:45 * michelled has quit
2016-02-05T18:53:10 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-05T18:56:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-05T18:59:26 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-05T19:02:39 <simonjb> colinclark: demo is up, if you want to check it out
2016-02-05T19:05:16 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-05T19:14:48 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-05T19:48:56 <alanharnum> from the "programming jokes I\'ve mistaken for real frameworks" category: http://vanilla-js.com/
2016-02-05T20:30:55 * yzen_ joined the channel
2016-02-05T20:33:21 * yzen has quit
2016-02-05T20:56:31 * alanharnum has quit
2016-02-05T21:14:19 * anvk has quit
2016-02-05T21:17:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-05T21:18:47 * cindyli has quit
2016-02-05T21:43:54 * simonjb has quit
2016-02-05T21:47:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-05T21:55:13 * jessm has quit
2016-02-05T22:14:05 * clown joined the channel
2016-02-05T22:14:05 * clown has quit
2016-02-05T22:35:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-05T22:39:26 * yzen_ has quit
'

