b'2016-11-25T16:25:48 <colinclark> hahaha
2016-11-25T16:27:28 * jhung has quit
2016-11-25T16:28:25 <Bosmon> Well, it\'s *conceivably* fixed : P
2016-11-25T16:28:47 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-25T16:28:56 <Bosmon> It really is like the "temple of doom" since the clear path through the code is surrounded by rolling boulders and spike traps
2016-11-25T16:29:21 <Bosmon> But in the end the expected fix of removing the spurious "newValue === undefined" check seems to have been good enough
2016-11-25T16:29:27 <Bosmon> This whole infrastructure is hanging by a thread
2016-11-25T16:30:22 * clown joined the channel
2016-11-25T16:41:26 * michelled has quit
2016-11-25T16:46:10 <Bosmon> cindyli - good news - I rebuilt my vagrant box up here and windows builds against the now current universal
2016-11-25T16:47:20 <cindyli> it was a success? yay!
2016-11-25T16:47:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T16:47:51 <cindyli> i need to spend some time to look into my windows vagrant build on my home machine too
2016-11-25T16:51:07 <simonjb> cindyli: I just saw that https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/464 got merged -- that\'s awesome!
2016-11-25T16:51:22 <cindyli> yes, very exciting\xe2\x80\xa6
2016-11-25T16:51:23 <simonjb> and an emoticon from Bosmon !!!
2016-11-25T16:52:01 <Bosmon> hahaha
2016-11-25T16:52:03 <cindyli> many thanks to Bosmon for his patient code reviews and testing
2016-11-25T16:52:13 <simonjb> really good work cindyli
2016-11-25T16:52:23 <cindyli> CHEERS!
2016-11-25T16:52:32 <cindyli> your work as well simonjb
2016-11-25T17:22:13 <cindyli> Bosmon, Bosmon5, colinclark, simonjb, the-t-in-rtf1: an early heads up before our monday meeting: GPII authorization workflow diagrams - https://wiki.gpii.net/w/GPII_Authorization_Workflows let me know if anything seems unclear or incorrect. thanks.
2016-11-25T17:22:48 <colinclark> cindyli: these diagrams are awesome
2016-11-25T17:23:19 <cindyli> thanks, colinclark. hope they are not too complex to understand
2016-11-25T17:23:32 <colinclark> no, they\'re wicked
2016-11-25T17:23:46 <colinclark> in the good sense
2016-11-25T17:24:03 <cindyli> lol
2016-11-25T17:25:56 <colinclark> I\'m seriously so happy to see these
2016-11-25T17:26:16 <colinclark> if I knew how to make one of Bosmon\'s fancy emoticons right now, I would!
2016-11-25T17:27:04 <simonjb> great diagrams cindyli !
2016-11-25T17:27:28 <cindyli> thanks guys
2016-11-25T17:29:39 <Bosmon> wow - amazing diagrams, cindyli!
2016-11-25T17:29:46 <Bosmon> colinclark - hahaha
2016-11-25T17:31:48 <colinclark> Bosmon: Does this look like a correct deletion? https://github.com/colinbdclark/flocking-midi/blob/gh-1/packages/node_modules/flocking-midi-web/src/web-midi-system.js#L110
2016-11-25T17:33:54 * Bosmon has quit
2016-11-25T17:36:23 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-25T17:51:37 * David123_ joined the channel
2016-11-25T17:52:14 * Kobi joined the channel
2016-11-25T18:06:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-25T18:09:40 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-25T18:30:18 <colinclark> Bosmon5: Your fix seems to work beautifully
2016-11-25T18:33:15 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T18:35:41 * stegru has quit
2016-11-25T18:39:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T18:39:50 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-25T18:40:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-25T18:43:50 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-25T18:49:43 * simonjb has quit
2016-11-25T18:50:28 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T18:56:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-25T18:56:43 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-25T18:56:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-25T18:58:04 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-25T19:01:09 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-11-25T19:03:53 * gtirloni has quit
2016-11-25T19:04:07 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-25T19:04:38 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-25T19:06:49 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-25T19:29:08 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-25T19:30:02 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-25T19:33:13 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-25T19:40:11 * Justin_o has quit
2016-11-25T19:58:46 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-11-25T20:03:04 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-25T20:17:03 * jessm has quit
2016-11-25T20:17:27 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-11-25T20:18:58 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-11-25T20:19:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-25T20:34:21 * gtirloni has quit
2016-11-25T20:36:27 <simonjb> alanharnum: https://github.com/asterics/WebACS
2016-11-25T21:16:07 * michelled has quit
2016-11-25T21:17:32 * Bosmon5 has quit
2016-11-25T21:18:45 * Bosmon5 joined the channel
2016-11-25T21:21:54 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-11-25T21:22:35 <colinclark> I\'m already wondering about the wisdom of yarn.lock files in our repos :(
2016-11-25T21:22:42 <colinclark> They seem somewhat noisy
2016-11-25T21:23:36 <colinclark> I guess the issue is that a lot of people use semver ranges, so yarn is going to be constantly updating its lock file over time?
2016-11-25T21:31:33 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-25T21:34:02 <Bosmon5> ?
2016-11-25T21:34:11 <Bosmon5> I assume they only update when there is a change to package.json?
2016-11-25T21:41:23 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-25T21:55:37 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T21:58:52 * clown has quit
2016-11-25T22:00:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T22:03:21 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-25T22:07:47 * yzen_ has quit
2016-11-25T22:13:10 * jhung has quit
2016-11-25T22:13:24 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-25T22:13:46 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T22:13:53 * jhung has quit
2016-11-25T22:14:13 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-25T22:14:13 * jhung has quit
2016-11-25T22:31:01 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-25T22:41:10 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-25T22:52:13 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-11-25T23:03:46 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-11-25T23:06:04 * David123_ has quit
2016-11-25T23:10:28 * Kobi has quit
2016-11-25T23:14:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T23:21:25 * alanharnum has quit
'

b'2016-11-25T00:04:24 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T00:47:01 * stegru has quit
2016-11-25T01:01:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T01:07:13 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T03:04:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T03:09:00 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T03:55:08 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-25T04:06:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T04:10:45 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T04:22:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-25T04:22:13 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-25T04:44:41 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-25T05:08:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T05:14:39 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T06:12:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T06:31:09 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-25T06:31:10 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-25T06:31:55 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-25T06:31:57 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-25T06:32:43 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-25T06:32:47 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-25T06:33:31 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-25T06:33:34 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-25T06:34:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-25T06:34:19 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-25T06:34:21 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-25T06:35:07 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-25T06:39:28 * yzen_ has quit
2016-11-25T06:57:18 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-11-25T06:57:20 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-25T08:14:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T08:19:08 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T08:53:05 * amatas joined the channel
2016-11-25T08:55:26 * stegru joined the channel
2016-11-25T09:16:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-25T09:16:05 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-25T09:16:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-25T10:05:19 * stegru has quit
2016-11-25T10:13:36 * amatas has quit
2016-11-25T10:16:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T10:21:25 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T10:25:08 * stegru joined the channel
2016-11-25T11:18:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T11:22:56 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T12:04:34 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-11-25T12:15:27 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-25T12:16:59 * Bosmon has quit
2016-11-25T12:20:45 * Bosmon joined the channel
2016-11-25T12:37:28 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-25T12:41:41 * yzen has quit
2016-11-25T12:55:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello, i\'m going to be reviewing the copyright statements in infusion. Could you let me know what copyright should be used for your contributions.
2016-11-25T13:10:06 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o
2016-11-25T13:10:14 <Bosmon> It\'s Raising the Floor - International
2016-11-25T13:15:45 * jessm joined the channel
2016-11-25T13:17:58 * jessm has quit
2016-11-25T13:20:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T13:21:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2016-11-25T13:21:30 <Justin_o> if i find anything from 2015 is it the same copyright?
2016-11-25T13:21:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2016-11-25T13:21:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: great thanks
2016-11-25T13:22:11 <Justin_o> also, if you have any input on the this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/791
2016-11-25T13:22:50 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-25T13:24:32 * jessm joined the channel
2016-11-25T13:25:04 <Bosmon> Justin_o - looks good, I made a few minor comments
2016-11-25T13:25:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: great thanks, i\'ll take a look at those
2016-11-25T13:25:53 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T13:29:28 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-25T13:35:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-25T13:35:35 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-25T13:50:01 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-25T13:54:25 <michelled> Justin_o: so in terms of 1.9 - how do we plan to treat it going forward?
2016-11-25T13:54:39 <michelled> if someone is using it and they find a bug - will we patch 1.9?
2016-11-25T13:54:48 <michelled> or ask them to upgrade to a released version?
2016-11-25T13:55:57 <Justin_o> michelled: it depends i guess.
2016-11-25T13:56:25 <Justin_o> we have left the branch of 1.9.x available for such a thing. It\'s really more for the case where someone wanted to freeze on the 1.x line
2016-11-25T13:56:39 <Justin_o> i think we\'d recommend upgrading, but if they couldn\'t we might accept the patch
2016-11-25T13:56:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T13:58:57 <michelled> I don\'t feel strongly, Justin_o, about how we deal with the release notes in terms of 1.9 and 2.0. Do you have a preference?
2016-11-25T13:59:41 <Justin_o> michelled: i\'m sort of the same, i don\'t mind moving everything up and putting in the note about 1.9 not having been released in the 2.0 section
2016-11-25T13:59:49 <Justin_o> i could go either way
2016-11-25T14:00:07 <Justin_o> although i can see how it might look strange as is, on the github release page
2016-11-25T14:13:25 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-25T14:21:30 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-25T14:26:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-25T14:28:50 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-25T14:36:22 <Justin_o> michelled: i removed the what\'s new in 1.9 section and put the note up in the what\'s new in 2.0 section https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/791
2016-11-25T14:48:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-25T14:54:28 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T14:54:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T14:54:39 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T15:15:06 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-11-25T15:18:43 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: I\'ve been thinking about CLAs again. GitHub has a nice concise one, https://cla.github.com and they also talk about the need for it.
2016-11-25T15:20:03 <Justin_o> and i found this other service that was mad by the GitHub team at SAP https://cla-assistant.io which seems to automate the process of having contributors digitally sign a projects CLA
2016-11-25T15:20:07 <Justin_o> colinclark: ^
2016-11-25T15:20:14 <Justin_o> any thoughts?
2016-11-25T15:20:27 <colinclark> Yes, I remember we talked about it a while ago
2016-11-25T15:20:44 <colinclark> I\'m tempted to lean towards removing the requirement for CLAs altogether
2016-11-25T15:21:05 <colinclark> As quite a number of large open source projects have done in the past few years
2016-11-25T15:21:08 <colinclark> such as Node.js
2016-11-25T15:22:20 <simonjb> Justin_o, colinclark: this piece by Brad Kuhn is an interesting take on CLAs: https://sfconservancy.org/blog/2014/jun/09/do-not-need-cla/
2016-11-25T15:22:27 <colinclark> yes
2016-11-25T15:22:30 <colinclark> I was just going to paste that
2016-11-25T15:23:55 <colinclark> I\'m not entirely sure where I stand
2016-11-25T15:23:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T15:24:00 <colinclark> but quotes like this are always very interesting
2016-11-25T15:24:02 <colinclark> "CLAs twist the empowering, community-oriented, enjoyable experience of FLOSS contribution into an annoying exercise in pointless bureaucracy, which (if handled properly) requires a business-like, grating haggle between necessarily adverse parties"
2016-11-25T15:25:21 <colinclark> I cringe every time we have to ask someone to sign a CLA for a three-line pull request
2016-11-25T15:25:40 <colinclark> but I think we should consistently gather them until we decide to not do so :)
2016-11-25T15:27:05 <Justin_o> colinclark: agree with the cringe experience, i have had a bunch of those this year, and two in the last few weeks alone.
2016-11-25T15:27:16 <Justin_o> however, i like this comment "I agree that such an assurance is nice to have, and I might consider supporting CLAs if there was no other cost associated with using them."
2016-11-25T15:27:17 <colinclark> yes, I know
2016-11-25T15:27:45 <Justin_o> i feel like, from a quick glance at least, this might be that minimized cost https://cla-assistant.io
2016-11-25T15:27:56 <Justin_o> or minimized enough cost
2016-11-25T15:29:03 <colinclark> I\'ll look into it, Justin_o
2016-11-25T15:29:16 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-25T15:29:31 <colinclark> I think it\'s worth noting that Kuhn\'s comment there, that you quoted, is specific to for-profit companies who tend to hold patents
2016-11-25T15:29:54 <colinclark> So he\'s talking about the CCLA part of the our licensing system here
2016-11-25T15:29:58 <colinclark> rather than the individual one
2016-11-25T15:30:27 <Justin_o> colinclark: also if this is sufficient, maybe we just update/review our documentation "Simply, they publish clearly in their developer documentation and/or other key places (such as mailing list subscription notices) that submissions using the normal means to contribute to the project \xe2\x80\x94 such as patches to the mailing list or pull and merge requests \xe2\x80\x94
2016-11-25T15:30:27 <Justin_o> indicate the contributors\' assent for inclusion of that software in the canonical version under the project\'s license."
2016-11-25T15:31:01 <colinclark> yes
2016-11-25T15:31:13 <Justin_o> and i really think we should do this after the release as well https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5959
2016-11-25T15:31:13 <colinclark> that\'s a possibility
2016-11-25T15:31:23 <Justin_o> and those kinds of things would be included in there
2016-11-25T15:33:15 <Justin_o> as a side note, and looking a the way our comments wove together there, it\'s unfortunate that the conversation threading isn\'t better in IRC and chat programs in general. I think looking back on conversations you may get an inaccurate view of them just because the messages appear out of the intended order :(
2016-11-25T15:33:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-25T15:48:57 <colinclark> What was the inaccurate view you\'re worried about, Justin_o? I\'m not sure I understand
2016-11-25T15:50:34 <Justin_o> not really an issue here actually, just that your comment from 10:31 was probably in response to my comment from 10:30 and not 10:31 but it\'s not clearly threaded like that.. in this case it doesn\'t really matter either way, but there are probably times when it could actually have an effect, seeing as these conversations are used as historical record. just
2016-11-25T15:50:34 <Justin_o> lamenting the potential ambiguity is all.
2016-11-25T16:02:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-25T16:08:48 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-25T16:14:39 <Bosmon> Justin_o - just a tiny point - do you think we should add "dist" to our .gitignore file?
2016-11-25T16:14:59 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the messages in the log, I think, appear in exactly the order they are sent : P
2016-11-25T16:15:11 <Bosmon> If we can understand who is speaking to who in realtime, I\'m sure that we can also, from the historical record :)
2016-11-25T16:20:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  for the latter point when they come in quickly and you are watching it they may be distinguishable in terms of intention, but the 1 minute time stamp while small can encompass a lot, especially for the fast typers :)
2016-11-25T16:21:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: regarding dist, hmm.. yah that would make sense for the gitignore
2016-11-25T16:21:25 <Justin_o> we don\'t want to accidentally commit that
2016-11-25T16:21:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think it\'s there already
2016-11-25T16:21:56 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/.gitignore#L2
2016-11-25T16:22:03 <Bosmon> Ok cool, that\'s fine
2016-11-25T16:22:05 <Justin_o> or were you suggesting it be removed?
2016-11-25T16:22:21 <Bosmon> No, I just got confused by the fact I was working on an old branch from before it was there
2016-11-25T16:22:29 <Justin_o> ah :) okay
2016-11-25T16:22:50 <Justin_o> yah, i hate it when that happens, and files start showing up in my git status
2016-11-25T16:24:58 <colinclark> the-t-in-rtf1, the-t-in-rtf1!
2016-11-25T16:25:03 <colinclark> OUR BUG IS FIXED
2016-11-25T16:25:16 <the-t-in-rtf1> which one?
2016-11-25T16:25:20 <the-t-in-rtf1> There are so many.
2016-11-25T16:25:34 <the-t-in-rtf1> It\'s like that scene from "temple of doom"
2016-11-25T16:25:47 <colinclark> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/577#issuecomment-262991033
'

