b"2016-01-18T03:39:19 * bens_ has quit
2016-01-18T06:02:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-18T06:06:46 * kasparnet has quit
2016-01-18T07:25:36 * amatas joined the channel
2016-01-18T07:35:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-18T07:35:41 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-18T08:37:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-18T10:03:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-18T10:23:54 * Bosmon8 has quit
2016-01-18T10:36:13 * kasparnet has quit
2016-01-18T11:23:53 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-01-18T11:42:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-18T13:05:55 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-18T13:19:39 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-01-18T13:24:01 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-01-18T13:24:01 * jhung has quit
2016-01-18T13:54:49 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-18T13:55:36 * jessm joined the channel
2016-01-18T14:15:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-18T14:18:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-18T14:29:53 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-01-18T14:56:16 * bens_ joined the channel
2016-01-18T14:59:42 <bens_> Justin_o, good morning! I'm looking at use of kettle vs. gpii-express in first-discovery-server. It seems the app itself uses gpii-express but kettle is used to launch the gpii-express app. i'm wondering how gpii-express and kettle are related, and if we kettle is really needed. I'd like to upgrade kettle in first discovery server to a newer version that supports basic auth and https in the kettle.datasource.URL grade
2016-01-18T15:06:49 * clown joined the channel
2016-01-18T15:13:26 <Justin_o> bens_: there is a task to port the first discovery server from gpii-express to kettle https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1538
2016-01-18T15:13:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-18T15:14:17 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-18T15:14:39 <Justin_o> bens_: we started with gpii-express as kettle was undergoing some changes at the time but became more stable towards the end.
2016-01-18T15:18:05 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-01-18T15:18:20 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-18T15:21:27 <bens_> Justin_o, thanks, will take a look at kettle-32 and the jira
2016-01-18T15:27:40 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-01-18T15:49:12 <Justin_o> danayo: i'm looking at the styling for the UIO/GPII panel. Do you have high contrast styles for the export button when it is disabled?
2016-01-18T15:49:26 * kasparnet has quit
2016-01-18T15:50:09 <danayo> not yet Justin_o :) I'll add those
2016-01-18T15:50:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-18T15:50:40 <Justin_o> danayo: thanks
2016-01-18T15:50:57 <alanharnum> now that Review 4 is squared away, could I ask for eyes from a GPII commit bitter to review https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery-server/pull/5 at some point (Bosmon7?) - this adds the official Dockerfile to the First Discovery Server
2016-01-18T15:55:22 * kasparnet has quit
2016-01-18T16:01:28 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-18T16:02:19 <michelled> avtar, cindyli, danayo, jhung1, Justin_o, sepidehshahi, simonjb: planning meeting?
2016-01-18T16:02:30 <jhung1> sure michelled
2016-01-18T16:02:37 <cindyli> sure
2016-01-18T16:02:42 <Justin_o> michelled: we're just getting setup in the back of the office
2016-01-18T16:02:45 <Justin_o> be there shortly
2016-01-18T16:15:02 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-18T16:28:35 * cindyli has quit
2016-01-18T16:31:31 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-18T16:45:33 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-18T16:46:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-18T16:49:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-18T17:01:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon7, simonjb, cindyli, alanharnum, michelled, gtirloni, avtar, danayo: should we meet in the fluid-standup vidyo room?
2016-01-18T17:01:35 <simonjb> Justin_o: sounds good
2016-01-18T17:01:57 <kasparnet> Bosmon7, jhernandez: APCP meeting now
2016-01-18T17:02:21 <Bosmon7> kasparnet - sorry, I have to go to the other one!
2016-01-18T17:12:22 * clown joined the channel
2016-01-18T18:11:19 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: design crit
2016-01-18T18:49:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-18T19:00:49 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-18T19:01:17 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-18T19:01:51 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-18T19:04:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-18T19:07:02 * clown joined the channel
2016-01-18T19:09:05 <jessm> Justin_o: simonjb: gtirloni: anyone who was here: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/GPII+Preferences+Edge+Proxy+Refinement+I is the list of \xe2\x80\x9cactors\xe2\x80\x9d from SP1 work in P4A useful/helpful/relevant here?
2016-01-18T19:09:26 <jessm> cindyli: alanharnum: ^
2016-01-18T19:32:13 * cindyli has quit
2016-01-18T19:40:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-18T19:43:27 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-18T19:51:59 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-01-18T19:58:29 * alanharnum has quit
2016-01-18T20:01:00 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-18T20:10:06 * kasparnet has quit
2016-01-18T20:11:18 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-01-18T20:24:14 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-18T20:32:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-18T20:40:43 <clown> Justin_o:   followup to our conversation:  http://rawgit.com/w3c/aria/master/aria/graphics2.html#img
2016-01-18T20:43:33 * Yan_Hu has left the channel
2016-01-18T20:49:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-18T20:49:28 * clown joined the channel
2016-01-18T20:49:32 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-01-18T20:56:32 * danayo has quit
2016-01-18T20:57:03 <simonjb> hey Bosmon7, I just read your email to the fluid-work list with the notes from earlier -- my memory was that we had agreed on 4pm EST tomorrow Tuesday, rather than Thursday
2016-01-18T21:03:37 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-18T21:53:53 * jessm has quit
2016-01-18T21:59:56 * clown has quit
2016-01-18T22:10:04 * simonjb has quit
2016-01-18T22:15:25 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-18T22:50:06 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-01-18T22:55:48 * danayo has quit
2016-01-18T22:59:51 * danayo joined the channel
"

