b'2016-04-13T15:56:57 <michelled> cindyli: selecting the user management system would be more generally GPII
2016-04-13T15:57:01 <michelled> wouldn\'t it?
2016-04-13T15:57:20 <Bosmon> wale - yes, a wiki page on audit requirements would be very welcome
2016-04-13T15:57:30 <michelled> I mean, it\'s done through APCP, but wouldn\'t it be of interest to other GPII projects?
2016-04-13T15:57:44 <cindyli> michelled: so, shall we use https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Architecture_Dashboard
2016-04-13T15:57:54 <michelled> yes, that\'s perfect
2016-04-13T15:58:01 <cindyli> cool. thanks
2016-04-13T16:00:08 * scott_gonzalez_ is now known as scott_gonzalez
2016-04-13T16:00:23 <Bosmon> cindyli - that\'s a very interesting page - on unique constraints in CouchDB
2016-04-13T16:00:43 <Bosmon> I particularly like the comment which begins - "before you flip out, consider the following points"
2016-04-13T16:00:57 <cindyli> wale: when your wiki page for auditing is ready, can you add a link to this page - https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Architecture_Dashboard
2016-04-13T16:01:13 <cindyli> Bosmon: :)
2016-04-13T16:01:14 <wale> will do
2016-04-13T16:01:49 <cindyli> thanks
2016-04-13T16:18:06 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-04-13T16:23:33 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-04-13T16:26:00 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
2016-04-13T16:33:04 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-04-13T16:36:44 <Justin_o> jhung: do you have some time to look over the stylus used in this pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/700/files
2016-04-13T16:37:00 <Justin_o> i wonder if some of those values should be broken out into variables or something else, but not sure
2016-04-13T16:52:05 <jhung> Justin_o: sure. I\'ll add it to my list
2016-04-13T16:54:44 * gloob has quit
2016-04-13T16:55:17 * gloob joined the channel
2016-04-13T16:56:43 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-04-13T16:58:29 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T16:58:50 * Katy_ has quit
2016-04-13T16:59:29 * gloob has quit
2016-04-13T17:07:18 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-13T17:10:17 <jhung> Justin_o: checked https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/700 styling and it looks fine.
2016-04-13T17:14:47 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-04-13T17:17:44 * gloob joined the channel
2016-04-13T17:17:57 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-04-13T17:19:45 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-04-13T17:53:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T17:59:07 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-04-13T18:04:13 * PaliwalSparsh1 joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:06:44 * Blagoj joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:07:33 <Blagoj> Hello to all
2016-04-13T18:09:04 <Blagoj> Justin_o: what so you mean by identation exactly on the shadow bug fix? I\'ve tested the code and it is working fine. Or do you mean something regarding code style?
2016-04-13T18:09:32 * PaliwalSparsh2 joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:11:25 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
2016-04-13T18:11:47 * PaliwalSparsh1 joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:11:57 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-04-13T18:13:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:16:02 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-04-13T18:18:08 * Blagoj has quit
2016-04-13T18:24:38 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:27:43 * yzen has quit
2016-04-13T18:30:59 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting we will be doing some wiki gardening with the aim of improving on ramping into our community
2016-04-13T18:34:21 <jhung> Justin_o: are we meeting in the collaboration room?
2016-04-13T18:35:47 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:36:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:39:29 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:39:35 * Bosmon joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:39:48 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:46:48 * michelled1 joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:49:46 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:51:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:51:57 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-13T18:58:14 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T19:01:17 * kasparnet has quit
2016-04-13T19:09:09 <PaliwalSparsh1> Justin_o: I just came to this conclusion that we cannot put focus on a div, as a div is non-selectable element. When we navigate through keyboard it does not put focus on divs but elements. Am I right on this.
2016-04-13T19:13:13 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-13T19:24:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-13T19:25:07 <PaliwalSparsh1> zz
2016-04-13T19:28:14 <jhung> PaliwalSparsh1: Justin_o\'s in a meeting currently.
2016-04-13T19:28:40 <jhung> Maybe send him an email PaliwalSparsh1.
2016-04-13T19:29:05 <PaliwalSparsh1> @jhung Thanks jhung. Better I will talk to him tomorrow only then.
2016-04-13T19:29:27 <jhung> ok. I\'ll let him know you were looking for him PaliwalSparsh1.
2016-04-13T19:29:45 <PaliwalSparsh1> great. Thanks
2016-04-13T19:30:29 * PaliwalSparsh2 has quit
2016-04-13T19:30:38 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
2016-04-13T19:33:35 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-13T19:34:17 * yzen joined the channel
2016-04-13T19:48:07 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-13T19:48:24 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-04-13T19:48:24 * amatas has quit
2016-04-13T19:54:49 * scott_gonzalez_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:03:03 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:03:09 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:03:09 * amatas joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:03:50 * amatas_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:04:32 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-04-13T20:04:32 * amatas has quit
2016-04-13T20:08:35 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:14:29 * Blagoj joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:21:31 <Justin_o> Blagoj: regarding your previous question about indentation, it\'s a code style thing. Although in Stylus is might actually matter
2016-04-13T20:21:52 <Justin_o> you can see it in github. you might have used too few spaces or something
2016-04-13T20:22:40 <Blagoj> Justin_o: Okay thanks, but the thing is working on your side right? I just have to style the code better?
2016-04-13T20:23:29 * anvk has quit
2016-04-13T20:24:45 <Justin_o> Blagoj: yep, looked like it was working
2016-04-13T20:24:59 <Justin_o> i have to do a couple more tests, but i think it was good
2016-04-13T20:26:10 <Blagoj> Justin_o: Thanks, I will style it better then :)
2016-04-13T20:26:30 <Justin_o> Blagoj: thanks, shouldn\'t be too hard.. just make sure you indent 4 spaces
2016-04-13T20:27:32 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:36:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:36:01 <Blagoj> Justin_o: I\'ve just pushed the latest commit. I think this should do it?
2016-04-13T20:41:35 * simonjb_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T20:44:50 * Blagoj has quit
2016-04-13T20:47:07 * simonjb has quit
2016-04-13T20:48:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-13T21:02:07 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-04-13T21:02:45 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-04-13T21:02:53 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-04-13T21:04:13 * clown has left the channel
2016-04-13T21:18:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-13T21:18:33 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-04-13T21:45:42 * wale has quit
2016-04-13T21:55:59 * dash95 joined the channel
2016-04-13T22:07:55 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-13T22:22:20 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-04-13T22:22:24 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-04-13T22:27:24 * yzen_ has quit
2016-04-13T23:06:18 * dsharma has quit
2016-04-13T23:22:45 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-04-13T23:31:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-13T23:54:27 * lliskovoi joined the channel
'

b'2016-04-13T00:49:30 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-13T00:57:19 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-13T01:27:04 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-13T05:55:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T06:54:07 * amatas joined the channel
2016-04-13T06:58:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-13T07:00:41 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-13T07:02:28 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-13T07:13:10 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-13T07:21:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-13T07:22:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-13T07:23:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-13T07:49:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-04-13T07:50:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T07:53:24 * amatas joined the channel
2016-04-13T08:43:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T09:07:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T09:29:41 * gloob has quit
2016-04-13T09:30:13 * gloob joined the channel
2016-04-13T10:07:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T10:27:58 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-04-13T10:59:49 * kasparnet has quit
2016-04-13T11:00:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-04-13T11:14:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T11:34:54 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2016-04-13T11:38:04 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2016-04-13T11:41:14 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2016-04-13T11:43:19 * [o__o] joined the channel
2016-04-13T11:43:19 <PaliwalSparsh> bot bot
2016-04-13T11:45:14 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-04-13T11:46:38 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2016-04-13T11:51:31 * jhung joined the channel
2016-04-13T11:55:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T11:58:21 * wale joined the channel
2016-04-13T12:15:12 * yzen joined the channel
2016-04-13T12:15:38 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-13T12:30:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T12:37:57 * dsharma joined the channel
2016-04-13T12:48:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T12:53:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:00:31 * colinclark has quit
2016-04-13T13:05:43 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:06:18 * anvk joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:06:21 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:06:49 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-04-13T13:06:50 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
2016-04-13T13:09:37 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-04-13T13:10:38 * PaliwalSparsh1 joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:10:49 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:14:04 * yzen_ has quit
2016-04-13T13:19:30 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-04-13T13:20:56 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:25:26 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
2016-04-13T13:27:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:34:48 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:36:49 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:37:49 * yzen joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:41:37 * PaliwalSparsh1 joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:42:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:43:18 * scott_gonzalez_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:43:40 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-04-13T13:43:40 * gtirloni has quit
2016-04-13T13:43:40 * kasparnet has quit
2016-04-13T13:50:32 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:54:19 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:55:20 * clown joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:55:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-13T13:58:28 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-04-13T13:59:10 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-04-13T14:00:02 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
2016-04-13T14:09:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-04-13T14:15:16 * Katy_ has quit
2016-04-13T14:16:10 * Katy_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T14:29:42 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-13T14:31:17 <Justin_o> jhung: for the John Travoltage sim i have the are and legs labeled and keyboard accessible. What do you think is the next priority?
2016-04-13T14:32:07 <jhung> The descriptions Justin_o.
2016-04-13T14:32:59 <jhung> does  that make sense?
2016-04-13T14:33:56 <Justin_o> jhung:  which one(s) the aria-valuetext on the sliders or the scenes description?
2016-04-13T14:35:01 <jhung> I\'m thinking scene description Justin_o, but if you\'re already working on the hands and feet, then might as well do the valuetext.
2016-04-13T14:35:58 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-04-13T14:36:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-04-13T14:36:59 <Justin_o> jhung: okay thanks
2016-04-13T14:38:55 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-13T14:44:19 <kasparne_> good morning michelle
2016-04-13T14:47:32 <michelled> good morning kasparne_
2016-04-13T14:47:37 <michelled> how are things?
2016-04-13T14:47:42 * kasparne_ is now known as kasparnet
2016-04-13T14:48:36 <kasparnet> pretty decent -- been sitting with the modeltransformation documentation and some transformation inversion hacking which is somewhere in between very enjoyable and horridly cumbersome :)
2016-04-13T14:48:56 <michelled> :)
2016-04-13T14:48:59 <kasparnet> I was wondering if you had time to chat with me about APCP priorities at some point
2016-04-13T14:49:07 <kasparnet> I got 2 hrs of meetings coming up
2016-04-13T14:49:12 <kasparnet> but either after that
2016-04-13T14:49:21 <kasparnet> tomrrow at some point
2016-04-13T14:49:30 <michelled> I can do after your meetings today
2016-04-13T14:49:33 <kasparnet> cool
2016-04-13T14:49:42 <michelled> it might give me a chance to catch up on email
2016-04-13T14:49:49 <michelled> amazing how much happens when you take 2 days off!
2016-04-13T14:49:57 <kasparnet> yeah
2016-04-13T14:56:03 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-04-13T14:59:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T15:01:51 * PaliwalSparsh1 joined the channel
2016-04-13T15:02:07 <gloob> michelled: so you need more days off!
2016-04-13T15:03:03 <clown> hey jhernandez, I see that Bosmon has constructive criticism on the Nan port code.  I\'ll start on the xrandr and packagekit node add-ons in that regard.
2016-04-13T15:03:04 <michelled> totally!
2016-04-13T15:03:29 <jhernandez> clown: yup, just seen it
2016-04-13T15:03:47 <jhernandez> will do a pass to it tomorrow
2016-04-13T15:06:22 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: wonder how you worked around this couchDB issue that is how to keep one field, which is not the _id field, in documents being unique, such as "email" field in "_users" table in ur user management system.
2016-04-13T15:07:09 <cindyli> stackoverflow has this answer - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1541239/unique-constraints-in-couchdb#answer-22440576
2016-04-13T15:07:55 <cindyli> quite a number of steps to achieve, i wonder if there are other ways
2016-04-13T15:13:24 <the-t-in-rtf> There is another method I\'ve seen where you recompile couch to allow it to make http requests so that you can check for the existence of other docs, that also sucks.
2016-04-13T15:13:44 <the-t-in-rtf> I wouldn\'t follow this approach, as you are basically inserting corrupting data and then cleaning it up.
2016-04-13T15:14:14 <the-t-in-rtf> Since you\'re already making a "did I just screw everything up" request afterward, it\'s no more work to instead check to see "would this screw everything up" beforehand.
2016-04-13T15:14:35 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. instead of checking (in code) for duplicates after the fact, check for the existence of an existing record beforehand.
2016-04-13T15:15:23 <the-t-in-rtf> That is the approach I have followed in gpii-express-user.
2016-04-13T15:15:30 <the-t-in-rtf> @cindyli ^^^^
2016-04-13T15:15:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-13T15:17:06 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s actually less work to check ahead of time.
2016-04-13T15:17:18 <the-t-in-rtf> Check, then do or do not do, always two steps.
2016-04-13T15:17:31 <the-t-in-rtf> If you write, then check, you might have another step to clean up the record.
2016-04-13T15:17:48 <cindyli> i agree, the-t-in-rtf, was thinking of checking the existence before the insertion. this approach also requires creating views on that field. We would end up having a good number of views just for checking uniqueness
2016-04-13T15:18:00 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes.
2016-04-13T15:18:21 <the-t-in-rtf> I am thinking of ways to dynamically create views, but that will have to wait until after some of my current work moves off the stack.
2016-04-13T15:18:35 <the-t-in-rtf> It could be a good thing for you, myself, and Antranig to talk about together in Toronto.
2016-04-13T15:20:07 <cindyli> that would be great, the-t-in-rtf. would be ever nicer if we could build the solution into the infrastructure so that it\'s transparent
2016-04-13T15:23:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-13T15:28:49 * wale has quit
2016-04-13T15:34:05 * wale joined the channel
2016-04-13T15:35:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-13T15:35:58 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, exactly.
2016-04-13T15:36:24 <the-t-in-rtf> Modern versions of CouchDB (and PouchDB, which we use for testing) support require-ing library code from particular locations in your design document.
2016-04-13T15:36:59 <the-t-in-rtf> Ideally we would figure out how to include infusion itself.
2016-04-13T15:39:42 <the-t-in-rtf> And we would also have some thing that creates safely usable view functions out of components.
2016-04-13T15:40:51 <wale> morning cindyli
2016-04-13T15:41:10 <wale> appears node has a package we call build on
2016-04-13T15:41:11 <wale> https://www.npmjs.com/package/audit-log
2016-04-13T15:43:28 <wale> going to document the audit log event parameters in the wiki since the GPII is very likely going to be a FISMA Moderate system
2016-04-13T15:44:16 * Justin_o has quit
2016-04-13T15:44:43 <wale> FISMA = FEDERAL INFORMATION SECURITY MANAGEMENT ACT
2016-04-13T15:45:18 <cindyli> cool. great information. thanks for documenting that, wale
2016-04-13T15:46:10 <wale> thought to spin up a new wiki page for audit logging requirements
2016-04-13T15:46:20 <wale> thoughts Bosmon?
2016-04-13T15:46:40 <wale> or would you rather it go on the user management wiki you spun up last week ?
2016-04-13T15:47:35 <cindyli> wale: the info seems fitting better on a new page
2016-04-13T15:47:47 <wale> thought the same too
2016-04-13T15:47:48 * jhernandez has quit
2016-04-13T15:48:12 <wale> let me take a look .. with let you know if I need help
2016-04-13T15:49:21 <cindyli> sure, wale
2016-04-13T15:54:22 <cindyli> michelled: new wiki pages for APCP is accumulating, Bosmon created one for selecting user management system a few days ago. wale is creating another one for auditing logging. i\'m thinking to find a landing page to collect all these and future ones. what do you think about using this as the landing page - https://wiki.gpii.net/w/APCP_Project_Info, the "other information" section?
2016-04-13T15:54:42 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-04-13T15:55:48 <cindyli> probably we should change the title of "other information" to a more sensible title
'

