b'2016-06-02T18:10:06 <Justin_o> something like that i think
2016-06-02T18:10:30 <colinclark> Justin_o: I guess this exactly the kind of thing I mean
2016-06-02T18:10:57 <colinclark> You can say "oh 2 spaces will lower the barrier of entry for some" and then I can say "oh, but what about people who are used to 4 spaces? that will raise the barrier"
2016-06-02T18:11:03 <colinclark> and then we can go on and on and on
2016-06-02T18:11:06 <colinclark> or
2016-06-02T18:11:12 <colinclark> we could just say stick with the way things are
2016-06-02T18:11:21 <colinclark> and make some awesome accessible software
2016-06-02T18:11:35 <colinclark> I\'m not averse to the debate if, as I say, it\'s a burning topic
2016-06-02T18:11:50 <colinclark> otherwise, I can just thing of so many cooler things to spend my time brainstorming with you about, Justin_o :)
2016-06-02T18:11:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:11:59 <Justin_o> it was just an example
2016-06-02T18:12:01 <colinclark> you have PLENTY OF IDEAS, as the Doctor says
2016-06-02T18:12:10 <colinclark> totally, Justin_o, I understand
2016-06-02T18:12:44 <Justin_o> and I don\'t really have a strong enough opinion to actually argue it.. i was more thinking it could be a time we could make sure we\'re happy with our code style since we are changing the linter and there might be new things in there too
2016-06-02T18:13:52 <colinclark> ok
2016-06-02T18:14:05 <colinclark> in absence of strong feelings, my gut feeling is to carry on with what we\'ve got
2016-06-02T18:19:00 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-06-02T18:20:42 <cindyli> Bosmon: i left a couple of comments on ur pull for grunt-modulefiles - https://github.com/fluid-project/grunt-modulefiles/pull/6. as to the dependency you pointed out, the plan is to get that in first before the infusion pull.
2016-06-02T18:23:42 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:23:50 * clown joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:23:51 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:25:50 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-06-02T18:26:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:29:00 <Bosmon> Thanks, cindyli
2016-06-02T18:29:42 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-06-02T18:30:03 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:30:24 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-06-02T18:35:08 <Bosmon> I\'ve updated grunt-modulefiles
2016-06-02T18:37:35 <cindyli> thanks, Bosmon
2016-06-02T18:47:29 * gloob joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:48:18 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:49:36 * yzen joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:52:00 * gloob has quit
2016-06-02T18:55:11 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-06-02T18:58:17 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:59:27 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-06-02T19:01:03 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-06-02T19:14:16 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: i am facing a problem
2016-06-02T19:14:58 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: what\'s up?
2016-06-02T19:15:24 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-06-02T19:15:25 <cindyli> Bosmon: the pull request for grunt-modulefiles has been merged. one more comment on the infusion pull for eslinting
2016-06-02T19:16:37 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: I am good was learning into how actually states work in more better way. During this i am facing a problem I am sending you a gist for the code creating problem.
2016-06-02T19:16:58 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: okay
2016-06-02T19:18:41 * Bosmon8 has quit
2016-06-02T19:18:43 <Bosmon> cindyli - updated
2016-06-02T19:18:55 <cindyli> cool
2016-06-02T19:20:17 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: https://gist.github.com/PaliwalSparsh/a03b1916617657f6f194c28dd5eeccc2
2016-06-02T19:21:08 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: Sorry I made a mistake in the gist I will resend
2016-06-02T19:22:16 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: okay.. no worries.. let me know when it\'s back up
2016-06-02T19:26:09 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o: https://gist.github.com/PaliwalSparsh/f1008d30c5555c2df2bf41e893d2280f
2016-06-02T19:27:41 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: i think it\'s a simple fix,
2016-06-02T19:27:51 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: the quotes are in the wrong spot
2016-06-02T19:27:55 <Justin_o> so  args: "[{demo.discoveryCats}.game, {that}]" should be
2016-06-02T19:28:12 <Justin_o> args: ["{demo.discoveryCats}.game", "{that}"]
2016-06-02T19:29:21 <PaliwalSparsh> oh thanks. I saw the invokers page also multiple times missed this. Sorry
2016-06-02T19:29:50 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: no problem... hopefully things will work now
2016-06-02T19:31:21 <PaliwalSparsh> Yup its working now :) thanks
2016-06-02T19:31:28 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: great :)
2016-06-02T19:34:32 * michelled1 has quit
2016-06-02T19:35:43 <cindyli> Bosmon: the infusion pull has been merged too. the next step is to update docs
2016-06-02T19:35:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-06-02T19:36:03 <cindyli> will u do it or do you want me to do it, Bosmon
2016-06-02T19:37:02 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-06-02T19:37:41 <cindyli> Bosmon: also wondering if it\'s worthwhile to send an email to the list to let ppl know the upgrade of grunt. will need to delete node_modules/ and re-do "npm install", what do u think?
2016-06-02T19:38:19 <cindyli> of course, also tell the switch of jshint to eslint
2016-06-02T19:39:24 * michelled1 joined the channel
2016-06-02T19:40:17 <avtar> kasparnet: https://github.com/GPII/ci-service/pull/10
2016-06-02T19:42:15 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes, good idea
2016-06-02T19:44:03 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-06-02T19:45:02 * jhung has quit
2016-06-02T19:47:24 <cindyli> Bosmon: i\'ve updated wiki docs, "coding and commit standards" and "laser eye checklist"
2016-06-02T19:51:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon, cindyli: could you remind me where the docs for setting listener priorities is
2016-06-02T19:52:01 <Justin_o> never mind, found it http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/Priorities.html
2016-06-02T19:53:24 <cindyli> ok
2016-06-02T19:58:55 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2016-06-02T20:01:40 * sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2016-06-02T20:03:19 * danayo has quit
2016-06-02T20:16:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-06-02T20:19:13 <cindyli> Bosmon: email sent
2016-06-02T20:28:47 * colinclark has quit
2016-06-02T20:34:37 * kasparnet has quit
2016-06-02T20:38:43 * anvk has quit
2016-06-02T20:48:17 * gloob joined the channel
2016-06-02T20:52:08 * cindyli has quit
2016-06-02T20:52:21 * gloob has quit
2016-06-02T21:04:19 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-06-02T21:07:03 * bens_ has quit
2016-06-02T21:13:40 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-06-02T21:14:43 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-06-02T21:19:10 * yzen has quit
2016-06-02T21:21:21 * michelled1 has quit
2016-06-02T21:29:32 * gtirloni has quit
2016-06-02T21:35:25 * alanharnum has quit
2016-06-02T22:08:18 * wale has quit
2016-06-02T22:29:54 * Justin_o has quit
2016-06-02T22:29:59 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-06-02T22:31:05 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2016-06-02T22:34:03 * Bosmon7 has quit
2016-06-02T22:36:19 * amatas has quit
2016-06-02T22:49:07 * gloob joined the channel
2016-06-02T22:53:44 * gloob has quit
2016-06-02T23:35:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

b'2016-06-02T13:18:59 <aleiva> I did a npm install -g node-jqunit and same stuff
2016-06-02T13:22:40 * bens_ joined the channel
2016-06-02T13:22:48 <aleiva> ah wait
2016-06-02T13:23:01 <aleiva> node --version say 0.10.....
2016-06-02T13:26:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-06-02T13:27:14 <aleiva> I just deleted previous box version, let\'s see now
2016-06-02T13:38:06 * michelled joined the channel
2016-06-02T13:38:39 <aleiva> nah, same error
2016-06-02T13:40:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-06-02T13:41:38 <avtar> aleiva: this might be a silly question but do you have the most recent version of the gpii/windows master branch?
2016-06-02T13:44:03 <aleiva> yes
2016-06-02T13:44:16 <aleiva> I\'m destroying everyting and starting again
2016-06-02T13:44:31 <aleiva> it seems the main problem is that I did a vagrant provision
2016-06-02T13:46:03 <avtar> before starting again you might also want to confirm you have the most recent vagrant box installed
2016-06-02T13:46:27 <avtar> \'vagrant box list\' should say "inclusivedesign/windows10-eval (virtualbox, 0.2.0)"
2016-06-02T13:46:44 <aleiva> yes, before the system warned me and also I deleted the previous one
2016-06-02T13:47:02 <aleiva> the 0.1.0
2016-06-02T13:47:46 <aleiva> vagrant box remove "inclusivedesign/windows10-eval" --provider virtualbox --box-version 0.1.0
2016-06-02T13:47:49 <aleiva> for the record
2016-06-02T13:49:02 <aleiva> avtar: I was talking with Alfredo about mac vagrant box options, do you have any idea about?
2016-06-02T13:49:14 <aleiva> main problem I see is license
2016-06-02T13:49:19 <avtar> yes
2016-06-02T13:49:22 <aleiva> let me look for the pointer
2016-06-02T13:49:47 <avtar> apple is pretty restrictive about virtual instances of os x
2016-06-02T13:49:52 <aleiva> https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-work/2016-06-02/?msg=67139182&page=1
2016-06-02T13:49:54 <aleiva> aha
2016-06-02T13:50:03 <aleiva> so, which are our options?
2016-06-02T13:50:08 <avtar> as far as i know you\'re only allowed to have os x VMs on apple hardware (running os x?)
2016-06-02T13:50:31 <aleiva> haha
2016-06-02T13:51:27 * jhernandez has quit
2016-06-02T13:51:28 <aleiva> if we can use linux as a host we can send rpi3 for every developer :)
2016-06-02T13:53:42 <avtar> yeah it sucks but i think with the legal restrictions we\'re looking at a solution that involves what amatas said earlier, having access to mac minis
2016-06-02T13:54:22 <aleiva> ok
2016-06-02T13:55:16 <aleiva> avtar: thanks for the clarification
2016-06-02T13:55:57 <amatas> testing on mac sucks, overall when people has to build monsters like that: http://hackaday.com/2015/07/28/96-macbook-pros-most-expensive-server-rack-weve-ever-seen/
2016-06-02T13:58:17 <aleiva> yes, not good
2016-06-02T13:58:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-06-02T13:59:18 <avtar> aleiva, amatas: it warrants a discussion though. perhaps at the face-to-face and/or on the arch list?
2016-06-02T14:00:31 <aleiva> avtar: yes, I think in the f2f and we can "publish" our summary in arch list at the end
2016-06-02T14:00:40 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-06-02T14:00:53 <avtar> sounds good
2016-06-02T14:00:58 <aleiva> deal
2016-06-02T14:01:14 <aleiva> lunch time for me
2016-06-02T14:01:14 <aleiva> brb
2016-06-02T14:01:32 <amatas> so many topics are in the queue waiting for the f2f, :D
2016-06-02T14:03:32 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-06-02T14:05:08 * clown joined the channel
2016-06-02T14:10:48 * danayo joined the channel
2016-06-02T14:13:49 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-06-02T14:19:03 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-06-02T14:26:44 <cindyli> Bosmon: i wonder if the switch from jshint to eslint has gone thru a community discussion and reach an unanimous decision?
2016-06-02T14:30:25 <jhung> alanharnum: I\'m done leaving comments on the sonification pull req for ILDH. I see you\'re already addressing them.
2016-06-02T14:30:37 <alanharnum> yes, thanks jhung!
2016-06-02T14:31:29 <Justin_o> clown: do you know if there is an opposite to aria-controls.. like aria-controlledBy or something... basically i have a status element, and it would be easier to add the ids that control it, as opposed to adding the status\' ID to the other elements.
2016-06-02T14:31:53 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-06-02T14:33:00 <clown> Justin_o:  the opposite is in the AAPIs, and the bidirectional is computed by the browser.  All you need do is provide the one aria-controls pointer.
2016-06-02T14:33:36 <Justin_o> clown: yah.. but i want to specify it on the element that is being controlled, as opposed to the ones that are doing the controlling
2016-06-02T14:34:03 <clown> Justin_o:  just a minute.
2016-06-02T14:35:00 <alanharnum> jhung: pushed a bunch of changes
2016-06-02T14:35:43 <jhung> thanks alanharnum. I\'ll take a look.
2016-06-02T14:41:19 <clown> Justin_o:  I think you are up the creek then.  There is only an aria-controls, that assumes that the browser will determine the controlledby relationship.  Sorry.
2016-06-02T14:41:48 <Justin_o> clown: :( okay, that\'s what i thought
2016-06-02T14:42:09 <Justin_o> thanks for letting me know
2016-06-02T15:15:35 * michelled joined the channel
2016-06-02T15:47:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-06-02T15:49:18 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-06-02T15:49:25 * kasparnet has quit
2016-06-02T15:58:18 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-06-02T16:27:07 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2016-06-02T16:36:27 * clown joined the channel
2016-06-02T16:46:57 * gloob has quit
2016-06-02T16:52:36 * jhernandez has quit
2016-06-02T16:52:52 * alanharnum has quit
2016-06-02T16:53:50 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-06-02T16:54:59 * jhernandez has quit
2016-06-02T16:59:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-06-02T17:21:43 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-06-02T17:28:32 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2016-06-02T17:34:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-06-02T17:52:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-06-02T17:53:39 <colinclark> hey cindyli, Bosmon
2016-06-02T17:53:45 <colinclark> how\'s it going?
2016-06-02T17:53:53 <cindyli> so far so good
2016-06-02T17:54:16 <cindyli> what\'s up
2016-06-02T17:54:49 <Bosmon> It\'s reasonable
2016-06-02T17:55:22 <cindyli> seems it goes well with colinclark too, nothing special coming up ;)
2016-06-02T17:55:31 <colinclark> ha :)
2016-06-02T17:55:44 <colinclark> So, I was thinking about lazy consensus in open source
2016-06-02T17:56:23 <colinclark> And how the key to it is that "business as usual" work can just carry on without a lot of process or voting or other things like that
2016-06-02T17:56:49 <colinclark> you now, like if you have a fix or improvement or new feature, you use the channel or the list and Github pull requests so that community knows what you\'re up to
2016-06-02T17:56:57 <colinclark> and then you don\'t have have a vote or whatever
2016-06-02T17:57:02 <colinclark> For really big stuff
2016-06-02T17:57:22 <colinclark> infrastructural stuff, major decision decisions, that kind of thing, then you want to have a bigger community discussion
2016-06-02T17:57:27 <Bosmon> "For heaven\'s sake, mankind, the pull request has been on display in your local galactic hyperspace planning council for the last 50 years"
2016-06-02T17:57:30 <colinclark> perhaps a vote, etc.
2016-06-02T17:57:35 <colinclark> hahaha
2016-06-02T17:57:49 <colinclark> I\'m so glad I recoginze Hitchhiker\'s references now :)
2016-06-02T17:58:00 <colinclark> Since I read it on the Tube from Heathrow
2016-06-02T17:58:10 <Bosmon> Yes, very useful
2016-06-02T17:58:20 <colinclark> For really big governance stuff, like who gets commit access and stuff, then you really want a vote
2016-06-02T17:58:24 <colinclark> a formal process, that kind of thing
2016-06-02T17:58:41 <colinclark> my impression is that our choice of linter is pretty benign
2016-06-02T17:58:55 <colinclark> Bosmon: Do you have anything written about what motivated you to switch to ESLint?
2016-06-02T17:59:10 <colinclark> I guess a lot of it is in order to avoid having our own crazy old forks of JSHint
2016-06-02T17:59:18 <Bosmon> *extremely* benign, given cindyli gets to have her favorite EOF style enforced by a rule :)
2016-06-02T17:59:22 <colinclark> and maybe the ability to catch some extra whitespace that didn\'t used to get caught
2016-06-02T17:59:34 <cindyli> lol
2016-06-02T17:59:39 <colinclark> cindyli: I\'m with you on that
2016-06-02T17:59:44 <colinclark> I hate those little red squares
2016-06-02T17:59:51 <cindyli> **shake hands
2016-06-02T17:59:56 <colinclark> they were all over Bosmon\'s Kettle pull request last week :)
2016-06-02T18:00:10 <Bosmon> colinclark - there is the JIRA
2016-06-02T18:00:11 <Bosmon> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5909
2016-06-02T18:00:13 <colinclark> cool
2016-06-02T18:00:31 * alanharnum has quit
2016-06-02T18:00:59 <colinclark> I feel pretty good about this being a perfect example of work covered by day-to-day, lazy consensus governance
2016-06-02T18:01:09 <colinclark> JIRA describes the motivation
2016-06-02T18:01:16 <colinclark> pull request was submitted for everyone to see
2016-06-02T18:01:36 <colinclark> I can\'t think of any reason to have a more formal community discussion, can you folks?
2016-06-02T18:01:37 <michelled> sounds fine to me, can someone update this page as part of the pull going in? https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Coding+and+Commit+Standards
2016-06-02T18:01:54 <colinclark> seems like a good idea
2016-06-02T18:02:10 <cindyli> i have no objections
2016-06-02T18:02:18 <Bosmon> Awesome
2016-06-02T18:02:24 <colinclark> Cool
2016-06-02T18:02:37 <colinclark> I guess revisiting our linting style was mentioned yesterday
2016-06-02T18:03:05 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:03:12 <colinclark> I\'ve always felt like styles and conventions are one of those things
2016-06-02T18:03:17 <colinclark> they\'re endlessly debatable
2016-06-02T18:03:32 <colinclark> and it\'s never the case that everyone is happy with them
2016-06-02T18:03:54 <colinclark> which is a good reason, I think, not to revisit them unless there\'s a really, really compelling reason
2016-06-02T18:03:59 <alanharn_> i agree that it\'s not about happiness
2016-06-02T18:04:03 <alanharn_> it\'s about consistency
2016-06-02T18:04:05 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-06-02T18:04:49 <colinclark> Justin_o: Do you see any burning reason to open any stylistic cans of worms?
2016-06-02T18:04:57 <colinclark> Got any fishing trips planned? :)
2016-06-02T18:05:06 <colinclark> or advanced composting projects
2016-06-02T18:06:12 <Justin_o> colinclark:  you mean terms of linting?
2016-06-02T18:06:17 <colinclark> or anything :)
2016-06-02T18:06:32 <colinclark> I forget, was it whitespace you mentioned yesterday?
2016-06-02T18:06:39 <colinclark> or am I hallucinating? :)
2016-06-02T18:06:51 * michelled1 joined the channel
2016-06-02T18:06:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: added one in, for the functions
2016-06-02T18:07:16 <Justin_o> which i think we probably had at some point, maybe it was just with the manually linting through the jslint site
2016-06-02T18:07:26 <Justin_o> colinclark: ^
2016-06-02T18:07:36 <Justin_o> that was for you, but to mention Bosmon
2016-06-02T18:07:54 <colinclark> yeah, we\'ve always had the Crockford-esque space-after-anonymous-functions convention
2016-06-02T18:08:24 <Bosmon> It\'s possible to believe that it was once ever enforced, but the number of exceptions I found last night strongly suggests that never was
2016-06-02T18:08:34 <Bosmon> that it
2016-06-02T18:08:52 <Bosmon> It\'s just something we said to one another
2016-06-02T18:10:03 <Justin_o> the other was a more general question about revisiting our settings in general to see if the are what we want. I had used the example of 2 spaces vs 4 spaces because it seems to be more common and would help ease some barriers to our code.. but Bosmon pointed out that there are a lot of popular styles that we probably won\'t want to adopt.
'

b'2016-06-02T00:17:32 * yzen joined the channel
2016-06-02T00:22:12 * yzen has quit
2016-06-02T00:24:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-06-02T01:11:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-06-02T01:21:20 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-06-02T01:23:43 * jhernandez has quit
2016-06-02T01:24:10 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-06-02T01:28:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-06-02T01:34:01 * kasparnet has quit
2016-06-02T01:42:22 * jhernandez has quit
2016-06-02T01:42:40 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-06-02T01:52:47 * gloob joined the channel
2016-06-02T01:57:20 * gloob has quit
2016-06-02T02:12:11 * colinclark has quit
2016-06-02T02:17:19 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-06-02T02:25:24 * colinclark has quit
2016-06-02T02:46:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-06-02T03:08:12 * colinclark has quit
2016-06-02T03:31:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-06-02T03:36:07 * kasparnet has quit
2016-06-02T03:53:30 * gloob joined the channel
2016-06-02T03:53:32 * yzen joined the channel
2016-06-02T03:57:48 * yzen has quit
2016-06-02T03:58:21 * gloob has quit
2016-06-02T04:07:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-06-02T04:29:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-06-02T04:30:29 * kasparnet has quit
2016-06-02T04:51:37 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-06-02T05:01:11 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-06-02T05:12:05 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-06-02T05:49:32 * from-fluid-IRC has quit
2016-06-02T05:50:24 * from-fluid-IRC joined the channel
2016-06-02T05:54:22 * gloob joined the channel
2016-06-02T05:58:37 * gloob has quit
2016-06-02T05:59:52 * from-fluid-IRC has left the channel
2016-06-02T06:00:23 * from-fluid-IRC joined the channel
2016-06-02T06:45:21 * gloob joined the channel
2016-06-02T08:51:45 * amatas joined the channel
2016-06-02T10:21:03 <gloob> amatas: I\'m wondering, any idea which is the plan with mac?
2016-06-02T10:21:53 <gloob> although el capitan its free and it works flawless in vbox
2016-06-02T10:22:30 <gloob> should we follow the same strategy than with windows for the vagrant boxes?
2016-06-02T10:22:37 <amatas> sorry gloob, but I don\'t know what are you talking about. do you mean the testing environments?
2016-06-02T10:22:48 <amatas> OH I see,...
2016-06-02T10:22:51 <gloob> yes
2016-06-02T10:23:29 <amatas> well, the virtual box VMs with macos are pretty unstable
2016-06-02T10:23:45 <gloob> oh, do we have of that?
2016-06-02T10:24:04 <amatas> so I guess that we will need to use some machines
2016-06-02T10:24:13 <amatas> phisycal machines I mean
2016-06-02T10:24:17 <gloob> ahh
2016-06-02T10:24:21 <jhernandez> I got it working in a VM machine
2016-06-02T10:24:25 <gloob> me too
2016-06-02T10:24:44 <jhernandez> but it was a nightmare to get it working
2016-06-02T10:24:57 <amatas> we don\'t have any mac pc for "public testing" AFAIK
2016-06-02T10:25:08 <gloob> but some concerns I have, license? should we package it with vagrant-packer in the same way than windows vagrant boxes?
2016-06-02T10:25:35 <amatas> MS provides those VMs with an special license
2016-06-02T10:26:12 <amatas> https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/tools/vms/windows/
2016-06-02T10:27:59 <amatas> this is a bit outdate, but perhaps we should give a try: https://github.com/timsutton/osx-vm-templates
2016-06-02T10:28:23 <jhernandez> amatas: hey there
2016-06-02T10:29:03 <jhernandez> I\'m having a problem with vagrant while trying to use our windows vm
2016-06-02T10:29:05 <amatas> hey jhernandez !
2016-06-02T10:29:25 <gloob> jhernandez: which version?
2016-06-02T10:29:29 <jhernandez> it could be a problem with my vagrant version, but not sure
2016-06-02T10:29:34 <jhernandez> 1.8.1
2016-06-02T10:29:49 <amatas> could you paste.it the errors or a screenshot?
2016-06-02T10:29:53 <gloob> same here, I\'m going to test
2016-06-02T10:29:58 <jhernandez> whenever I run a vagrant command I\'m always getting
2016-06-02T10:30:25 <jhernandez> https://paste.gnome.org/pnwk3q0sa
2016-06-02T10:32:14 <jhernandez> oh and btw, I love how polari ask you confirmation to create a pastebin when trying to copy/paste more than 2 lines
2016-06-02T10:32:22 <jhernandez> love it!
2016-06-02T10:32:28 <jhernandez> :)
2016-06-02T10:32:55 <amatas> jhernandez, are you using a rvm environment?
2016-06-02T10:33:21 <jhernandez> nope
2016-06-02T10:33:39 <jhernandez> should I?
2016-06-02T10:34:06 <amatas> what is the output of the "gem list mime-types" command?
2016-06-02T10:34:23 <jhernandez> FYI, I use the openSUSE\'s rolling distro
2016-06-02T10:34:48 <jhernandez> gem list mime-types*** LOCAL GEMS ***mime-types (1.25.1)
2016-06-02T10:36:37 <amatas> try uninstalling that gem: gem uninstall mime-types or uninstalling the rpm
2016-06-02T10:40:52 <jhernandez> ok, the message has gone far away
2016-06-02T10:40:54 <jhernandez> :)
2016-06-02T10:41:10 <gloob> you were using the distro package?
2016-06-02T10:41:26 <gloob> ruby and rvm and distro packages is nightmare in earth
2016-06-02T10:43:16 <jhernandez> gloob: yeah, "zypper in vagrant" and you\'re ready to go
2016-06-02T10:43:55 <gloob> ah yes, makes sense but then you have conflicts with the rvm-gem installaed packages
2016-06-02T10:43:58 <gloob> afuu
2016-06-02T10:44:06 <jhernandez> the thing is that it works with our linux box
2016-06-02T10:44:47 <jhernandez> ok, now windows box throws the following
2016-06-02T10:45:17 <jhernandez> https://paste.gnome.org/piq75z68s
2016-06-02T10:46:06 <jhernandez> and still getting the same previous warning about "mime-type"
2016-06-02T10:46:50 <amatas> vagrant plugin install vagrant-winrm
2016-06-02T10:48:22 <amatas> but wait
2016-06-02T10:48:40 <amatas> because I think that vagrant 1.8 comes with winrm
2016-06-02T10:49:16 <jhernandez> yeah, I tried that yesterday but it didn\'t work
2016-06-02T10:49:48 <amatas> you need to install "winrm" gem
2016-06-02T10:49:57 <amatas> of ruby
2016-06-02T10:54:46 <jhernandez> ok done - but still not working
2016-06-02T10:54:51 <amatas> :D
2016-06-02T10:54:54 <jhernandez> xDDD
2016-06-02T10:55:31 <jhernandez> amatas: now you\'ll say "damned linux bleeding-edge lovers"
2016-06-02T10:57:19 <amatas> well, that includes me
2016-06-02T10:57:26 <amatas> I\'m using Arch
2016-06-02T10:57:59 <amatas> but I try to use virtual environments as much as I can
2016-06-02T10:58:07 <gloob> arch is the righteous path
2016-06-02T10:58:40 <jhernandez> probably it\'s just a mess in opensuse\'s pkgs
2016-06-02T10:58:41 <amatas> for example in the case of ruby I use rvm, for python and nodejs virtualenv ( +nodeenv)
2016-06-02T10:59:11 <jhernandez> yup, that makes sense
2016-06-02T10:59:25 <jhernandez> I do the same for node.js
2016-06-02T11:03:52 <jhernandez> amatas: what version of ruby are you using?
2016-06-02T11:04:46 <amatas> ruby-2.2.4
2016-06-02T11:28:23 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-06-02T11:30:42 <jhernandez> amatas: nope :/
2016-06-02T11:32:20 <amatas> which error this time?
2016-06-02T11:35:08 <jhernandez> ok, looks like it\'s going to work this time
2016-06-02T11:35:44 <jhernandez> ==> default: Importing base box \'inclusivedesign/windows10-eval\'...
2016-06-02T11:35:52 <jhernandez> amatas: ^
2016-06-02T11:38:37 <amatas> grab a coffee if your broadband connection has a bad transfer rate...
2016-06-02T11:38:52 <jhernandez> it worked after cleaning the old vagrant plugins I had and installing the rpm package from hashicorp
2016-06-02T11:39:31 <jhernandez> amatas: heh
2016-06-02T11:39:43 <jhernandez> ==> default:  Installing python2...
2016-06-02T11:40:06 <jhernandez> is almost done
2016-06-02T11:47:36 * aleiva joined the channel
2016-06-02T11:50:40 <jhernandez> amatas: okay, provisioning is done
2016-06-02T11:50:59 <jhernandez> now I\'m having problems when running the UnitTests
2016-06-02T11:52:42 <jhernandez> putty is asking me for connection details
2016-06-02T11:52:51 <amatas> putty?
2016-06-02T11:52:57 <jhernandez> yup
2016-06-02T11:53:17 <amatas> do you use putty in linux?
2016-06-02T11:53:54 <jhernandez> are you kidding me?
2016-06-02T11:53:56 <jhernandez> :P
2016-06-02T11:54:33 <jhernandez> look, I took a screenshot of it
2016-06-02T11:59:36 <jhernandez> https://ibin.co/2jGweJPiaOJc.png
2016-06-02T12:01:02 <amatas> http://m.memegen.com/aqwj65.jpg
2016-06-02T12:02:19 <jhernandez> xDDDD
2016-06-02T12:02:42 <jhernandez> looks like the killProcess utility uses putty for testing
2016-06-02T12:04:06 <amatas> https://github.com/GPII/windows/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/killProcess/test/testKillProcess.js#L51
2016-06-02T12:04:09 <amatas> yup
2016-06-02T12:17:43 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-06-02T12:22:34 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-06-02T12:24:41 <jhernandez> and it definetly looks like the killProcess utility doesn\'t appear to work :/
2016-06-02T12:44:53 * wale joined the channel
2016-06-02T12:45:47 * kasparnet has quit
2016-06-02T12:53:15 * anvk joined the channel
2016-06-02T12:58:59 * jessm joined the channel
2016-06-02T13:01:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-06-02T13:04:19 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-06-02T13:09:12 * jhung joined the channel
2016-06-02T13:11:03 <aleiva> jhernandez: I have an error with node-jqunit, weird
2016-06-02T13:12:03 <jhernandez> aleiva: what kind of error?
2016-06-02T13:18:16 <aleiva> after cd c:\\vagrant
2016-06-02T13:18:17 <aleiva> node tests\\UnitTests.js
2016-06-02T13:18:44 <aleiva> FATAL ERROR: blablabla Cannot find module node-jqunit
'

