b'2016-02-04T17:42:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-04T17:42:27 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-04T17:44:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah, i guess the workflow is considered to be slightly different, not sure why... we could probably change it in JIRA if necessary
2016-02-04T17:45:09 <Justin_o> danayo: i believe it should be, if they pick up all of the css and etc.
2016-02-04T17:45:09 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-02-04T17:45:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-04T17:49:15 <Jess_> hey everyone: by now most of you should have gotten a welcome message to the new list: http://lists.idrc.ocadu.ca/mailman/listinfo/community if you didn\xe2\x80\x99t please subscribe. the welcome message explains that we\xe2\x80\x99ve got all the IDRCers, IDIers, and MDes alumns, students, and faculty on the list and we hope that anyone interested in chatting about inclusive design will join. i\xe2\x80\x99m tweeting about it and encourage you to do the same!
2016-02-04T17:51:56 <danayo> thanks Justin_o, I think it might be worth communicating that to the dev team Justin_o ... maybe at tomorrow\'s standup? are you planning on going?
2016-02-04T17:57:49 <Justin_o> danayo: i don\'t usually, i\'ve been working half days on fridays... but maybe i\'ll try to go tomorrow
2016-02-04T17:58:23 <danayo> ok Justin_o, thanks
2016-02-04T18:01:05 <Bosmon> Wow, alanharnum - RAWGIT to the rescue again!
2016-02-04T18:01:17 <Bosmon> For some reason I can no longer see my local HTTP server from inside a VM
2016-02-04T18:09:03 <michelled> Jess_: are we involved in this at all? https://2016idea.wordpress.com/
2016-02-04T18:17:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-04T18:20:07 <Jess_> michelled: cool. not involved that i know of. it\xe2\x80\x99s for undergrads\xe2\x80\xa6 i wonder if there\xe2\x80\x99s a good way to get it out to the OCAD undergrads. Maybe we should make sure the accessibility office knows about it?
2016-02-04T18:20:12 <Justin_o> avtar: with the new testem stuff, is there an easy way to know which test failed?
2016-02-04T18:20:37 <michelled> Jess_: good idea - do you have a contact to send it along to?
2016-02-04T18:20:47 <Jess_> michelled: i\xe2\x80\x99m just looking for one\xe2\x80\xa6
2016-02-04T18:22:44 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-04T18:23:55 <Jess_> michelled: not quite a fit, but perhaps the Disability Services folks can reach out to all undergrads or know how to http://www.ocadu.ca/services/disability-services.htm
2016-02-04T18:24:04 <Jess_> that page has some of their emails on it
2016-02-04T18:27:48 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-04T18:32:20 * amatas has quit
2016-02-04T18:35:32 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-04T18:53:36 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-04T18:59:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-04T19:16:11 * clown_mtg has quit
2016-02-04T19:16:13 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-04T19:19:19 * apater joined the channel
2016-02-04T19:22:01 * amatas joined the channel
2016-02-04T19:30:40 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-04T19:34:03 <cindyli> alanharnum and alanharnum_, i saw ur reply on my last review comment about adding tests for highlighting. wonder if ur pull request ready for another review?
2016-02-04T19:40:16 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-04T19:44:16 <simonjb> hey michelled, when would work for you to meet this afternoon?
2016-02-04T19:52:44 * gtirloni has quit
2016-02-04T19:54:06 <michelled> simonjb:  I was just about to ping you :)
2016-02-04T19:54:10 <michelled> are you available now?
2016-02-04T19:54:15 <simonjb> yep
2016-02-04T19:54:22 <michelled> avtar: are you also available?
2016-02-04T19:54:42 <simonjb> he\'s at justins desk right now
2016-02-04T19:55:07 <michelled> ok I think I can check in with him separately - I\'ll give you a call simonjb
2016-02-04T19:55:07 <simonjb> 10 mins
2016-02-04T19:55:11 <simonjb> ok
2016-02-04T19:55:13 <michelled> oh ok, that works :)
2016-02-04T19:55:31 <simonjb> sorry -- now is good for me
2016-02-04T19:55:42 <simonjb> avtar says he would be available in 10 mins
2016-02-04T19:55:51 <simonjb> michelled ^
2016-02-04T19:55:53 <michelled> let\'s wait 10 min
2016-02-04T19:55:57 <simonjb> ok
2016-02-04T19:55:58 <michelled> and talk the 3 of us
2016-02-04T19:56:35 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-04T20:01:55 <apater> Hello team. I am implementing control bar TextToSpeed \xe2\x80\x8b\xe2\x80\x8binfusion in moodle
2016-02-04T20:04:43 <apater> someone has experience ?
2016-02-04T20:07:56 <avtar> michelled, simonjb: which room are we using?
2016-02-04T20:08:25 <michelled> mine
2016-02-04T20:10:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i merged you FLUID-5821 pull request, but left a comment on the docs pull
2016-02-04T20:10:47 <Justin_o> wondering if you can opportunistically fix an issue with some of the docs there
2016-02-04T20:12:47 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-02-04T20:12:47 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-04T20:19:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-04T20:43:26 * danayo has quit
2016-02-04T20:44:20 * danayo joined the channel
2016-02-04T20:46:30 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-02-04T20:47:46 * amatas has quit
2016-02-04T20:47:46 * cindyli has quit
2016-02-04T20:49:38 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-04T20:49:52 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-04T20:50:22 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-02-04T20:50:39 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-02-04T20:50:55 * cindyli has quit
2016-02-04T20:51:16 * michelled has quit
2016-02-04T20:52:20 * Jess_ has quit
2016-02-04T20:52:58 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-04T20:56:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: merged all the FLUID-5846 pull requests
2016-02-04T20:57:48 <Justin_o> and updated the docs site
2016-02-04T21:00:58 * jhung has quit
2016-02-04T21:04:15 * apater has quit
2016-02-04T21:10:18 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-02-04T21:22:36 * anvk has quit
2016-02-04T21:24:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-04T21:28:40 * simonjb has quit
2016-02-04T21:37:44 * apater joined the channel
2016-02-04T21:43:01 <Bosmon> Justin_o - thanks so much
2016-02-04T21:43:13 <Bosmon> I think we should leave the "Note:" the way it is since there are dozens of others of this kind
2016-02-04T21:43:27 <Bosmon> I imagine jhung might be the person to ask as to why it is styled that way
2016-02-04T21:49:34 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-02-04T22:52:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-04T23:03:19 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-04T23:24:06 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-02-04T23:24:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
'

b'2016-02-04T00:08:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-04T00:08:55 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-04T00:13:41 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-04T00:38:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-04T00:50:56 * danayo joined the channel
2016-02-04T00:57:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-04T02:00:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-04T02:04:56 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-04T03:11:41 * danayo joined the channel
2016-02-04T04:11:03 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-04T05:25:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-04T05:35:09 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-04T06:06:02 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-04T07:44:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-04T07:48:48 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-02-04T07:55:50 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2016-02-04T08:12:48 * yzen joined the channel
2016-02-04T12:34:46 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-04T13:19:15 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-02-04T13:40:10 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-02-04T13:44:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-04T13:54:36 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-04T14:04:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-04T14:18:18 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-04T14:20:26 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-04T14:31:21 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-04T14:38:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-04T14:39:14 <Bosmon> Hay alanharnum WAHHARNUM : P
2016-02-04T14:39:34 <Bosmon> Your "BOND VILLANELLE" retweet was the funniest thing I\'ve heard for a while :)
2016-02-04T14:41:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-04T14:42:52 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-04T14:45:52 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-04T14:47:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i didn\'t know we could do this {that}.dom.iframe.0
2016-02-04T14:48:04 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well I don\'t see anything that prevents it : P
2016-02-04T14:48:13 <Bosmon> jQuery\'s ways have been very stable for a long time....
2016-02-04T14:48:24 <Justin_o> i mean, i didn\'t realize it would work in the IoC declaration
2016-02-04T14:48:43 <Bosmon> ah
2016-02-04T14:48:50 <Bosmon> Well it is all just properties after all...
2016-02-04T14:49:55 <Justin_o> it\'s good to know.. i might need to do that again some time
2016-02-04T14:50:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I left a few comments on https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/666
2016-02-04T14:51:10 <Bosmon> Thanks, Justin_o
2016-02-04T14:52:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-04T14:54:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-02-04T14:55:13 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:03:45 <michelled> alanharn_: do you have a little time today?
2016-02-04T15:04:34 <alanharnum_> michelled: sure, what\'s up?
2016-02-04T15:05:17 <michelled> Justin_o has brought to my attention that the README could use some massaging, and I thought as a newer Infusion developer you might have thoughts. I was hoping to meet with you to get them :)
2016-02-04T15:05:45 <alanharnum_> michelled: which README is this?
2016-02-04T15:05:49 <michelled> Infusion
2016-02-04T15:06:11 <michelled> we could meet and run through it and then I can make the modifications as part of my pull that already modified the readme
2016-02-04T15:06:17 * danayo joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:06:40 <alanharnum_> sure happy to talk - what\'s a good time? this is a good time because my brain is steeped (ha ha ha) in Infusion right now
2016-02-04T15:06:53 <michelled> hehe
2016-02-04T15:07:04 <michelled> any time works for me
2016-02-04T15:09:48 <alanharnum_> 10:30? Let me finish stubbing out this test first
2016-02-04T15:10:24 <michelled> sounds good
2016-02-04T15:11:41 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:13:02 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:18:16 * amatas joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:22:46 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:22:49 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:24:51 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:25:05 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:27:23 <Justin_o> danayo: good morning... when would be a good time to meet about the test plans?
2016-02-04T15:31:23 <danayo> Justin_o I can meet now if that works for you?
2016-02-04T15:31:34 <Justin_o> danayo: sure, that works for me
2016-02-04T15:31:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-04T15:31:52 <alanharnum_> michelled: I\'m good now - vidyo?
2016-02-04T15:33:00 <michelled> two minutes - just grabbing breakfast alanharnum
2016-02-04T15:33:06 <alanharnum_> ok
2016-02-04T15:53:25 * jhung joined the channel
2016-02-04T16:21:02 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-04T16:27:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-04T16:30:47 * jhernandez has quit
2016-02-04T16:39:59 * clown joined the channel
2016-02-04T16:46:48 <michelled> fluid-everyone: I forgot to mention that I\'m away tomorrow, so if you need anything from me this week please ping me
2016-02-04T16:48:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-04T16:55:07 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-02-04T16:55:07 * kasparnet has quit
2016-02-04T16:55:43 <kasparne_> Bosmon: got a questoin re: matchmaker
2016-02-04T16:55:56 <Bosmon> Hi KASPARDNITT
2016-02-04T16:56:00 <kasparne_> hey Bosmon
2016-02-04T16:56:31 <kasparne_> I was wondering to what extend we should set settings for applications on a users system
2016-02-04T16:56:40 <kasparne_> there are two options, as I see it
2016-02-04T16:57:33 <kasparne_> either we configure all applications which satisfy ANY of the users preferences (but only launch a subset of them)
2016-02-04T16:58:15 <kasparne_> alternatively we only configure a few of the applications on the system that we deem relevant to the user
2016-02-04T16:58:39 <kasparne_> (damn whiskey mind... everything is going so slow)
2016-02-04T16:58:43 <kasparne_> ... let me rephrase
2016-02-04T16:59:03 <kasparne_> I\'m thinking that the MM should configure all applications on the system for which the user has relevant settings
2016-02-04T16:59:24 <kasparne_> and launch the few required by the user, such as the screenreader, or the like
2016-02-04T16:59:41 <kasparne_> ... does that sound sensible?
2016-02-04T17:01:10 <kasparne_> Bosmon: am I even making sense
2016-02-04T17:01:12 <kasparne_> :)
2016-02-04T17:03:12 <Bosmon> kasparne_ - that kind of issue is taken care of by the algorithm for the canopy matchmaker
2016-02-04T17:03:22 <Bosmon> If we want some different behaviour, we would need a different algorithm
2016-02-04T17:03:46 <Bosmon> But I think we had decided that we want applications which meet ANY user preferences which are not handled by some other solution, UNLESS they conflict with that solution in the "spinal ontology"
2016-02-04T17:03:59 <Bosmon> Ah
2016-02-04T17:04:04 <Bosmon> Sorry, I read more carefully
2016-02-04T17:04:11 <Bosmon> YOu want a distinction between launch/configure
2016-02-04T17:04:31 <Bosmon> That seems too subtle to get into without any concrete use cases
2016-02-04T17:04:46 <Bosmon> Let\'s implement what we decided on and circle back after we\'ve had some actual user feedback
2016-02-04T17:04:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-04T17:05:51 <Bosmon> I think we\'ve learned enough during these APCP meetings about the perils of developers sitting around and making UX decisions at random :)
2016-02-04T17:16:03 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-04T17:17:21 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/666 and https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/657 are ready for another look
2016-02-04T17:17:37 <Bosmon> And they now have two matching docs pulls
2016-02-04T17:17:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, i\'ll take a look at all of those
2016-02-04T17:17:53 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/83 and https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/82
2016-02-04T17:19:50 <kasparne_> Bosmon: cool - that makes sense!
2016-02-04T17:20:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-02-04T17:22:16 * jhernandez joined the channel
2016-02-04T17:23:04 <Justin_o> danayo: did you got the PGA standup.. i just totally forgot about
2016-02-04T17:23:05 <Justin_o> i
2016-02-04T17:23:06 <Justin_o> it
2016-02-04T17:27:58 * cindyli has quit
2016-02-04T17:29:29 <danayo> Justin_o: i did
2016-02-04T17:30:04 <danayo> Justin_o: ben says he\'s 95% sure that defaults are being saved, and he\'s going to double-check
2016-02-04T17:30:19 <Justin_o> danayo: thanks for going, and for the update
2016-02-04T17:30:47 <danayo> sure Justin_o, also, they were discussing the transformation of images with contrast themes
2016-02-04T17:30:57 <danayo> and I told them that our UIO panel doesn\'t transform the images
2016-02-04T17:31:19 <Justin_o> danayo: nope.. although we do switch images sometimes i guess
2016-02-04T17:31:38 <Justin_o> but that\'s more related to the sites design than anything the tool is doing itself i guess
2016-02-04T17:31:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-04T17:31:44 <danayo> oh ok
2016-02-04T17:31:56 <danayo> I was thinking that the contrast themes were more about text on background
2016-02-04T17:31:59 <danayo> Justin_o
2016-02-04T17:32:14 <danayo> oh and also, they\'re going to use the electrons page for preview
2016-02-04T17:32:45 <Justin_o> danayo: well it adds a class so the site can hook into that to modify things beyond what the tool does out of the box.
2016-02-04T17:33:01 <Justin_o> oh instead of the PhET sim?
2016-02-04T17:33:06 <danayo> yes, instead of PhET
2016-02-04T17:33:13 <danayo> I think that will be much better
2016-02-04T17:34:08 <Justin_o> cool and it should just work with all the previewable changes out of the box
2016-02-04T17:34:35 <danayo> what do you mean Justin_o?
2016-02-04T17:35:13 <Justin_o> i mean that it was designed to work with things like text size changes, contrast adjustments and etc
2016-02-04T17:35:18 <danayo> right
2016-02-04T17:35:57 <Bosmon> I wonder who is the right person to talk about JIRA issues these days?
2016-02-04T17:35:59 <Bosmon> perhaps gtirloni
2016-02-04T17:36:07 <Bosmon> I notice that our workflow buttons have become a little corrupted
2016-02-04T17:36:15 <danayo> ah, Justin_o, I see that our Explore tool does in fact change the contrast of the images
2016-02-04T17:36:17 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-02-04T17:36:20 <Bosmon> They now read "Resolved" rather than "Resolve", etc.
2016-02-04T17:36:35 * clown joined the channel
2016-02-04T17:36:44 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2016-02-04T17:37:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-04T17:37:16 <danayo> they were discussing how to make that work at standup Justin_o, but from what you\'re saying, it should be fairly simple? since it\'s already designed to work with those transformations?
2016-02-04T17:37:16 <Bosmon> Ah, perhaps this is only when the issue is already in the "Reopened" state
2016-02-04T17:37:33 <danayo> "that" meaning applying contrast to images Justin_o
2016-02-04T17:38:12 <Bosmon> Issues in normal states seem to have buttons with the correct wording...
2016-02-04T17:39:57 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-04T17:40:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
'

