b'2016-11-16T22:31:15 * yzen_ has quit
2016-11-16T22:37:42 * amatas has quit
2016-11-16T22:46:40 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T22:59:21 * Jess_ has quit
2016-11-16T23:05:24 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2016-11-16T23:10:27 * Kobi has quit
2016-11-16T23:17:58 * gtirloni has quit
2016-11-16T23:31:45 * Bosmon has quit
2016-11-16T23:35:45 * Bosmon joined the channel
2016-11-16T23:36:16 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-16T23:40:05 * Justin_o has quit
2016-11-16T23:47:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T23:52:17 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T23:56:07 * simonjb joined the channel
'

b'2016-11-16T16:49:59 * Jess_ has quit
2016-11-16T16:51:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T16:53:19 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-16T16:53:30 <Justin_o> clown: this might be interesting for you related to accessible drag and drop. https://github.com/benetech/DiagramDevelopers-DragAndDrop/wiki/DragAndDrop-Analysis
2016-11-16T16:53:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-16T16:53:50 <clown> thanks, Justin_o
2016-11-16T16:56:31 <clown> jhernandez:  I\'m willing to drop one of my meetings this afternoon, if that would help.
2016-11-16T16:57:07 <Justin_o> clown: also this is root stuff from Infusion http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/Contexts.html#global-components-fluid-resolveroot-and-fluid-resolverootsingle- but i don\'t see what you were mentioning about rootPath, so that might be a GPII or kettle thing.
2016-11-16T16:58:20 <jhernandez> clown: okay - in any case, I can stay 30 mins more after the arch meeting
2016-11-16T16:58:21 <clown> thanks again Justin_o
2016-11-16T16:59:00 <clown> jhernandez, I can\'t stay after the arch meeting; there is a meeting right after that I have to go to.  But, there was a later meeting that I could drop.
2016-11-16T16:59:15 <clown> But, if that\'s too late for you, c\'est la vie.
2016-11-16T16:59:25 <jhernandez> if you think that we better speak tomorrow, let\'s speak tomorrow
2016-11-16T16:59:42 <clown> I\'m away tomorrow until next Tue.
2016-11-16T16:59:48 <clown> :-(
2016-11-16T17:00:49 <jhernandez> oh, I see, then I\'ll comment on the pr (I didn\'t want to make noise in there)
2016-11-16T17:01:20 <jhernandez> will do that ASAP
2016-11-16T17:01:51 <the-t-in-rtf> @kasparnet, who is opening the room?
2016-11-16T17:01:53 <clown> okay.
2016-11-16T17:04:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-16T17:05:20 <alanharnum> colinclark michelled simonjb: http://netart.rocks/
2016-11-16T17:08:13 * jhung has quit
2016-11-16T17:14:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-16T17:14:56 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-11-16T17:16:49 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T17:17:19 * avtar joined the channel
2016-11-16T17:22:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T17:32:56 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T17:38:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T17:45:24 <colinclark> simonjb: What\'s the difference between a regular CHIP and an Alpha CHIP?
2016-11-16T17:47:33 <simonjb> colinclark: I believe that the Alpha CHIPs are the early production run versions https://bbs.nextthing.co/t/3d-acceleration-for-c-h-i-p-improved-web-flasher-and-alpha-c-h-i-p-s-are-back/11402
2016-11-16T17:48:07 <colinclark> aha
2016-11-16T17:48:12 <simonjb> I don\'t know exactly the difference
2016-11-16T17:48:34 <colinclark> so probably not the best idea to buy a 10-pack of those instead of a bunch of regular CHIPs a la carte?
2016-11-16T17:49:04 <simonjb> yeah, I think regular CHIPs would be better
2016-11-16T17:49:10 <colinclark> ok
2016-11-16T17:49:39 <simonjb> colinclark: cases are probably also worth getting ($2)
2016-11-16T17:51:44 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T17:52:08 * Kobi joined the channel
2016-11-16T17:52:16 * David123_ joined the channel
2016-11-16T17:55:24 * gtirloni has quit
2016-11-16T17:57:55 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-16T18:14:50 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-16T18:25:38 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-16T18:29:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T18:30:02 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T18:30:24 * michelled has quit
2016-11-16T18:31:57 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-16T18:49:31 * michelled has quit
2016-11-16T18:50:31 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-16T18:50:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T18:50:56 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-16T18:56:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-16T18:56:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-16T19:03:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for looking over my docs PRs. I\'ll look into addressing your comments there
2016-11-16T19:03:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: could you also take a look at my fluid-publish PR https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/5
2016-11-16T19:04:13 * stegru has quit
2016-11-16T19:04:39 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no worries, yes I had fluid-publish on my mind for a while but I was waiting for the next opportunity where I needed to use it in order to test it out ....
2016-11-16T19:04:42 <Bosmon> Somehow this hasn\'t come up so far
2016-11-16T19:05:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah, too bad, I had to push a dev release a couple weeks or so ago..
2016-11-16T19:06:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we\'ll need it for publishing the infusion 2.0 release. I\'m not sure that would be the best time for testing the fluid-publish, but it\'s an option.
2016-11-16T19:06:04 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-16T19:06:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what will it do for us on the 2.0 release?
2016-11-16T19:06:30 <Justin_o> Publish the release to NPM
2016-11-16T19:06:31 <Bosmon> Wouldn\'t we simply run "npm publish"?
2016-11-16T19:06:35 <Justin_o> we could
2016-11-16T19:07:05 <Justin_o> i\'m trying to remember now if it does anything extra for those types of releases
2016-11-16T19:08:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it also handles the tag creation and pushing to the project repo.
2016-11-16T19:08:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so not a lot more
2016-11-16T19:08:12 <Bosmon> ok
2016-11-16T19:09:30 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T19:10:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m in the process of updating the Release Notes.. is there anything else important that you can think of that we should add to the What\'s New section.. i think this is something we came up with a while ago https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/What%27s+New+in+Infusion+2.0
2016-11-16T19:12:45 <Bosmon> There\'s https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5903 and https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5949
2016-11-16T19:12:52 <Bosmon> Which are pretty big
2016-11-16T19:13:27 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-16T19:13:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2016-11-16T19:13:55 <Bosmon> And https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5824 and all the other things identified in http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/Priorities.html
2016-11-16T19:14:14 <Bosmon> In general widespread use of priorities is new and big since we drew up that "what\'s new" list > 1 year ago
2016-11-16T19:14:23 <Bosmon> DOCS, of course, are new :)
2016-11-16T19:15:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i had misread the date as Sep 2016
2016-11-16T19:16:17 * danayo has quit
2016-11-16T19:20:32 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-16T19:24:02 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-16T19:31:33 * simonjb has quit
2016-11-16T19:32:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T19:35:16 <michelled> fluid-everyone: we will start our mob programming community meeting soon
2016-11-16T19:35:55 <clown> michelled, sadly, I\'m going to take a pass today. :-(
2016-11-16T19:37:12 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-16T19:39:14 <alanharnum> code repo for workshop: https://github.com/waharnum/pair-programming-meeting
2016-11-16T20:02:27 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-16T20:07:09 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-16T20:07:15 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-11-16T20:08:52 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-16T20:09:55 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-16T20:16:59 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-11-16T20:33:46 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-16T20:34:14 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-16T20:34:15 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-16T20:40:26 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-11-16T20:45:05 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-16T20:46:45 <danayo> hi gtirloni: a volunteer was trying to join fluid standup room as a guest, with the client already installed on a desktop (Windows 10) - but it\xe2\x80\x99s not recognizing the client and prompts him to download/sends him to app store - any advice?
2016-11-16T20:53:11 <Jess_> gtirloni: it was that windows 10 looping behaviour where it was prompting for download
2016-11-16T20:54:45 * clown1 joined the channel
2016-11-16T20:55:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-16T21:02:34 * michelled has quit
2016-11-16T21:02:53 * simonjb has quit
2016-11-16T21:04:02 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T21:04:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T21:04:30 * danayo has quit
2016-11-16T21:04:47 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-16T21:12:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T21:14:05 <gtirloni> Jess_, i don\'t remember that behavior.. maybe a firewall / antivirus was blocking something?
2016-11-16T21:14:32 <gtirloni> Jess_, usually anyone could join through vidyoweb (or even webrtc now)
2016-11-16T21:14:42 <gtirloni> Jess_, they shouldn\'t be prompted to install vidyodesktop
2016-11-16T21:14:59 <gtirloni> but i see the desktop client was already installed..
2016-11-16T21:15:07 <Jess_> yes
2016-11-16T21:15:21 <Jess_> this was that loops of endless go install what you\xe2\x80\x99ve already installed that we saw on some windows 10
2016-11-16T21:24:27 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2016-11-16T21:26:33 * gtirloni has quit
2016-11-16T21:29:08 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-16T21:38:30 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-11-16T21:49:46 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-16T21:54:41 * danayo has quit
2016-11-16T21:56:41 <colinclark> simonjb: I can\'t remember if I already pasted you this, but here is the repository I\'m working in: https://github.com/colinbdclark/flocking-midi/tree/gh-1
2016-11-16T21:57:00 <colinclark> you can, if you\'re curious, try this demo: https://github.com/colinbdclark/flocking-midi/tree/gh-1/packages/node_modules/flocking-midi-web/demos/list-ports
2016-11-16T21:57:05 <colinclark> which simply lists ports in a web page
2016-11-16T21:57:19 <colinclark> I\'ll make a Node version of this too, by implementing a different "portsView" component
2016-11-16T21:57:27 * kavya has quit
2016-11-16T21:57:31 <simonjb> that\'s great, thanks colinclark
2016-11-16T21:57:39 <colinclark> right now, it\'s unlikley that you can actually connect to any ports yet
2016-11-16T21:57:46 <colinclark> but slow and steady progress
2016-11-16T22:00:34 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-11-16T22:01:11 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-16T22:02:08 * clown1 has quit
2016-11-16T22:02:20 * jhung has quit
2016-11-16T22:05:05 * cindyli has quit
2016-11-16T22:06:51 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T22:10:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T22:16:50 * simonjb has quit
2016-11-16T22:22:20 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-16T22:22:22 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-16T22:23:08 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-16T22:23:10 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-16T22:23:56 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-16T22:23:59 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-16T22:24:44 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-16T22:24:46 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-16T22:25:32 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-16T22:25:34 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-11-16T22:26:20 * yzen is now known as yzen_
'

b"2016-11-16T00:01:47 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T01:19:05 * kavya has quit
2016-11-16T01:59:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T02:04:37 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T02:22:50 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-16T02:27:14 * yzen has quit
2016-11-16T04:02:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T04:21:45 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-16T04:22:11 * danayo has quit
2016-11-16T05:00:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-16T05:04:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T05:06:50 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-16T05:06:56 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-16T05:09:44 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T06:06:54 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-11-16T06:11:24 * yzen_ has quit
2016-11-16T06:49:18 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-16T06:53:45 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-16T07:06:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T07:47:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-16T07:48:31 * amatas joined the channel
2016-11-16T08:08:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-16T08:22:22 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-16T08:23:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-16T08:37:47 * kasparnet has quit
2016-11-16T08:46:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-11-16T09:08:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T09:13:01 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T10:10:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T10:15:04 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T10:23:53 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-11-16T10:23:54 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-16T11:03:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-16T11:03:26 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-11-16T11:12:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T12:14:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T12:17:27 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-16T12:17:31 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-11-16T12:19:16 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T12:34:43 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-16T12:36:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-16T13:15:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T13:19:01 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-16T13:19:57 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T13:22:13 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-11-16T13:32:43 * yzen joined the channel
2016-11-16T13:47:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-16T13:54:59 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-11-16T13:55:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-16T14:12:15 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-16T14:12:17 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-11-16T14:14:34 <Justin_o> jhung, alanharn_, cindyli: would you be able to help finish the uploader testing and smoke testing. There are only 3 open tasks left, and I'm hoping to get those done this morning. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yFJotFr4_HJhNK-kwAxjE4gCozJYu48xIIjkA91gloU/edit?usp=sharing
2016-11-16T14:14:58 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2016-11-16T14:15:00 <alanharn_> Justin_o: I'm just heading into the office now, but can take those on when I'm in
2016-11-16T14:15:07 <alanharn_> I've got some of the uploader testing done in Edge
2016-11-16T14:15:29 * alanharn_ has quit
2016-11-16T14:15:37 <Justin_o> alanharn_: ah okay, i'll mark you down for the Edge testing
2016-11-16T14:18:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T14:22:44 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T14:24:51 <Justin_o> gtirloni: do you know if there is a generic fluid or IDRC google docs space?
2016-11-16T14:25:03 <Justin_o> Jess_: ^
2016-11-16T14:25:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-16T14:25:20 <gtirloni> afaik, no.. but i'm not sure
2016-11-16T14:25:23 <Jess_> Justin_o: like a folder?
2016-11-16T14:25:33 <Jess_> a shared folder?
2016-11-16T14:25:41 <Jess_> not that i know of
2016-11-16T14:26:08 <Jess_> there are folders for specific events or projects e.g. P4A has a google drive, DEEP had one
2016-11-16T14:26:18 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-16T14:26:39 <Jess_> gtirloni: hey, i was wondering about Vidyo the other day \xe2\x80\x94 has there been any movement with getting their offer of the next version in place?
2016-11-16T14:27:38 <gtirloni> Jess_: last update I got was that Vidyo would sent colinclark an email with some links to download them
2016-11-16T14:27:43 <Justin_o> gtirloni, Jess_: thanks.. i wonder if it would be worthwhile or if we have a space to store documents that we want to preserver. For example, I'd like to preserve the Infusion 2.0 testing tasks doc. I guess i could make it a wiki page or export it or something.
2016-11-16T14:28:15 <Jess_> Justin_o: this is that scary conversation about shared file management!
2016-11-16T14:28:47 <Jess_> Justin_o: we have dropbox, owncloud, google docs, GitHub, indiivdual HDs, and various wikis at any one time!
2016-11-16T14:30:14 <Jess_> colinclark: did Nicholas Reid from Vidyo ever get back to you with those links gtirloni is talking about?
2016-11-16T14:30:22 <Justin_o> Jess_: yes, that's true, it's more that i don't want to have to keep this file in my person github account for the rest of my life.. things like that
2016-11-16T14:30:45 <Jess_> Justin_o: yeah, in the past haven\xe2\x80\x99t your test docs lived in the wiki?
2016-11-16T14:33:42 <Justin_o> Jess_: yah, they used to. I stopped using it because people found it to hard to update as they tested, but it should be fine for an archive of sorts.
2016-11-16T14:34:27 <gtirloni> we might be eligible for this https://www.google.com/nonprofits/products/apps-for-nonprofits.html (30GB per user).. ocad may have this already.
2016-11-16T14:34:32 <Jess_> i like that idea Justin_o because your tests are so damned well written. i refer folks to them as a great example of on-boarding :P
2016-11-16T14:34:48 * simonjb has quit
2016-11-16T14:35:00 <Justin_o> Jess_: thanks jess :)
2016-11-16T14:35:11 <Jess_> gtirloni: 30GB ain\xe2\x80\x99t bad \xe2\x80\x94 isn\xe2\x80\x99t dropbox 20?
2016-11-16T14:35:55 <gtirloni> i think dropbox is 2? i haven't used it in a while
2016-11-16T14:36:06 <Justin_o> Jess_: also, i really just meant the task google doc that i had. I want users to be able to go back and see how we tested in more detail. that is which browser/OS we used for each tasks. In the past I've just cleared that out of the wiki after each run, but i'm going to try to keep it up this time.
2016-11-16T14:37:02 <Jess_> gtirloni: a number that includes 2 \xe2\x80\x94 i think you\xe2\x80\x99re probably right!
2016-11-16T14:37:14 <Justin_o> Jess_, gtirloni: i think the free account is 2GB to start, but  some people have more for free through promotions that they've had over the years. For example, my dropbox is 8GB
2016-11-16T14:37:29 <gtirloni> ah got it
2016-11-16T14:38:26 <gtirloni> office 365 is 1TB
2016-11-16T14:40:43 <gtirloni> i think this is a larger conversation we may have in the future.. as it involves changing many tools (these non-profit packages even include email)
2016-11-16T14:42:53 <Justin_o> wow 1TB
2016-11-16T14:50:16 * avtar joined the channel
2016-11-16T14:50:43 <cindyli> Justin_o: rich inline edit appends the tooltip content of the edit link to the bottom of the page - http://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/tests/manual-tests/components/inlineEdit/rich/
2016-11-16T14:51:05 <cindyli> i don't find a jira for this and going to create a new one
2016-11-16T14:51:26 <cindyli> in case you know any related jira
2016-11-16T14:51:56 <Justin_o> cindyli: i think alan found that earlier.. let me see if it's filed
2016-11-16T14:53:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5991?jql=project%20%3D%20FLUID%20AND%20status%20in%20(Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened)%20AND%20text%20~%20%22log%22
2016-11-16T14:53:48 <Justin_o> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5991
2016-11-16T14:54:12 <cindyli> nice. thanks, Justin_o
2016-11-16T14:54:38 <Justin_o> cindyli: np
2016-11-16T14:57:02 * clown joined the channel
2016-11-16T14:57:42 <colinclark> Justin_o: If you're looking for a place to archive our various project resources, I'd recommend using our owncloud instance, rather than a third-party sharing site\xe2\x80\x94you shouldn't have any trouble creating a public, shared folder and linking it to the wiki.
2016-11-16T14:58:08 <colinclark> Jess_: Karl Hermann from Vidyo did reach out to me late last week while I was at Amazon, I'll just have a look to see what he said
2016-11-16T15:00:08 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-16T15:00:09 <Justin_o> colinclark: i want to add a link to it in the Infusion 2.0 release notes... so want something that's stable... in this case i might just use the wiki, or maybe even just put an archive of the chart in the release notes itself.. still thinking about it.. but thanks for the suggestion about ownCloud
2016-11-16T15:01:07 <gtirloni> fyi: github outage -- https://status.github.com/messages
2016-11-16T15:01:09 <colinclark> If it's something that you think should be part of the documentation, I'd recommend not splitting off from our core infrastructure\xe2\x80\x94the wiki and JIRA. The risk is that it's much more likely to be lost in the shuffle in the long run
2016-11-16T15:01:12 * kavya joined the channel
2016-11-16T15:03:54 <Justin_o> colinclark: true, kind of why i'm also thinking of just putting it in the release notes itself, but the table may be too big to reasonably fit there, so the wiki may make the most sense
2016-11-16T15:04:27 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks for the update.. i hope it's resolved quickly
2016-11-16T15:05:09 <colinclark> Putting it in the release notes doesn't seem like a bad idea at all, especially if you can find a way to express it compactly
2016-11-16T15:06:39 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks, i'll see what i can do... having these as markdown files at least makes this easier.
2016-11-16T15:08:17 <Jess_> gtirloni: someone on Twitter just called the outage a snow day for developers lol
2016-11-16T15:09:15 <clown> Hey jhernandez, if you have a moment, can you explain how the mockDeviceReporters are affect by the config files?
2016-11-16T15:11:00 <clown> after asking the question, I think I found a clue in you latest pull.
2016-11-16T15:11:15 <clown> in here:  https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/407/files#diff-a4caabb890440001f5854a565fa4a2ff
2016-11-16T15:19:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T15:21:03 <colinclark> gtirloni and Jess_, I've shared an owncloud folder with you both containing the Neo clients. Karl said we're free to use these clients amongst our immediate group of IDRC researchers. He recommended that we don't upload it to our portal so that users will continue to be given the current client by default. We don't have support for Neo from Vidyo.
2016-11-16T15:22:55 <avtar> gtirloni, Justin_o: looks like the github outage issues have been resolved
2016-11-16T15:24:02 <gtirloni> colinclark: thanks!
2016-11-16T15:24:11 <gtirloni> avtar Jess_: snow day is over !
2016-11-16T15:24:14 <Justin_o> avtar: so we don't get our snow day :(
2016-11-16T15:24:58 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-16T15:35:14 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-16T15:39:46 <Jess_> Justin_o: gtirloni: avtar: i\xe2\x80\x99m ok with the no snow part
2016-11-16T15:41:04 <Justin_o> Jess_: It's getting to that point of the year, where I'm actually looking forward to some snow.
2016-11-16T15:44:54 <Jess_> Justin_o: tbh there\xe2\x80\x99s xmas music in our place RIGHT NOW
2016-11-16T15:45:31 <Justin_o> Jess_: awesome!! :)
2016-11-16T15:46:44 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-16T15:59:20 <simonjb> Justin_o: https://getchip.com/pages/chip
2016-11-16T16:01:19 * stegru joined the channel
2016-11-16T16:02:25 <jhernandez> clown: hey! sorry, I was in a meeting (and about to join into another one)
2016-11-16T16:04:20 <jhernandez> if you have time we can talk later, I've been taking a look at your pull, doing some tests and I want to share my thoughts with you
2016-11-16T16:06:07 <clown> jhernandez, okay, but I have meetings this afternoon (in this time zone).
2016-11-16T16:06:27 <jhernandez> okay
2016-11-16T16:06:31 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-11-16T16:06:52 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-11-16T16:06:59 <clown> and no problem that you missed my question earlier.
2016-11-16T16:07:09 <clown> we all have meetings.
2016-11-16T16:08:06 * avtar has quit
2016-11-16T16:09:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-16T16:11:35 <Justin_o> jhung: just saw this issue you filed, https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6076
2016-11-16T16:11:47 <Justin_o> is that true in all demos or just with the uploader. I feel like we should have caught that before
2016-11-16T16:12:30 <jhung> yeah Justin_o. I tested it with the Metadata Editor demo too. I can try others.
2016-11-16T16:13:17 <Justin_o> jhung: i'm going to try to reproduce that here as well
2016-11-16T16:14:06 <jhung> hmmm Justin_o. It may be working now. Testing some more (between testing I did apply the Anniversary Update to my Windows 10 install)
2016-11-16T16:14:14 <Justin_o> jhung: i'm able to close the overview panel with the asterisks button on the surface pro using MS Edge
2016-11-16T16:14:40 <Justin_o> jhung:  ah, that could be it.. I'm using that newer version of Win 10
2016-11-16T16:15:22 <jhung> Yeah It seems the anniversary update may have fixed something. It works now in the demos I've tested. I'll close that one now Justin_o
2016-11-16T16:15:52 <simonjb> alanharnum: https://github.com/simonbates/nexus-demos/blob/master/docs/NexusOnCHIP.md
2016-11-16T16:32:03 * alanharnum has quit
"

