b'2016-03-17T16:25:47 <colinclark> :)
2016-03-17T16:25:51 <colinclark> who knows? maybe it\'s a terrible idea
2016-03-17T16:25:52 <gloob> start short and easy
2016-03-17T16:25:53 <colinclark> but worth a shot
2016-03-17T16:25:55 <colinclark> yep
2016-03-17T16:25:56 <colinclark> exactly
2016-03-17T16:26:01 <colinclark> this is what I\'ve found with most community infrastructure
2016-03-17T16:26:05 <colinclark> people want to partition
2016-03-17T16:26:12 <colinclark> and then you have all this fragmentation and confusion
2016-03-17T16:26:16 <colinclark> the GPII mailing lists are an example of this
2016-03-17T16:26:22 <gloob> exactly
2016-03-17T16:26:25 <colinclark> Gregg devised a whole funny ontology for all these mailing lists
2016-03-17T16:26:37 <colinclark> the reality is there is only one or two that are active
2016-03-17T16:26:39 <gloob> and at the end people use just one
2016-03-17T16:26:41 <colinclark> yup
2016-03-17T16:26:46 <gloob> agree
2016-03-17T16:26:47 <colinclark> so I figure you split once you have a problem
2016-03-17T16:26:47 <gloob> ok, thanks
2016-03-17T16:26:55 <gloob> we will do that
2016-03-17T16:26:57 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-17T16:27:03 <colinclark> because then you can see a map of the territory a bit more clearly, once you have a problem
2016-03-17T16:27:04 <gloob> yipi!
2016-03-17T16:27:04 <colinclark> ok, great
2016-03-17T16:27:18 <gloob> this cost me a week thinking about this
2016-03-17T16:27:33 <gloob> I go from MAKE A PROJECT FOR ALL to just USE ONE
2016-03-17T16:27:38 <gloob> s/go/went
2016-03-17T16:29:41 <colinclark> hahaha
2016-03-17T16:29:41 <colinclark> yes
2016-03-17T16:29:50 <colinclark> these decisions are often tricky
2016-03-17T16:30:12 <gloob> (\xe2\x95\xaf\xc2\xb0\xe2\x96\xa1\xc2\xb0\xef\xbc\x89\xe2\x95\xaf\xef\xb8\xb5 \xe2\x94\xbb\xe2\x94\x81\xe2\x94\xbb
2016-03-17T16:31:40 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-17T16:32:12 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-17T16:33:18 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-17T16:33:39 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2016-03-17T16:34:12 <colinclark> :)
2016-03-17T16:36:33 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-17T16:38:47 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-17T16:39:39 * michelled has quit
2016-03-17T16:41:10 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-17T16:45:36 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T17:06:06 <alanharnum> gloob: \xe2\x94\xac\xe2\x94\x80\xe2\x94\x80\xe2\x94\xac\xef\xbb\xbf \xc2\xaf\\_(\xe3\x83\x84)
2016-03-17T17:06:21 <gloob> alanharnum: thank you buddy!
2016-03-17T17:06:30 <alanharnum> no problem bro!
2016-03-17T17:08:08 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-17T17:08:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: check this out https://twitter.com/mrrrgn/status/710250932764672001?cn=ZmxleGlibGVfcmVjc18y&refsrc=email Can we do something like that for error messages in Infusion.
2016-03-17T17:10:00 * nrda has quit
2016-03-17T17:22:13 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-17T17:22:50 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-17T17:30:55 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-17T17:31:36 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-17T17:32:15 * michelled has quit
2016-03-17T17:33:33 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-17T17:33:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T18:06:32 * clown_mtg has quit
2016-03-17T18:11:42 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-17T18:13:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T18:14:19 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-03-17T18:18:27 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T18:25:44 * michelled has quit
2016-03-17T18:28:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-17T18:36:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T18:39:23 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-03-17T18:42:28 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-17T18:47:40 * Ng3a has quit
2016-03-17T18:53:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-17T18:56:19 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-17T19:03:37 * nrda joined the channel
2016-03-17T19:04:58 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-03-17T19:19:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-17T19:30:39 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T19:31:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T19:36:13 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-17T19:36:19 * michelled has quit
2016-03-17T19:42:59 <nrda> @Justin_o: I have updated the commit log in PR for FLUID-4770, can you have a look at it
2016-03-17T19:50:19 <Justin_o> nrda: okay
2016-03-17T19:55:33 <Justin_o> nrda: the commit logs look better
2016-03-17T19:56:40 <Justin_o> nrda: could you fix up the commit logs you have for your other pull requests too?
2016-03-17T19:57:23 <nrda> @Justin_o: ok i will fix them too
2016-03-17T19:59:11 <Justin_o> nrda: thanks
2016-03-17T20:04:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-17T20:15:26 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-17T20:16:29 * gloob has quit
2016-03-17T20:18:33 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-17T20:18:53 * simonjb has quit
2016-03-17T20:19:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T20:20:22 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-17T20:28:56 * anvk has quit
2016-03-17T20:33:20 * amanvar joined the channel
2016-03-17T20:35:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T20:40:01 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-17T20:42:41 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-17T20:45:22 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-17T20:50:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T20:50:40 <amanvar> I am making proposal for "Game for First Discovery of Preferences ". From the project idea I understand that, we have to design a game/game-like-tool in which user can choose what type of environment He/She wants to play the game. Eg. He/She may select low brightness or high brightness, low voice/hi
2016-03-17T20:51:13 <amanvar> low voice/high voice etc. Can anyone tell me, which type of  game we have to design for "Game for First Discovery of Preferences" project? If I am wrong at any point please correct me. Feedback welcome.
2016-03-17T20:53:56 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-17T20:59:53 * jessm has quit
2016-03-17T21:00:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T21:07:56 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-17T21:13:03 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-17T21:27:57 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T21:28:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T21:28:39 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T21:37:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T21:39:34 * gtirloni has quit
2016-03-17T21:44:44 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-17T21:51:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T21:58:19 * Blagoj joined the channel
2016-03-17T21:59:43 <Blagoj> Hello all
2016-03-17T22:02:50 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-17T22:04:23 * michelled has quit
2016-03-17T22:12:09 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-03-17T22:12:16 * Jess_ has quit
2016-03-17T22:13:51 * Blagoj has quit
2016-03-17T22:34:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T22:38:25 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T23:02:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T23:05:36 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-17T23:06:10 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-17T23:10:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T23:10:57 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-17T23:12:42 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-17T23:13:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-17T23:14:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T23:15:06 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T23:18:03 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-17T23:18:15 * amatas has quit
2016-03-17T23:45:57 * gloob has quit
2016-03-17T23:46:07 * amanvar has quit
'

b'2016-03-17T15:13:46 * akshay_ has quit
2016-03-17T15:15:44 <Justin_o> simonjb: do you know of a pull request to infusion that you\'ve commented on?
2016-03-17T15:15:57 <Justin_o> i want to check something in the github interface
2016-03-17T15:16:27 <simonjb> Justin_o: looking...
2016-03-17T15:16:40 * sgithens has quit
2016-03-17T15:16:54 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks
2016-03-17T15:17:09 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:17:13 * sgithens has quit
2016-03-17T15:17:57 <simonjb> Justin_o: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/487
2016-03-17T15:18:22 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks
2016-03-17T15:18:37 <Justin_o> i\'m trying to figure out how people get the "fluid-project member" badge
2016-03-17T15:18:45 <Justin_o> which i hand\'t noticed before today
2016-03-17T15:19:04 <Justin_o> oh maybe you just have to be on any of the teams
2016-03-17T15:19:04 <simonjb> ah, interesting
2016-03-17T15:19:13 <Justin_o> i see that you\'re on the Contributors team and alan is on the ops.
2016-03-17T15:19:22 <Justin_o> alanharnum ^
2016-03-17T15:21:45 * danayo has quit
2016-03-17T15:23:03 <Justin_o> colinclark: i think i might have to do some github teams cleanup at some point on our repos
2016-03-17T15:23:39 <Justin_o> sorry, our github space, mostly to make sure we have all our contributors listed, but there is a contributors page in github, so maybe i should drop that team
2016-03-17T15:23:47 <gloob> Justin_o: gpii or fluid or they are the same?
2016-03-17T15:23:53 <alanharnum> it\'s not as glamorous here in the ops team mebbe
2016-03-17T15:23:54 <PaliwalSparsh> @danayo Thanks
2016-03-17T15:23:55 <alanharnum> but we\'ve got our pride
2016-03-17T15:24:00 <gloob> by the way, yesterday appeared this in my radar https://app.devspace.io/
2016-03-17T15:24:04 <Justin_o> gloob: sorry, fluid.. and they are different
2016-03-17T15:24:09 <gloob> nice, but you cannot track a group
2016-03-17T15:24:20 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:24:31 <gloob> Justin_o: well, by inertia is good to cleanup gpii or review it too :-D
2016-03-17T15:25:02 <gloob> it\'s pretty overhelming for a newcomer I guess
2016-03-17T15:25:36 <gloob> at least some guide about what is what or describing in hierarchical level or so
2016-03-17T15:25:56 <gloob> Justin_o: and no sorries, just asking by curiosity
2016-03-17T15:26:08 <PaliwalSparsh> @Justin_o I was asking where should I store the preferences, normally in the preference framework we save it to the cookie and it is implemented in all the following pages. Can you give me some light on this.
2016-03-17T15:28:53 <Justin_o> gloob: wish you were at our community meeting yesterday... we talked about this kind of stuff but specifically for fluid. Seems that we have similar issues though for newcomers.
2016-03-17T15:29:21 <gloob> Justin_o: sure, I saw the meeting notes of that meeting, pretty the same
2016-03-17T15:29:29 <gloob> in fact I think we are replicating the model, right?
2016-03-17T15:29:47 <gloob> between fluid and gpii, and makes sense to improve one model
2016-03-17T15:30:24 <gloob> in example, github + jira is good and bad at the same time, we need some process about what belongs where or something like that
2016-03-17T15:30:44 <gloob> yes, pretty similar :-D
2016-03-17T15:30:48 <Justin_o> gloob: right, yes lots of things like that are very similar
2016-03-17T15:31:27 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-17T15:39:56 * livus_ has quit
2016-03-17T15:41:02 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-17T15:42:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:42:35 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:47:52 * Awesome_A_ has quit
2016-03-17T15:50:32 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:50:53 <Justin_o> gtirloni: for the new viking pad we host, are we expecting the pads to live forever, or should i transfer the contents to a wiki page?
2016-03-17T15:51:22 <gtirloni> we\'re backing them up but i would consider them somewhat ephemeral
2016-03-17T15:51:54 <gtirloni> the etherpad platform doesn\'t seem like a good platform to keep long living docs, imho
2016-03-17T15:52:56 <gloob> nope
2016-03-17T15:53:03 <gloob> a whiteboard
2016-03-17T15:53:06 * akshay joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:53:07 <gloob> BUT
2016-03-17T15:53:21 <gloob> I found that you can create folders and store there the notepads
2016-03-17T15:53:34 <gloob> but I also see it weak, TBH
2016-03-17T15:54:16 <Justin_o> gtirloni, gloom: thanks, i\'ll transfer it out to the wiki
2016-03-17T15:55:08 <akshay> Justin_o : I have improved a lot upon the gameplay that I have suggested earlier , you and @danayo would surely like this. I am including this all in the proposal and would be uploading the draft proposal by tomorrow.
2016-03-17T15:55:57 <Justin_o> akshay: excellent, thanks... looking forward to seeing it
2016-03-17T16:02:08 <akshay> justin_o :)
2016-03-17T16:06:26 <gloob> colinclark: are you around?
2016-03-17T16:07:30 <akshay> justin_o: Nice to see that you liked my idea of the dashboard thing that I proposed earlier.
2016-03-17T16:10:39 <colinclark> gloob: Half around, yes
2016-03-17T16:10:52 <nrda> @cindyli: current UI option tool doesnot have a gpii syncing functionality. Am i right
2016-03-17T16:11:53 <cindyli> nrda: a gpii syncing feature is currently under development. it would be the next step of UIO. so it would great that you can keep that in mind with your design
2016-03-17T16:12:27 <gloob> colinclark: last week I though that to have a separated jira project for "Projects" (in fact, I created it https://issues.gpii.net/projects/GP/issues) was a good idea. But along this week I started to think that is crazy.
2016-03-17T16:12:29 <gloob> In example
2016-03-17T16:12:59 <gloob> we have three kinds of projects, in my opinion. "Windows Installer", "PCP-Simple" and "APCP consolidation or just APCP"
2016-03-17T16:13:10 <colinclark> Yeah
2016-03-17T16:13:11 <gloob> maybe "windows installer" is more near of core
2016-03-17T16:13:14 <gloob> than the others
2016-03-17T16:13:17 <colinclark> I think I agree with you about the general craziness :)
2016-03-17T16:13:30 <gloob> and specially "APCP" is far away, it\'s a packaging of what we have
2016-03-17T16:13:31 <colinclark> My sense is that JIRA should largely be divided based on "user experience"
2016-03-17T16:13:44 <colinclark> i.e. that projects should be a holistic view of a particular product or tool or system
2016-03-17T16:13:45 <gloob> so
2016-03-17T16:13:56 <gloob> let\'s discuss it
2016-03-17T16:14:08 <gloob> ok
2016-03-17T16:14:12 <gloob> BUT
2016-03-17T16:14:26 <gloob> I agree with the "user experience" grouping
2016-03-17T16:14:29 <colinclark> I think the way you set up a new project for user stories, for example, makes sense
2016-03-17T16:14:30 <colinclark> yes
2016-03-17T16:14:34 <gloob> but it\'s pretty hard to package it
2016-03-17T16:14:37 <colinclark> exactly
2016-03-17T16:14:38 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-17T16:14:42 <colinclark> why is it hard?
2016-03-17T16:14:53 <gloob> so you create a new project for APCP in example?
2016-03-17T16:14:53 <nrda> @cinydli: thanks for the information
2016-03-17T16:14:59 <colinclark> No
2016-03-17T16:15:01 <gloob> and for windows installer another one?
2016-03-17T16:15:04 <colinclark> I\'d say the project IS the GPII
2016-03-17T16:15:09 <colinclark> and the Windows Installer is a component of the GPII
2016-03-17T16:15:12 <gloob> have them in the projects project
2016-03-17T16:15:17 <gloob> yes
2016-03-17T16:15:21 <gloob> that is pretty clear
2016-03-17T16:15:29 <clown> cindyli: FYI, gloob is Alejandro.
2016-03-17T16:15:30 <gloob> but as I said not so clear with APCP project
2016-03-17T16:15:32 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2016-03-17T16:15:33 <gloob> in example
2016-03-17T16:15:36 * clown waves a gloob.
2016-03-17T16:15:39 <colinclark> my sense is that "management JIRAs" probably work well in a separate project
2016-03-17T16:15:44 <colinclark> like we\'ve done with user stories
2016-03-17T16:15:49 <gloob> APCP will contain (serverbox, any gpii version and stuff over it)
2016-03-17T16:15:54 <gloob> clown: LOVE!
2016-03-17T16:16:03 <clown> gloob:  PEACE!
2016-03-17T16:16:05 <colinclark> I think we could separate out APCP-specifics
2016-03-17T16:16:10 <colinclark> which I imagine involve deployment details
2016-03-17T16:16:11 <colinclark> etc.
2016-03-17T16:16:20 <gloob> colinclark: yes, BUT at the end you create confusion with one project for management and another for technical
2016-03-17T16:16:31 <gloob> being the same project
2016-03-17T16:16:35 <colinclark> What I really don\'t want to have happen is that people have to jump across projects just to find out what the state of a system is
2016-03-17T16:16:44 <gloob> absolutely
2016-03-17T16:16:47 <colinclark> to have to know that, randomly, "Windows Installer" is a component of some other project
2016-03-17T16:16:49 <colinclark> not of "GPII"
2016-03-17T16:16:51 <gloob> we have enough fragmentation with tools
2016-03-17T16:16:53 <colinclark> yrs
2016-03-17T16:16:55 <colinclark> exactly
2016-03-17T16:17:04 <gloob> no more fragmentation INTO the tools
2016-03-17T16:17:05 <gloob> I agree
2016-03-17T16:17:12 <gloob> ok ok
2016-03-17T16:17:13 <gloob> so
2016-03-17T16:17:14 <gloob> then
2016-03-17T16:17:22 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-03-17T16:17:26 <gloob> we are going to start with main gpii jira project for windows installer
2016-03-17T16:17:37 <gloob> and probably I\'m going to create one jira project for apcp
2016-03-17T16:17:44 <gloob> I think both are in every side of the line
2016-03-17T16:17:56 <gloob> PCP-Simple is more hard to divide
2016-03-17T16:17:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-17T16:18:03 <gloob> is it core? is it projects?
2016-03-17T16:18:20 <gloob> s/every/each
2016-03-17T16:18:47 * clown has quit
2016-03-17T16:18:56 <gloob> one clown down
2016-03-17T16:23:39 <gloob> colinclark: like we\'ve done with user stories <- like which one?
2016-03-17T16:24:29 <colinclark> this thing, gloob https://issues.gpii.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=9&projectKey=UX
2016-03-17T16:24:47 <gloob> ah yes
2016-03-17T16:24:50 <gloob> but that one is clear
2016-03-17T16:25:00 <colinclark> Anyway, gloob, this "projects" vs. "core" distinction remains virtually meaningless
2016-03-17T16:25:06 <gloob> is a division by teams (UX, Stakeholders, Dev === GPII, etc..)
2016-03-17T16:25:06 <colinclark> and not worth trying to reinfoce
2016-03-17T16:25:08 <colinclark> reinforce
2016-03-17T16:25:09 * PaliwalSparsh1 joined the channel
2016-03-17T16:25:13 <gloob> yes
2016-03-17T16:25:14 <colinclark> I have a challenge for you:
2016-03-17T16:25:14 <gloob> well
2016-03-17T16:25:17 <gloob> you know
2016-03-17T16:25:23 <gloob> We are the development team
2016-03-17T16:25:26 <colinclark> try to use as few projects or "silos" as possible
2016-03-17T16:25:30 <colinclark> when it gets to be too much, then split
2016-03-17T16:25:35 <colinclark> there are good tools in JIRA for migrating
2016-03-17T16:25:42 <gloob> yes, that\'s my final decision
2016-03-17T16:25:46 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
'

b'2016-03-17T00:05:09 * gloob has quit
2016-03-17T00:10:10 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-03-17T00:22:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T00:27:07 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T00:46:16 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-17T00:54:53 * sgithens has quit
2016-03-17T01:46:48 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-17T01:51:33 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-17T02:05:40 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-17T02:08:02 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2016-03-17T02:08:15 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2016-03-17T02:10:03 * gloob has quit
2016-03-17T02:13:22 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-03-17T02:17:13 * Bosmon2 has quit
2016-03-17T02:17:28 * Bosmon joined the channel
2016-03-17T02:17:38 <sgithens> Bosmon!!
2016-03-17T02:53:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T02:57:33 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T03:35:25 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-17T03:41:03 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-17T03:54:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T03:59:04 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T04:06:31 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-17T04:10:53 * gloob has quit
2016-03-17T04:22:46 * sgithens has quit
2016-03-17T04:59:45 * jackp joined the channel
2016-03-17T05:01:39 * jackp has left the channel
2016-03-17T06:07:19 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-17T06:11:33 * gloob has quit
2016-03-17T07:11:27 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-17T07:16:03 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-17T07:19:00 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-17T07:56:45 * nrda joined the channel
2016-03-17T08:04:53 <nrda> @danayo: Hi danayo, are you free
2016-03-17T08:07:05 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-17T08:08:10 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-17T08:08:51 <nrda> @danayo: I have few queries regarding UI Options responsive design project
2016-03-17T08:11:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T08:11:37 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2016-03-17T08:12:34 * gloob has quit
2016-03-17T08:15:16 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T08:34:37 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-17T08:36:13 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-17T08:36:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-17T08:36:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-17T08:59:43 * amatas has quit
2016-03-17T09:00:07 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-17T09:04:03 * gabrielmancini has quit
2016-03-17T09:06:17 * Ng3a joined the channel
2016-03-17T09:07:15 * dash95 joined the channel
2016-03-17T09:19:24 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-17T09:26:47 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-17T09:42:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-17T10:00:57 * kasparne_ has quit
2016-03-17T10:01:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T10:06:52 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-17T10:09:00 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-17T10:13:48 * gloob has quit
2016-03-17T10:19:38 * Ng3a has quit
2016-03-17T10:42:51 * Ng3a joined the channel
2016-03-17T10:53:22 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-17T10:55:00 <gloob> morning
2016-03-17T10:55:56 * Ng3a has quit
2016-03-17T10:56:04 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-17T11:02:17 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-17T11:02:36 * nrda has quit
2016-03-17T11:13:14 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-17T11:22:07 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-17T11:24:12 * nrda joined the channel
2016-03-17T11:26:15 <PaliwalSparsh> @danayo Hi sorry that day I didnt respond back i didnt see, that did answer my question, danayo I saw that the description of project has been updated please can you tell me something about the dashboard...it was stated there that "This would enable users to measure and track data regarding their own performance in relation to the preferences they set". That is the dashboard would just tell the user about how many levels has he cleared and
2016-03-17T11:26:15 <PaliwalSparsh> what preferences he is presently using.
2016-03-17T11:52:22 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2016-03-17T11:54:28 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-03-17T12:18:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-03-17T12:18:43 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-17T12:25:36 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T12:35:52 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-17T12:40:35 * dash95 has quit
2016-03-17T12:44:54 <PaliwalSparsh> Justin_o : Including mockups images in project description, project description is exceeding the Maximum 3 page limit, is this flexible or should we try something else
2016-03-17T12:45:21 <PaliwalSparsh> **is the limit of maximum pages flexible
2016-03-17T12:48:53 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: sure, we can be flexible
2016-03-17T12:49:53 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-17T13:00:09 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-17T13:05:36 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-17T13:08:46 * jessm joined the channel
2016-03-17T13:12:16 <nrda> Justin_o : Are there any fixed template that need to follow while writing the proposal ? If there is were can I find that template
2016-03-17T13:12:50 <Justin_o> nrda: there\'s one at the bottom of our GSoC Org page https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/5729245854695424/
2016-03-17T13:13:37 <nrda> Justin_o : thanks for the help
2016-03-17T13:14:05 <Justin_o> np
2016-03-17T13:15:03 * anvk joined the channel
2016-03-17T13:15:42 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-17T13:28:07 * amatas has quit
2016-03-17T13:30:32 * yzen joined the channel
2016-03-17T13:34:53 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-17T13:39:55 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-17T13:40:17 <Awesome_A> cindyli: Hi
2016-03-17T13:40:29 <cindyli> hi Awesome_A
2016-03-17T13:40:44 <cindyli> what an awesome nickname!
2016-03-17T13:40:55 <Awesome_A> Thanks
2016-03-17T13:41:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-17T13:41:17 <gloob> Awesome_A: awesome!
2016-03-17T13:41:20 <gloob> A
2016-03-17T13:42:41 <Awesome_A> Hi gloob
2016-03-17T13:42:56 <Awesome_A> Hope everyone is doing well here
2016-03-17T13:51:22 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-17T13:52:57 * gloob has quit
2016-03-17T13:55:18 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-17T14:04:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:05:12 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:07:16 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-17T14:07:59 * akshay_ joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:09:38 <Awesome_A> colinclark: please which tool do you use to test live css on internet explorer?
2016-03-17T14:13:47 * gloob joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:17:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:17:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:19:39 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:23:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:28:11 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T14:31:14 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2016-03-17T14:33:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:37:22 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T14:41:21 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2016-03-17T14:41:37 * sgithens joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:44:19 <PaliwalSparsh> @Justin_o Do we need to work on the system to store those preferences like prefsServerIntegration
2016-03-17T14:45:18 <Justin_o> Awesome_A: You can use the IE 11 developer tools. If you don\'t have IE 11, you can grab a vm from modern.ie
2016-03-17T14:46:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:46:30 <Justin_o> PaliwalSparsh: well sort of, you could run your own instance for testing/development
2016-03-17T14:47:18 <colinclark> thanks Justin_o, good advice
2016-03-17T14:47:39 <Awesome_A> Thanks Justin_o
2016-03-17T14:48:27 <Justin_o> colinclark, Awesome_A: np
2016-03-17T14:51:21 * kasparnet has quit
2016-03-17T14:54:20 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-17T14:57:05 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-17T14:57:22 <clown> cindyli:  here\'s the link from the gpii wiki:  https://wiki.gpii.net/w/GPII_Architecture_Overview#Components_of_the_Architecture
2016-03-17T14:57:38 <cindyli> thanks, clown
2016-03-17T14:58:13 <simonjb> sepidehshahi: http://portal.teco.edu/dspace/?q=en/node/59
2016-03-17T15:00:39 * Awesome_A joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:03:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:03:27 * Awesome_A_ joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:04:30 <sepidehshahi> simonjb: http://dspace.teco.edu/en
2016-03-17T15:04:45 <danayo> PaliwalSparsh: about your dashboard question, that sounds right, clearing levels, or some other way to measure progress (scoring, etc) could be used
2016-03-17T15:04:58 * Awesome_A has quit
2016-03-17T15:07:18 <Justin_o> cindyli: I think this pull request is ready for more review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/675
2016-03-17T15:07:44 <Justin_o> cindyli: and we should try to talk to Bosmon about this one https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/676
2016-03-17T15:08:23 <simonjb> michelled: remember earlier in the week I was looking for the current Developer Space? It\'s here: http://dspace.teco.edu/en (thanks sepidehshahi !)
2016-03-17T15:08:41 <sepidehshahi> np:)
2016-03-17T15:09:06 <cindyli> exact, Justin_o
2016-03-17T15:09:11 <michelled> ah! thx simonjb
2016-03-17T15:10:05 * Ng3a joined the channel
2016-03-17T15:11:26 * livus_ joined the channel
'

