b"2015-07-27T22:21:35 <Bosmon> I'm just going to deal with Justin_o's pull request that he says fixes one of the issues
2015-07-27T22:21:49 <Bosmon> And write up a few JIRAs
2015-07-27T22:47:47 * colinclark has quit
2015-07-27T23:11:45 * murilocrivellari has quit
"

b'2015-07-27T20:19:24 * anvk has quit
2015-07-27T20:19:34 <clown> but only some of them.
2015-07-27T20:19:37 <colinclark> Cool. Are you an "invited expert?"
2015-07-27T20:19:40 * michelled has quit
2015-07-27T20:19:42 <clown> I am.
2015-07-27T20:19:44 <colinclark> awesome
2015-07-27T20:19:55 <colinclark> I\'m just reviewing a document about standardization and the GPII
2015-07-27T20:20:13 <colinclark> and you were left off that section, but I was pretty sure you were active in PF
2015-07-27T20:20:29 <clown> yes, I\'ve been active in PF since 2009.
2015-07-27T20:20:43 <colinclark> I thought so
2015-07-27T20:20:52 <clown> although I don\'t remember discussing GPII much in PF.
2015-07-27T20:21:01 <colinclark> thanks--you are getting much deserved credit in this very exciting and flashy report
2015-07-27T20:21:08 <clown> cool.
2015-07-27T20:21:12 <clown> thanks.
2015-07-27T20:21:35 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T20:22:21 <clown> colinclark:  if it matters, most of the intersection of GPII with W3C took place in the IndieUI working group.
2015-07-27T20:22:26 <clown> which I was  member of also.
2015-07-27T20:22:44 <clown> but, I don\'t want to mess things up now.
2015-07-27T20:22:48 <clown> just letting you know.
2015-07-27T20:24:36 <colinclark> Cool
2015-07-27T20:24:44 <colinclark> I\'ll make sure it\'s reflected in this document if it isn\'t already
2015-07-27T20:25:11 <clown> btw, did you enjoy Hamlet?  :-)
2015-07-27T20:25:38 <clown> I saw you in the distance yesterday, but there were a lot of people in between.
2015-07-27T20:25:56 <colinclark> zomg!
2015-07-27T20:26:01 <colinclark> I had no idea!
2015-07-27T20:26:03 <colinclark> I loved it
2015-07-27T20:26:07 <colinclark> what did you think?
2015-07-27T20:27:01 <clown> we thought it was great.
2015-07-27T20:27:39 <clown> alistair is something of an expert, and he was filling in the blanks for me.
2015-07-27T20:28:21 <colinclark> cool
2015-07-27T20:28:37 <colinclark> Sheepishly, I hadn\'t read it before, so it was all new to me
2015-07-27T20:28:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T20:28:42 <colinclark> but really good
2015-07-27T20:28:48 <colinclark> and nicely air conditioned
2015-07-27T20:28:50 <colinclark> :)
2015-07-27T20:29:08 <colinclark> clown: Do you attend the W3C cognitive accessibility WG meetings?
2015-07-27T20:29:13 <clown> I especially liked the way Polonius was played.  Yeah, I\'ve read bits and pieces, but had yet to see the whole thing at once.  It was mostly new to me.
2015-07-27T20:29:19 <colinclark> yes, Polonius was great
2015-07-27T20:29:28 <clown> Re:  W3C cognitive accessibility WG meetings.  No.
2015-07-27T20:29:33 <colinclark> ok, cool
2015-07-27T20:30:21 <clown> I\'ve attended a couple of W3C DPub meetings, but I don\'t know if that is a sub-group of PF or its own group.
2015-07-27T20:30:25 * clown checks.
2015-07-27T20:30:54 <clown> actually, I won\'t because I\'m not a member of that group if it is distinct from PF.
2015-07-27T20:31:14 <clown> I\'ve just been asked to advise them on a couple of occasions "how aria works".
2015-07-27T20:32:25 <colinclark> cool
2015-07-27T20:35:18 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-27T20:37:39 <Bosmon> colinclark - in terms of your D3 question, I suspect we\'ll be finding the following resource helpful: http://collaboradev.com/2014/03/18/d3-and-jquery-interoperability/
2015-07-27T20:49:36 <clown> colinclark:  I\'m leaving soon.  Do you need any more info from me for this GPII report?
2015-07-27T20:52:44 <simonjb> hey Bosmon, I\'m just looking at the merge policy for the modelComponent and I see that the policy for "model" is "preserve", which I think leads to fluid.model.mergeModel but I\'m having trouble understanding what that function does: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/Fluid.js#L1617 would you have a moment to explain it?
2015-07-27T20:53:19 <Bosmon> simonjb - it\'s probably not worth taking too much effort on this since all of this implementation will hopefully be destroyed within about a week anyway
2015-07-27T20:53:30 <simonjb> ah
2015-07-27T20:53:37 <Bosmon> It might make more sense for you to work against my framework pull and its corresponding docs pull
2015-07-27T20:53:51 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/591
2015-07-27T20:54:00 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-27T20:54:05 <simonjb> yes, good to know -- so your pull affects merge policies?
2015-07-27T20:54:06 <Bosmon> And https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/63
2015-07-27T20:54:41 <Bosmon> simonjb - the model handling idiom has been completely reformed, and the old ChangeApplier implementation is gone
2015-07-27T20:54:55 <Bosmon> And yes, the "preserve" merge policy has been abolished, together with the fluid.model.mergeModel implementation
2015-07-27T20:55:36 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon, I\'ll take a look at the new code
2015-07-27T20:55:42 <Bosmon> This, in theory, is the upside - the downside is that it becomes rather harder to describe what the new mergePolicy actually is, for modles
2015-07-27T20:55:43 <Bosmon> models
2015-07-27T20:56:09 <Bosmon> Under the new implementation, all the configuration that would result in a model specification is simply accumulated without merging, and handled specially by the new ChangeApplier
2015-07-27T20:56:32 <Bosmon> Since, for example, no "simple" policy could account for what the framework does when seeing a reference like model: {otherComponent}.model.field
2015-07-27T20:56:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-27T20:57:03 <Bosmon> The old framework was very simple-minded and would just copy the initial model reference over - which was straightforward, but not very helpful
2015-07-27T20:57:13 <Bosmon> The new framework will in addition set up a constraint relating the two model areas
2015-07-27T20:58:41 <simonjb> Bosmon: does your pull request affect merge policies of other components and properties or only model components?
2015-07-27T20:58:54 <Bosmon> It might be better just to leave the mergePolicy area blank for models, and just write a link to the "initial transaction" section of the new docs: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/63/files#diff-5625fd8b0a1ac91007b8cb9e3b6ddac6R35
2015-07-27T20:58:58 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T20:59:09 <Bosmon> simonjb - the changes are mostly related to handling of models
2015-07-27T20:59:19 <simonjb> ok, cool
2015-07-27T20:59:20 <Bosmon> There has been a change with respect to handling of "members" though
2015-07-27T20:59:43 <Bosmon> This is described under https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5668
2015-07-27T21:00:13 * clown has quit
2015-07-27T21:00:36 <Bosmon> Although I guess you could say that the improvements to "members" were mostly motivated by requirements for improvements in handling models
2015-07-27T21:02:54 <Bosmon> The simple description is - multiple entries in "members" in the old framework did not merge, and would usually end up with the last entry winning, perhaps together with some corruption - in the new framework they merge in the normal way
2015-07-27T21:02:55 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-27T21:04:03 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-27T21:05:31 <simonjb> Bosmon: meaning that if I have a grade with member foo and ancestor with member foo, I would get a merged foo object with properties from both grades? am I understanding?
2015-07-27T21:05:47 <Bosmon> simonjb - exactly, yes
2015-07-27T21:06:02 <Bosmon> the "old" (i.e. current) framework generally didn\'t handle this correctly
2015-07-27T21:06:32 * colinclark has quit
2015-07-27T21:06:35 <Bosmon> In fact, it would do generally appalling things, but luckily noone really noticed : P
2015-07-27T21:06:54 <Bosmon> One of the benefits of being able to fix things before we get larger numbers of users ...
2015-07-27T21:06:58 <simonjb> can you give me an example, out of interest?
2015-07-27T21:07:11 <Bosmon> simonjb - there\'s an example quoted in the JIRA from the preferences framework
2015-07-27T21:07:22 <Bosmon> It seems that noone had noticed the corruption
2015-07-27T21:07:28 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-27T21:07:36 <Bosmon> FLUID-5668
2015-07-27T21:07:53 <simonjb> I\'ll take a look, thanks
2015-07-27T21:07:55 <Bosmon> You can see two grades that were trying to collaborate on building a member named "initialModel"
2015-07-27T21:08:22 * jessm has quit
2015-07-27T21:08:57 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-27T21:09:02 <Bosmon> Actually one of the grades was using an options distribution rather than a literal grade, but the result would have been the same if the material had been written inline in the grade
2015-07-27T21:11:49 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-07-27T21:18:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T21:19:06 * michelled has quit
2015-07-27T21:47:52 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T21:51:05 * simonjb has quit
2015-07-27T22:09:26 <colinclark> Bosmon: jqUnit is such a revelation
2015-07-27T22:09:36 <colinclark> ultimately a minor one, but a revelation nonetheless
2015-07-27T22:10:05 <colinclark> in that I can now ensure that every test on every creative coding project I have made runs in both the browser and in Node.js
2015-07-27T22:10:20 <colinclark> once avtar gets TestEm support integrated, it will be even more awesome
2015-07-27T22:10:38 <colinclark> we can write a Grunt task that will run unit tests in every browser and in Node.js
2015-07-27T22:10:41 <colinclark> WITH ONE COMMAND
2015-07-27T22:12:00 <Bosmon> colinclark - I\'m glad it is working so well :)
2015-07-27T22:12:13 <colinclark> WITH ONE COMMAND
2015-07-27T22:12:14 <colinclark> not yet
2015-07-27T22:12:15 <colinclark> but some day
2015-07-27T22:12:21 <Bosmon> Although I guess the same could have happened with qunit via node-jqUnit too
2015-07-27T22:14:25 <colinclark> in what way?
2015-07-27T22:14:52 <Bosmon> Well, as we discussed, you could have included that just to get access to the QUnit namespaces via fluid.registerNamespace("QUnit")
2015-07-27T22:14:59 <colinclark> oh yes
2015-07-27T22:15:01 <Bosmon> And continued to write your tests in the QUnit style
2015-07-27T22:15:01 <colinclark> that\'s what I\'m doing :)
2015-07-27T22:15:06 <colinclark> Indeed I have
2015-07-27T22:15:19 <colinclark> Rewiring my brain will take much longer
2015-07-27T22:15:34 <colinclark> I have written thousands of tests over the past four years now using the (actual, expected, msg) order
2015-07-27T22:15:46 <Bosmon> I meant you could have kept your tests in the same style
2015-07-27T22:15:54 <colinclark> I did
2015-07-27T22:16:08 <colinclark> in osc.js, anyway
2015-07-27T22:16:44 <colinclark> I guess it was node-jqUnit I was celebrating :)
2015-07-27T22:16:49 <Bosmon> ah ok
2015-07-27T22:17:04 <Bosmon> Well that will be tough, I guess - perhaps people will accept infusion as a devDependency......
2015-07-27T22:17:15 <colinclark> yes, it\'s sort of fine
2015-07-27T22:17:27 <colinclark> except requiring them to dedupe Infusion
2015-07-27T22:17:29 <colinclark> which is horrendous
2015-07-27T22:17:35 <Bosmon> oh dear oh dear
2015-07-27T22:17:47 <colinclark> I should be able to add it an npm script
2015-07-27T22:18:00 <colinclark> once I figure out how to use the gpii grunt task
2015-07-27T22:18:10 <colinclark> how odd to go borrow a grunt task from the GPII
2015-07-27T22:18:18 <colinclark> to work around a "bug" in Infusion
2015-07-27T22:18:58 <colinclark> still, compared to node-qunit
2015-07-27T22:19:02 <colinclark> it\'s a relief
2015-07-27T22:19:13 <colinclark> node-qunit would simply fail with no error messages if it was misconfigured
2015-07-27T22:19:21 <colinclark> or was run in Node > 0.10 :P
2015-07-27T22:19:41 <Bosmon> Brilliant
2015-07-27T22:19:47 <Bosmon> Well, someday we\'ll have our new module loader
2015-07-27T22:19:54 <colinclark> that will be cool
2015-07-27T22:19:58 <Bosmon> Although I guess simply having releases of infusion will remove the requirement for the dedupe task
2015-07-27T22:20:15 <colinclark> indeed
2015-07-27T22:20:23 <colinclark> It\'s going to get very interesting
2015-07-27T22:20:33 <Bosmon> I\'ve just finished working through the team\'s failure reports for the manual tests
2015-07-27T22:20:35 <colinclark> in that one imagines that more frequent releases of Infusion should become the norm
2015-07-27T22:20:40 <colinclark> that\'s wonderful, Bosmon
2015-07-27T22:20:43 <Bosmon> So we can go around another round of that tomorrow
2015-07-27T22:20:46 <colinclark> Justin_o was asking about it earlier today
2015-07-27T22:21:04 <colinclark> I\'ll take a look at the new commits in your branch
2015-07-27T22:21:22 <Bosmon> I haven\'t committed yet (after fixing the tests)
2015-07-27T22:21:28 <colinclark> ah, ok
'

b'2015-07-27T06:04:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-27T08:27:45 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-27T10:57:31 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-27T10:58:57 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-27T11:06:40 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-07-27T12:15:26 * jhung joined the channel
2015-07-27T12:23:36 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-07-27T12:34:29 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-27T13:01:18 * jessm joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:01:39 * anvk joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:04:47 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:20:32 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:21:50 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:23:23 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:24:17 * slim___ joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:25:33 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:25:43 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-27T13:26:04 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:26:27 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-27T13:27:51 * slim__ has quit
2015-07-27T13:29:38 * slim___ has quit
2015-07-27T13:39:08 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:45:51 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:47:23 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:48:29 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:49:02 * slim___ joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:49:06 * slim___ has quit
2015-07-27T13:50:28 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-27T13:51:00 * clown joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:52:32 * slim__ has quit
2015-07-27T13:52:45 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:54:49 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-07-27T13:56:33 * slim__ has quit
2015-07-27T13:58:35 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-27T14:03:18 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-27T14:03:54 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-07-27T14:11:52 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-07-27T14:26:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:02:40 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:03:08 * michelled1 joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:04:30 * anastasiac has quit
2015-07-27T15:05:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:08:47 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T15:09:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:10:50 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-27T15:21:46 * cindyli has quit
2015-07-27T15:29:29 <michelled1> fluid-everyone: today\'s meeting is in the fluid-standup vidyo room again, not the collab room
2015-07-27T15:29:48 <colinclark> thanks, michelled1
2015-07-27T15:30:29 * michelled1 has quit
2015-07-27T15:43:24 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:43:27 * jessm has quit
2015-07-27T15:44:12 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:48:55 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:49:29 * michelled has quit
2015-07-27T15:49:47 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:55:27 * jhung1 joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:56:30 * jhung has quit
2015-07-27T15:57:38 * jhung joined the channel
2015-07-27T15:59:56 * jhung1 has quit
2015-07-27T16:21:00 * avtar joined the channel
2015-07-27T16:21:40 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-27T16:52:28 * colinclark has quit
2015-07-27T16:58:29 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-07-27T16:58:34 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-27T17:21:23 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-07-27T18:02:07 <simonjb> hi Bosmon, are you available for a question relating to documentation?
2015-07-27T18:02:22 <Bosmon> Hi there simonjb
2015-07-27T18:02:58 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-07-27T18:03:38 <simonjb> hey Bosmon, before I ask about docs, I haven\'t chatted to you yet since PPIG -- how did it go?
2015-07-27T18:03:45 <Bosmon> Hey simonjb - it was pretty good
2015-07-27T18:03:51 <simonjb> great
2015-07-27T18:04:08 <simonjb> good conversations after?
2015-07-27T18:04:09 <Bosmon> Clayton thought it had gone very well, although Alan later characterised my paper as "inscrutable" : P
2015-07-27T18:06:19 <simonjb> was it a big group of people?
2015-07-27T18:06:24 <Bosmon> About 20
2015-07-27T18:06:27 <Bosmon> Not terribly big
2015-07-27T18:08:25 <simonjb> what I wanted to ask you about was that I\'m thinking of adding a note on each option in https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/blob/master/src/documents/ComponentConfigurationOptions.md describing the merge policy for that option
2015-07-27T18:09:03 <Bosmon> simonjb - that sounds interesting
2015-07-27T18:09:04 <simonjb> to have a reference for looking up common options and their merging
2015-07-27T18:10:04 <simonjb> I think we don\'t have a lot of detail on individual options merging in the docs, is that right? I may have missed it
2015-07-27T18:10:25 <Bosmon> I don\'t believe we have any description at all, in most cases
2015-07-27T18:11:17 <simonjb> if the merge policy is more detailed, say like for listeners -- I would maybe add a section to the events page (in this case) with a link from the config options page
2015-07-27T18:11:45 <Bosmon> Yes - as a suggestion, it would be great if the note was as human-readable as possible
2015-07-27T18:11:58 <Bosmon> Since the actual implementation for some of the mergePolicies can be a little "inscrutable" : P
2015-07-27T18:12:05 <simonjb> :)
2015-07-27T18:12:33 <simonjb> okay, I wanted to check with you in case I was duplicating something that we already had
2015-07-27T18:12:45 <Bosmon> Cheers simonjb, this sounds like a really great improvement
2015-07-27T18:14:11 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-27T18:15:00 <simonjb> and a follow up question regarding language -- do we have any \'standard\' language for identifying/discussing the options of the grade on which the fluid.defaults is being called? "grade being defined", "current grade", "grade definition" or such?
2015-07-27T18:15:25 <Bosmon> "grade being defined" seems reasonable to me
2015-07-27T18:15:43 <simonjb> cool, thanks Bosmon
2015-07-27T18:18:56 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-07-27T18:19:08 * anastasiac has quit
2015-07-27T18:19:14 <jhung> colinclark - do you have time before 3p today to quickly chat about PhET sonification?
2015-07-27T18:19:21 <colinclark> hey jhung
2015-07-27T18:19:34 <colinclark> sure, we can chat at 2:30
2015-07-27T18:19:49 <jhung> great. thanks colinclark. anastasiac - would you like to join?
2015-07-27T18:21:47 <michelled> jhung: sorry, I should have kept you in the loop. I managed to check in with colinclark earlier and he had some notes about the Phet sonification that he sent along to anastasiac. She is going to start working that into a form to put into the ILDH
2015-07-27T18:22:23 <jhung> perfect michelled. That works. So colinclark there\'s no need to meet.
2015-07-27T18:22:33 <colinclark> I love meetings like that :)
2015-07-27T18:22:38 <jhung> :)
2015-07-27T18:22:51 * jessm joined the channel
2015-07-27T18:22:53 <colinclark> let me know how I can help with the new ILDH page
2015-07-27T18:22:59 <Bosmon> 2.30 is in 5 minutes?
2015-07-27T18:23:03 <Bosmon> I\'d love to join too
2015-07-27T18:23:37 <jhung> colinclark: we\'re going to be doing some testing on the ILDH for this Wednesday\'s community meeting. I\'ll send a link out and people can find bugs.
2015-07-27T18:23:49 <colinclark> ok, great
2015-07-27T18:24:19 <colinclark> Bosmon: We decided we don\'t need to meet today :)
2015-07-27T18:25:07 <Bosmon> np
2015-07-27T18:25:12 <jhung> bosmon - anastasiac was gathering notes to create some documentation about our collaboration with PhET. she and colin already chatted.
2015-07-27T18:38:10 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-27T18:38:24 <simonjb> anastasiac: I made https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5718 is there a wiki page that I should add to for tracking?
2015-07-27T18:40:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-27T18:41:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T18:45:57 <colinclark> Bosmon: You\'ve spent some time in the past looking at D3, right?
2015-07-27T18:46:14 <Bosmon> colinclark - some, yes
2015-07-27T18:46:41 <colinclark> any concerns about Alan\'s library research summary and the recommendation to go with D3? https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Open+Source+Chart+Library+Selection
2015-07-27T18:47:07 <colinclark> My biggest worry is just SVG accessibility being somewhat less mature than Canvas accessibility
2015-07-27T18:47:34 <colinclark> but it seems that, at least based on alanharnum\'s research, it "seems to be favourable"
2015-07-27T18:48:02 <colinclark> Though this remains somewhat worrisome: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=778654
2015-07-27T18:48:28 <colinclark> "This is part of the SVG2 specification. It needs to be implemented."
2015-07-27T18:48:30 <colinclark> ;)
2015-07-27T18:51:12 <colinclark> alanharnum: At some point when you get a chance, I\'m curious to hear your perspective on what we\'ll do about Firefox while we wait for Mozilla to implement SVG keyboard navigability
2015-07-27T18:57:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T18:57:23 * jhung1 joined the channel
2015-07-27T18:58:57 * jhung1 has quit
2015-07-27T19:00:23 * jhung has quit
2015-07-27T19:05:22 <anastasiac> simonjb: sorry for the delayed response. You can add that jira to this page: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Infusion+Documentation+Plan I\xe2\x80\x99ll be organizing the page this week
2015-07-27T19:05:57 * cindyli has quit
2015-07-27T19:07:58 <simonjb> thanks anastasiac I added it to the bottom of the first table
2015-07-27T19:24:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T19:26:56 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T19:28:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T19:33:37 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T19:34:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T19:47:43 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T19:50:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T19:52:26 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T19:58:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T20:04:48 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T20:05:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T20:08:11 <colinclark> Bosmon: I think at some point the pie chart sonification team will probably want to talk through with you the best strategies for integrating D3 with Infusion
2015-07-27T20:08:27 <Bosmon> colinclark - that will be interesting
2015-07-27T20:08:29 <colinclark> presumably we\'ll have some kind of a D3 rendering component
2015-07-27T20:08:44 <colinclark> I don\'t yet understand D3 well enough, but it should be pretty interesting, yes
2015-07-27T20:12:33 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-27T20:13:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-07-27T20:16:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-27T20:19:00 <colinclark> clown: Do you attend the W3C Protocols and Formats WG meetings?
2015-07-27T20:19:24 <clown> colinclark:  I do.
'

