b'2015-05-28T17:46:22 <Justin_o> jhung: i haven\'t filed anything for that
2015-05-28T17:46:40 <Justin_o> jhung: you can also close FLOE-350 after you file the new one and drop a link to it
2015-05-28T17:47:29 <jhung> sure Justin_o
2015-05-28T17:48:45 <jhung> Justin_o, anastasiac, cindyli, michelled: https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/71 is ready for review.
2015-05-28T17:49:21 <danaayotte> Justin_o can I ping you I\'m just talking to Jess
2015-05-28T17:54:16 <Justin_o> danaayotte: sure, i\'ll have to leave after the design crit though, so if it\'s possible to talk before than that would be good, but if not, maybe cindyli can fill you in
2015-05-28T17:55:17 <Justin_o> anastasiac, cindyli, michelled: could one of you verify that it works on Android.. i can review and test in iOS
2015-05-28T17:55:44 <anastasiac> I can\xe2\x80\x99t do android
2015-05-28T18:01:04 * avtar joined the channel
2015-05-28T18:01:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-28T18:04:31 <cindyli> i can do android, Justin_o, anastasiac
2015-05-28T18:05:00 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-05-28T18:05:13 <cindyli> Justin_o: that\'s for jhung\'s pull request, right?
2015-05-28T18:05:18 * danaayotte is now known as danayo
2015-05-28T18:05:43 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-05-28T18:08:13 * avtar has quit
2015-05-28T18:09:04 * anastasiac has quit
2015-05-28T18:09:04 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2015-05-28T18:09:12 * michelled has quit
2015-05-28T18:10:41 <Justin_o> cindyli: yes
2015-05-28T18:10:48 <cindyli> ok
2015-05-28T18:10:53 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-28T18:12:21 <jhung> cindyli you don\'t need android. Any browser will do.
2015-05-28T18:12:46 <jhung> I made a comment in the Pull request about that. Just needs to be a narrow window.
2015-05-28T18:13:12 <cindyli> ok, that\'s great, jhung.
2015-05-28T18:14:36 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-28T18:15:36 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-28T18:27:45 <Justin_o> cindyli, jhung: okay, but we should still probably verify that it works on android just in case
2015-05-28T18:29:08 <cindyli> Justin_o: my phone cannot connect to my computer using ip address. cannot tested it on my phone
2015-05-28T18:29:30 <cindyli> trying to figure out why connection fails
2015-05-28T18:29:56 <jhung> cindyli: I was able to test it using MAMP.
2015-05-28T18:30:15 <cindyli> i\'m using MAMP too
2015-05-28T18:30:38 <cindyli> and my computer and phone are in the same wifi network
2015-05-28T18:33:29 <jhung> cindyli: do any other demos work served up on MAMP? Is it just first-discovery?
2015-05-28T18:34:05 <cindyli> jhung: in general. my phone fails looking up that ip
2015-05-28T18:41:57 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-28T19:00:24 * jessm has quit
2015-05-28T19:05:59 * avtar joined the channel
2015-05-28T19:06:09 * michelled has quit
2015-05-28T19:06:10 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-28T19:06:31 <Justin_o> jhung: did you confirm that it works on android?
2015-05-28T19:06:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m looking at http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-361
2015-05-28T19:07:07 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-28T19:07:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I think the issue is actually https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/tooltip/js/Tooltip.js#L204
2015-05-28T19:07:58 <Bosmon> Justin_o - does it go away if you change that option?
2015-05-28T19:08:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I guess it should really only be setting tooltips for ID\'s that are in the idToContent
2015-05-28T19:08:33 <jhung> Justin_o: yes I tested on Android. It works on my nexus. I\'d feel better if we tested on another Android device though.
2015-05-28T19:08:44 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks, i\'ll just merge it then
2015-05-28T19:08:49 <jhung> ok
2015-05-28T19:08:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, on a rough test i did, that seems to work
2015-05-28T19:09:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but i\'m wondering how to best represent this change.. 1) should we remove the old backwards compatibility 2) should remove clean up the options or just not take in a items option
2015-05-28T19:10:02 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how could the component work without an items option?
2015-05-28T19:10:14 * avtar has quit
2015-05-28T19:10:37 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-28T19:10:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-28T19:11:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it would construct it from the idToContent
2015-05-28T19:11:44 <Justin_o> but i user wouldn\'t pass it in directly
2015-05-28T19:16:08 <Justin_o> danayo, cindyli: do you have time to vidyo now?
2015-05-28T19:16:33 <cindyli> yes, Justin_o
2015-05-28T19:16:48 <danayo> Justin_o yes
2015-05-28T19:18:07 <cindyli> where to meet, Justin_o and danayo
2015-05-28T19:18:14 <cindyli> which room
2015-05-28T19:18:25 <cindyli> my room?
2015-05-28T19:18:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay
2015-05-28T19:18:31 <Justin_o> danayo: ^
2015-05-28T19:18:54 <Justin_o> cindyli: your room is locked
2015-05-28T19:19:10 <cindyli> i\'ve unlocked it, Justin_o, try again
2015-05-28T19:21:21 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I guess the issue is that there are two, quite different configurations of the Tooltip
2015-05-28T19:21:41 <Bosmon> One uses "idToContent" and the other uses "content"
2015-05-28T19:21:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i was wondering if we could drop "content"
2015-05-28T19:21:56 <Bosmon> In the former case, it\'s totally reasonable to override the default of "*"
2015-05-28T19:22:27 <Justin_o> otherwise, i could add a function like modelToItemsFunc that overrides the passed in items if idToContent is specified
2015-05-28T19:22:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2015-05-28T19:23:47 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think that seems reasonable - although you should only override it if the user has not bothered to change it from the default
2015-05-28T19:24:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how would i know?
2015-05-28T19:24:34 <Justin_o> or do you mean, if it isn\'t "*"
2015-05-28T19:24:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - currently there is no good scheme for that :(
2015-05-28T19:24:42 <Justin_o> okay
2015-05-28T19:24:52 <Bosmon> Well, you could check that it differs from the results stored in fluid.defaults() for itself
2015-05-28T19:25:00 <Bosmon> At least then it\'s just a tad more principled : P
2015-05-28T19:33:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, thanks
2015-05-28T19:33:54 <cindyli> Justin_o: will you create a jira for reading out the on/off states in the sticky key panel? if you are leaving, i can create
2015-05-28T19:34:50 <colinclark> PRINCIPLES, LEWIS
2015-05-28T19:35:01 <Bosmon> Justin_o - actually, you can make this a bit more proper - you could write a "distributeOptions to self" which evaluates to undefined in the case that idToContent is not in use, but if it is in use, evaluates to the id set computation
2015-05-28T19:35:09 <Bosmon> It\'s worth a try, in any case
2015-05-28T19:35:16 <Bosmon> And if it doesn\'t work, please write a JIRA about it :)
2015-05-28T19:35:52 <Justin_o> cindyli: sure i can write it
2015-05-28T19:35:58 <cindyli> ok
2015-05-28T19:36:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m not sure i\'m following what you want me to write
2015-05-28T19:37:02 <Justin_o> can distributeOptions perform enact transformations?
2015-05-28T19:37:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - a distributeOptions block that has target: "{that}.options.items" and a record: <some expander>
2015-05-28T19:37:37 <Bosmon> Where the expander is the thing which does the computation and switching based on idToContent that you need
2015-05-28T19:37:50 <Bosmon> In the case it wants to leave the existing options value unchanged, it can return undefined
2015-05-28T19:38:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah i see
2015-05-28T19:39:00 <Bosmon> I don\'t think anyone\'s tried writing a "distribution to self" before though, so there may be some odd issue
2015-05-28T19:39:39 <Bosmon> But there\'s only one way we\'re going to find out
2015-05-28T19:39:53 <Bosmon> It\'s not like we have a **DENNOTTATTIVE SEMMANTICS** for this syntax after all : P
2015-05-28T19:41:02 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-28T19:41:54 * avtar joined the channel
2015-05-28T19:43:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i feel like it\'s something we\'ve done before, but can\'t remember for sure
2015-05-28T19:43:26 <Justin_o> cindyli: merged FLOE-352
2015-05-28T19:43:35 <Justin_o> jhung: merged FLOE-355
2015-05-28T19:44:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well the Reorderer *almost* does this, in that it succeeds in distributing to a parent component before it has finished instantiating
2015-05-28T19:44:59 <Bosmon> This reminds me that I need to make sure to parse all options distributions first, when we implement the async ginger world...
2015-05-28T19:47:30 <Justin_o> :)
2015-05-28T19:47:56 <Justin_o> michelled: i\'ve filed a jira http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-363 not sure where it fits in the set of priorities
2015-05-28T19:48:02 <Justin_o> i\'m heading offline now, see you all tomorrow
2015-05-28T19:48:30 <jhung> thanks Justin_o
2015-05-28T20:06:04 <cindyli> jhung: my pull request for FLEO-352 is merged into the master. i tested and seems the issue of the dangling checkmark icon in safari is gone. can you test and confirm?
2015-05-28T20:06:36 <jhung> ok cindyli
2015-05-28T20:06:39 <cindyli> thanks
2015-05-28T20:07:31 <jhung> cindyli: yep. it\'s gone. Great! I\'ll close that other Jira.
2015-05-28T20:08:30 <cindyli> awesome. thanks, jhung
2015-05-28T20:11:25 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-05-28T20:22:12 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-28T20:26:15 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-28T20:31:05 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-28T20:40:31 * anvk has quit
2015-05-28T20:43:45 * avtar has quit
2015-05-28T20:46:39 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-28T20:47:56 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-28T20:52:17 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-28T20:55:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-28T21:00:51 * avtar joined the channel
2015-05-28T21:02:20 * jhung has quit
2015-05-28T21:22:39 * simonjb has quit
2015-05-28T22:05:00 * danayo has quit
2015-05-28T22:06:48 * Justin_o has quit
2015-05-28T22:22:28 * colinclark has quit
2015-05-28T22:49:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-28T23:07:57 * murilo_crivellar has quit
'

b"2015-05-28T14:34:22 <anastasiac> blech
2015-05-28T14:34:26 <Justin_o> yah :(
2015-05-28T14:34:31 <anastasiac> I tried clearing the cache, no help
2015-05-28T14:34:34 <Justin_o> could be the synthesizer isn't ready yet
2015-05-28T14:34:35 <anastasiac> oy
2015-05-28T14:34:42 <Bosmon> Thanks, the-t-in-rtf
2015-05-28T15:01:00 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I\xe2\x80\x99m testing your FLOE-348 branch. Have you listened to the voice at the slowest speed? It\xe2\x80\x99s hilarious! The chrome voice sounds drunk :-)
2015-05-28T15:01:11 <anastasiac> almost slurring
2015-05-28T15:01:30 <Justin_o> anastasiac: it cracks me up every time :)
2015-05-28T15:01:50 <anastasiac> in safari, it\xe2\x80\x99s a bit metallic sounding - otherwise, very, very sleepy
2015-05-28T15:02:31 <cindyli> Justin_o: the pull request for FLOE-352 is ready for another look
2015-05-28T15:03:08 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks, i'll take another look
2015-05-28T15:03:15 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-05-28T15:03:34 * michelled has quit
2015-05-28T15:05:47 <cindyli> simonjb: anastasiac found an issue with language up/down buttons - http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-357. can you give some attention in ur language panel rework?
2015-05-28T15:05:48 <anastasiac> Justin_o: I merged your FLOE-348 branch. Thanks for fixing that
2015-05-28T15:06:10 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks for looking at it and merging
2015-05-28T15:06:50 <anastasiac> simonjb, I can help with fixing that language arrow styling bug I found
2015-05-28T15:07:16 <simonjb> cindyli: I'd rather tackle FLOE-357 separately so that the work I'm doing doesn't grow in scope
2015-05-28T15:07:19 <simonjb> anastasiac ^
2015-05-28T15:07:41 <cindyli> ok, simonjb. thanks
2015-05-28T15:07:42 <anastasiac> cindyli, I\xe2\x80\x99m happy to file a separate pull request for FLOE-357
2015-05-28T15:08:16 * avtar has quit
2015-05-28T15:08:18 <simonjb> I want to get my current FLOE-333 work wrapped up so that we can test -- adding changes will delay
2015-05-28T15:09:11 <cindyli> oh, u're already working on it, anastasiac. that's good. we will need to migrate the fix once simonjb's work is in the master
2015-05-28T15:09:42 <anastasiac> danaayotte, I was checking out the collab room this morning, and there, on the wall with the light switches and thermostat, was the crestron panel \xe2\x80\x93 with your designs!!\xc2\xa0in real life!!
2015-05-28T15:10:30 <danaayotte> yay anastasiac!
2015-05-28T15:10:34 <danaayotte> it's exciting
2015-05-28T15:10:57 <anastasiac> very cool, danaayotte. Someone should take a picture and send it to you :-)
2015-05-28T15:11:36 <danaayotte> jessm sent me one last week actually
2015-05-28T15:12:01 <anastasiac> ah, so you\xe2\x80\x99re way ahead of me
2015-05-28T15:13:01 <jhung> cindyli: I am looking at FLOE-350. I found something odd about one of the issues.
2015-05-28T15:13:18 <cindyli> what's about, jhung
2015-05-28T15:14:33 <jhung> the dangling checkmark that appears on the second group of icons only appears in Safari. It also disappears if you switch focus to another application and switch back cindyli.
2015-05-28T15:19:00 <jhung> actually I was a little incorrect. The checkmark doesn't disappear when you switch applications. It disappears if you  change focus off the Next button or mouse the mouse cursor off the button..
2015-05-28T15:20:38 <jhung> cindyli: got a sec to Vidyo? I'm suspecting it's the Tooltip causing problems. It's subtle but I need to show you.
2015-05-28T15:27:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review my pull request for FLOE-337
2015-05-28T15:27:53 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/68
2015-05-28T15:36:31 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-28T15:40:32 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-28T15:44:35 <jhung> sorry y'all I missed the stand-up meeting. I'm working on FLOE-350 and doing styling fixes to the FD tool. That is all.
2015-05-28T15:48:05 <danaayotte> we're still going jhung if you want to join :)
2015-05-28T15:49:50 <jhung> lol ok
2015-05-28T15:52:33 <Justin_o> danaayotte: did we want to do something about reseting on mobile?
2015-05-28T15:52:51 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-28T15:52:59 <danaayotte> Justin_o: I guess this would require a button on the UI, right?
2015-05-28T15:53:41 <Justin_o> danaayotte: yes, i believe so
2015-05-28T15:54:01 <Justin_o> maybe on the congratulations page or something
2015-05-28T15:54:13 <danaayotte> jhung did you see the email reply from Whitney? here is a link to the Anywhere Ballot http://anywhereballot.com/
2015-05-28T15:54:29 <Justin_o> danaayotte: got your forwarded e-mail about the voting thing, are you able to download the zip file for box?
2015-05-28T15:54:42 <danaayotte> I didn't try Justin_o are you having trouble?
2015-05-28T15:55:27 <Justin_o> danaayotte: yes, maybe i'll try a different browser
2015-05-28T15:55:41 <danaayotte> yeah doesn't seem to work in Chrome
2015-05-28T15:56:01 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-28T15:56:30 <simonjb> cindyli, Justin_o: are you available to chat?
2015-05-28T15:56:47 <cindyli> yes, simonjb
2015-05-28T15:56:53 <cindyli> Justin_o: will review ur pull request
2015-05-28T15:56:58 <Justin_o> danaayotte: i'm getting a 403 error on that link.. i think we don't have permission to download it
2015-05-28T15:57:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-05-28T15:57:05 <Justin_o> simonjb: sure
2015-05-28T15:57:17 <simonjb> cindyli, Justin_o: let's meet in my room
2015-05-28T15:57:26 <cindyli> sorry, jhung, missed your earlier message, can we chat after simonjb's call. i will ping u
2015-05-28T15:57:44 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-28T15:58:16 <jhung> danaayotte: are we thinking of integrating / creating a theme for Wordpress that works with Anywhere Ballot? Or are we thinking of using the styling to make a proof of concept of how FD tool would work (without using wordpress).
2015-05-28T15:59:02 <jhung> cindyli: I made a comment to the FLOE-350 jira. Let me know if you cannot reproduce it.
2015-05-28T15:59:11 <danaayotte> as I understand jhung our plan was for the latter, but I suppose if it's quick enough we could do the former. anastasiac what do you think?
2015-05-28T15:59:24 <cindyli> sure, jhung, thanks.
2015-05-28T15:59:27 <Justin_o> simonjb, cindyli: are we talking in vidyo?
2015-05-28T15:59:36 <cindyli> yes, Justin_o, in simonjb's room
2015-05-28T16:00:14 <danaayotte> strange Justin_o I created a Box account and it still won't download
2015-05-28T16:00:22 <anastasiac> jhung, danaayotte: no wordpress. Just an html file or two that looks like that application
2015-05-28T16:01:01 <danaayotte> so I guess we don't need those files anyway Justin_o :)
2015-05-28T16:01:46 <jhung> anastasiac: thanks for clarifying. Makes it much easier.
2015-05-28T16:02:40 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-28T16:03:35 <cindyli> Justin_o: the pull request for FLOE-352 is ready again
2015-05-28T16:05:19 <jhung> cindyli, anastasiac: I created a pull req for FLOE-350. It fixes the styling issues except for the dangling checkmark in Safari. https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/69
2015-05-28T16:05:35 <cindyli> thanks, jhung
2015-05-28T16:05:51 <jhung> I'm going to look at FLOE-355 now (+/- adjuster styling fix for Android)
2015-05-28T16:13:50 <Justin_o> danaayotte: true, it might be related to the permissions she set in box before sending us the link
2015-05-28T16:19:12 * avtar joined the channel
2015-05-28T16:20:56 * clown has quit
2015-05-28T16:26:55 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-28T16:27:03 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2015-05-28T16:28:01 <cindyli> jhung: I noticed i cannot re-produce the dangling checkmark issue in safari in my branch for FLOE-352 but can re-produce in the master. seems adding some text at the bottom probably helps solving this mystery ;) if you'd like, you can give a try in my FLOE-352 branch.
2015-05-28T16:28:34 <jhung> haha okay cindyli.
2015-05-28T16:28:35 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-05-28T16:32:59 * yzen_ has quit
2015-05-28T16:40:39 <michelled> cindyli: did you create a JIRA for the tab order issue?
2015-05-28T16:41:12 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-28T16:41:27 <cindyli> yes, michelled, http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-358, forgot to update iteraction page, doing it now
2015-05-28T16:41:40 <michelled> thx
2015-05-28T16:42:23 <cindyli> updated
2015-05-28T16:43:10 * danaayotte has quit
2015-05-28T16:50:14 * avtar has quit
2015-05-28T16:50:23 <michelled> Justin_o: do you know if there is a JIRA for the fact that it's difficult to turn the voice off?
2015-05-28T16:50:30 <michelled> meaning I seem to need to click it twice
2015-05-28T16:50:33 <michelled> and sometimes 3 times
2015-05-28T16:51:13 <Justin_o> michelled: i think that might be related to the tooltip issue we were talking about
2015-05-28T16:51:23 <michelled> ah, really
2015-05-28T16:51:31 <michelled> well, it seems like a major issue to me
2015-05-28T16:51:56 <Justin_o> i think what happens is that the tooltip is being created under your mouse pointer and you are clicking  on the tooltip instead
2015-05-28T16:52:41 <michelled> Justin_o: if you haven't picked something up yet, I think you should look into that
2015-05-28T16:52:56 <michelled> in playing with the tool, it's the biggest issue that I've found
2015-05-28T16:53:15 <Justin_o> michelled: okay, will do
2015-05-28T16:53:29 <michelled> thx
2015-05-28T16:54:36 <Justin_o> michelled: looks like we're also missing the active state for the current panel's icon when using one of the contrasts
2015-05-28T16:55:00 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-28T16:56:46 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-28T16:57:53 <cindyli> Justin_o: can you remove my pull request for removing tabindex - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/70
2015-05-28T16:58:08 <Justin_o> cindyli: i'll review it
2015-05-28T16:58:14 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-05-28T17:00:37 <Justin_o> michelled: i added this to the iteration page, http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-360
2015-05-28T17:00:42 <Justin_o> not sure how much of a priority it is though
2015-05-28T17:03:36 <michelled> Justin_o: I would say it's a nice to have - less important than our tooltip issues
2015-05-28T17:04:31 * yzen has quit
2015-05-28T17:04:56 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-28T17:05:32 <Justin_o> michelled: okay
2015-05-28T17:05:41 <Justin_o> jhung: i'm going to merge you FLOE-350 pull request
2015-05-28T17:05:59 <Justin_o> I see you haven't addressed the random check mark.. could you please file a new jira for that
2015-05-28T17:06:06 <simonjb> Justin_o, michelled: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-361
2015-05-28T17:06:25 <simonjb> michelled: should I add to the interation plan page?
2015-05-28T17:06:38 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks
2015-05-28T17:07:48 <michelled> I can add it simonjb
2015-05-28T17:08:04 <simonjb> ok, thanks michelled
2015-05-28T17:08:52 <michelled> Justin_o, cindyli, anastasiac, simonjb: does anyone mind if I take the 'Done' tasks off the iteration page? I know we usually do this at the weekly meeting, but I think the page is getting difficult to read
2015-05-28T17:09:14 <anastasiac> ok with me; I feel the same way :-)
2015-05-28T17:09:21 <simonjb> michelled: ok with me
2015-05-28T17:09:28 <cindyli> sure
2015-05-28T17:09:49 <Justin_o> sure
2015-05-28T17:12:22 <anastasiac> Justin_o and jhung, regarding FLOE-350: that\xe2\x80\x99s still open, right?
2015-05-28T17:14:43 * kasparnet has quit
2015-05-28T17:14:58 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i merged jon's fixes.. there was one part that wasn't done, so i suggested filling a new jira for this and then closing FLOE-350 off
2015-05-28T17:15:32 <anastasiac> ah, ok, so the iteration page should reflect that, when the new jira is ready (michelled: ^)
2015-05-28T17:16:15 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-28T17:20:00 <Justin_o> cindyli: i merged your FLOE-358 pull request
2015-05-28T17:20:06 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-05-28T17:25:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-05-28T17:35:26 * clown_mtg has quit
2015-05-28T17:37:38 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-28T17:42:48 <michelled> Justin_o, anastasiac, cindyli, simonjb, jhung: I updated the iteration page and reordered the bugs section to what I consider to be priority order. if you think something is in the wrong order, please say
2015-05-28T17:43:24 <michelled> also, if bugs and/or tasks are missing please add them
2015-05-28T17:43:52 <jhung> thansk michelled
2015-05-28T17:43:53 <Justin_o> michelled: i don't think we can fix FLOE-329 any time soon
2015-05-28T17:44:37 <Justin_o> maybe if we just fix the focus, but I'm not sure
2015-05-28T17:45:10 <anastasiac> Justin_o, michelled: I just added a comment to the table for FLOE-329: Once simonjb\xe2\x80\x99s work on the language screen is in, it might be much less of a problem
2015-05-28T17:45:28 <michelled> thx
2015-05-28T17:45:39 <michelled> Justin_o, cindyli: is this ready for review again? https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/67
2015-05-28T17:45:45 <jhung> Justin_o, cindyli, anastasiac: I'll file a new jira for that unresolved issue from FLOE-350 if it hasn't been done already.
2015-05-28T17:46:05 <Justin_o> michelled: we need to talk to danaayotte about something
2015-05-28T17:46:09 <Justin_o> danaayotte: are you free to chat?
"

b'2015-05-28T00:13:30 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-05-28T00:18:26 * Jess_ has quit
2015-05-28T00:44:27 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-05-28T01:04:39 * Jess_ has quit
2015-05-28T03:56:30 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-28T07:03:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-05-28T07:07:39 * kasparnet has quit
2015-05-28T07:08:31 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-05-28T07:10:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-28T07:10:49 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-05-28T07:13:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-28T07:13:51 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-28T07:15:18 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-05-28T07:15:18 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-28T07:20:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-28T07:21:01 * the-t-in-rtf2 joined the channel
2015-05-28T07:21:56 * the-t-in-rtf3 joined the channel
2015-05-28T07:24:39 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-05-28T07:25:26 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-28T07:25:57 * the-t-in-rtf2 has quit
2015-05-28T07:26:09 * the-t-in-rtf3 is now known as the-t-in-rtf
2015-05-28T10:19:20 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-05-28T10:38:57 * jhernandez has quit
2015-05-28T10:56:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-05-28T11:01:19 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-05-28T11:03:20 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-05-28T11:46:23 * jhung joined the channel
2015-05-28T12:18:36 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2015-05-28T12:35:26 * jessm joined the channel
2015-05-28T12:35:53 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-28T12:52:14 * anvk joined the channel
2015-05-28T12:52:52 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2015-05-28T12:53:26 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-28T12:56:42 * michelled has quit
2015-05-28T13:00:54 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2015-05-28T13:01:43 <Bosmon> fluid-everyone - in case you needed any light relief this morning, I found the following page of amusing GIT KOANS: http://stevelosh.com/blog/2013/04/git-koans/
2015-05-28T13:07:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) git can be confusing sometimes
2015-05-28T13:07:52 <Bosmon> There\'s an explanation of the behaviours in the following thread :) http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/1bx3dl/git_koans/
2015-05-28T13:10:03 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:11:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:18:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s a succinct explanation from that reddit "I think it\'s a roundabout explanation about why it\'s so hard to learn Git. Git commands are written around the way git is written, not around the way git is used. So it sort of forces people into learning exactly how git works before they can intuitively know what commands to use."
2015-05-28T13:19:09 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-05-28T13:23:34 * yzen_ has quit
2015-05-28T13:26:25 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:27:33 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:40:01 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:41:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it\'s a pretty strange excuse for accounting for why something has usability problems :)
2015-05-28T13:42:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: agreed, but i think that might be more of a  reason than an excuse... I wish there was at least a consistent way to delete/remove things
2015-05-28T13:51:53 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:57:34 * murilo_crivellar joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:58:30 <murilo_crivellar> hi sepideh, I\'ve been working with these - https://www.dropbox.com/s/y82h89n1jdjnrkg/FD%20tool%20for%20May%202015%20workshop%20v3.ai?dl=0
2015-05-28T13:58:39 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:58:48 <sepideh> great, thx murilo_crivellar
2015-05-28T13:58:55 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:59:12 <murilo_crivellar> oh, there\'s another one that may help https://www.dropbox.com/s/oqaz067cap368tk/FD%20adjuster%20templates%20and%20list%20for%20workshop.ai?dl=0
2015-05-28T13:59:13 * avtar joined the channel
2015-05-28T13:59:28 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf had a question about how to apply jQuery namespaces to events
2015-05-28T13:59:41 <Bosmon> He has written the following event binding block: https://github.com/the-t-in-rtf/common-terms-registry/blob/master/express/public/js/components/details.js#L338
2015-05-28T14:00:01 <Bosmon> As far as I\'m aware, he would need to switch to the "on" style of binding so that he would get a place in the record where to write the namespace
2015-05-28T14:00:10 <Bosmon> http://api.jquery.com/on/
2015-05-28T14:00:13 <Bosmon> Can anyone confirm this?
2015-05-28T14:00:28 <danaayotte> hi sepideh, murilo_crivellar - that file at that first link is where I\'ve been adding new wireframes for voting and also educationa assessment, and it has all the existing wireframes for the functional demo
2015-05-28T14:00:53 <danaayotte> the second one was more to show the types of screens/adjusters we currently have
2015-05-28T14:01:07 <sepideh> great! so I\xe2\x80\x99ll use the first link
2015-05-28T14:01:12 <danaayotte> yes
2015-05-28T14:01:15 <danaayotte> thanks
2015-05-28T14:01:57 <danaayotte> murilo_crivellar: i have another file where I had started to create the other additional frames (the work we split up)
2015-05-28T14:02:11 <danaayotte> just one sec
2015-05-28T14:02:48 <danaayotte> this one murilo_crivellar https://www.dropbox.com/s/5vaxe5kiifsjap5/FD%20wireframes%20for%20June%20workshop.ai?dl=0
2015-05-28T14:03:02 <danaayotte> probably will be best to merge with the work you\'re doing
2015-05-28T14:03:14 <murilo_crivellar> danaayotte: ok, thanks!
2015-05-28T14:03:39 <the-t-in-rtf> Trying something like this now:
2015-05-28T14:03:40 <the-t-in-rtf> {
2015-05-28T14:03:40 <the-t-in-rtf> "this": "{that}.dom.removeUse",
2015-05-28T14:03:40 <the-t-in-rtf> method: "on",
2015-05-28T14:03:40 <the-t-in-rtf> args:   ["click.removeUse", "{that}.removeUse"]
2015-05-28T14:03:40 <the-t-in-rtf> },
2015-05-28T14:03:59 <the-t-in-rtf> Works fine.
2015-05-28T14:04:03 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - great
2015-05-28T14:04:33 <Bosmon> Although presumably your "markup changed" event should only really fire in the case the markup has genuinely changed
2015-05-28T14:04:38 <Bosmon> Why might you get a false positive?
2015-05-28T14:04:59 <the-t-in-rtf> I only have one event for all types of markup changes.
2015-05-28T14:05:22 <the-t-in-rtf> I could also migrate to having events per type of thing that changes.
2015-05-28T14:05:54 <the-t-in-rtf> and putting only the affected listeners there
2015-05-28T14:08:45 <the-t-in-rtf> In fact I may have to, because the namespacing doesn\'t seem to prevent multiples.
2015-05-28T14:09:14 <the-t-in-rtf> NM, left the namespace off of that specific one.
2015-05-28T14:09:15 <the-t-in-rtf> :|
2015-05-28T14:09:19 <Bosmon> :)
2015-05-28T14:10:35 <the-t-in-rtf> Actually, even with the namespace I see the same problem.
2015-05-28T14:10:38 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2015-05-28T14:10:53 <the-t-in-rtf> Worse, I just fired two of those events to confirm that I would end up with three of the same listener (which I did)
2015-05-28T14:11:21 <Bosmon> well... all I can suggest is that the jQuery documentation suggests that you shouldn\'t : P
2015-05-28T14:11:26 <the-t-in-rtf> I think the namespace is only included as metadata once the event is fired.
2015-05-28T14:11:57 <Bosmon> Hmm
2015-05-28T14:12:04 <Bosmon> I might have forgotten how jQuery namespaces actually work
2015-05-28T14:12:27 <the-t-in-rtf> I think it\'s to let plugin developers only respond to "their" clicks.
2015-05-28T14:12:36 <the-t-in-rtf> At least that\'s what I got from the page I read.
2015-05-28T14:12:41 <Bosmon> ok
2015-05-28T14:12:50 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I assume that having a separate event per block that is likely to change is the real solution.
2015-05-28T14:12:55 <Bosmon> Well there is at least the ability to use the namespace to remove THAT listener using an "off" directive
2015-05-28T14:13:13 <Bosmon> But if you had the ability to issue "off" it implies you\'d know when your markup had really changed and when it hadn\'t
2015-05-28T14:13:24 <Bosmon> So yes, I guess you will have to make separate events
2015-05-28T14:13:46 <Bosmon> I guess this is the kind of thing that "not having a proper renderer" does indeed expose one to
2015-05-28T14:14:06 <Bosmon> I had forgotten that jQuery namespaces don\'t quite work like ours
2015-05-28T14:14:42 <the-t-in-rtf> Actually, putting an "off" block before the "on" also works.
2015-05-28T14:14:47 <Bosmon> I had always said "ours were inspired by theirs" but it seems the inspiration is looser than I remembered :)
2015-05-28T14:15:10 <the-t-in-rtf> If there is ever a legitimate reason to do something like this, it works:
2015-05-28T14:15:10 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - ok, but it\'s somewhat messy - you may want to invent a custom configuration scheme to automate this
2015-05-28T14:15:10 <the-t-in-rtf> {
2015-05-28T14:15:10 <the-t-in-rtf> "this": "{that}.dom.save",
2015-05-28T14:15:10 <the-t-in-rtf> method: "off",
2015-05-28T14:15:10 <the-t-in-rtf> args:   ["click.save", "{that}.save"]
2015-05-28T14:15:10 <the-t-in-rtf> },
2015-05-28T14:15:11 <the-t-in-rtf> {
2015-05-28T14:15:11 <the-t-in-rtf> "this": "{that}.dom.save",
2015-05-28T14:15:12 <the-t-in-rtf> method: "on",
2015-05-28T14:15:12 <the-t-in-rtf> args:   ["click.save", "{that}.save"]
2015-05-28T14:15:13 <the-t-in-rtf> },
2015-05-28T14:15:27 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s not that messy, I was just a bit lazy, I only have a few blocks like this.
2015-05-28T14:15:30 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - I imagine the 2nd arg to "off" is unnecessary, but yes
2015-05-28T14:16:22 <the-t-in-rtf> Astute observations as always, it does indeed work without that.
2015-05-28T14:16:36 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - if you find yourself doing this a lot, I suggest you make a "bindEvents" configuration form that will let you condense this
2015-05-28T14:17:01 <the-t-in-rtf> Sounds good, we can get into it when we review the client-side components for the PTD.
2015-05-28T14:17:08 <Bosmon> cool
2015-05-28T14:17:12 <the-t-in-rtf> A few of them are a part of the user management PR already with you.
2015-05-28T14:18:02 <the-t-in-rtf> notably the login, logout, signup, forgot password, and profile widget.
2015-05-28T14:18:36 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-05-28T14:18:47 <Bosmon> You already have some consolidation work for those in comments
2015-05-28T14:19:02 <the-t-in-rtf> Great.
2015-05-28T14:19:58 <Bosmon> I\'d be interested in your impressions on express 4.x, should you get a chance to upgrade
2015-05-28T14:27:07 <anastasiac> Justin_o, are you able to test the FD tool on iOS?
2015-05-28T14:27:26 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i can test it on my phone
2015-05-28T14:27:41 <anastasiac> Justin_o, could you do so, and verify that the TTS works?
2015-05-28T14:28:29 <Justin_o> anastasiac, danaayotte: by the way, there is no way to reset the FD Tool on iOS and maybe android too, as the keyboard is only available when there is an input field. I suppose you could do it with a bluetooth keyboard but that\'s not always going to be available
2015-05-28T14:28:54 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i tried it the other day and it worked, but spoke fast. I think we saw that before.
2015-05-28T14:29:02 <Justin_o> I\'ll try again though to make sure it still works
2015-05-28T14:29:34 <danaayotte> right Justin_o, good point
2015-05-28T14:31:02 <Justin_o> anastasiac: the TTS is working, but panels like text size render poorly.. probably like what jhung found in android
2015-05-28T14:31:34 <anastasiac> Justin_o, the TTS continues to work, after reloading, etc?
2015-05-28T14:32:14 <jhung> Justin_o, anastasiac: I\'m looking at styling now. I can take a look at that adjuster while I\'m at it.
2015-05-28T14:32:44 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m not sure we\xe2\x80\x99re worried about iPhone styling; we never really expected it to do well there, only iPad
2015-05-28T14:33:07 <anastasiac> Justin_o, on the iPad I\xe2\x80\x99m testing on right now, the TTS has stopped speaking. It worked a wee bit, but now won\xe2\x80\x99t
2015-05-28T14:33:12 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon, who was the express 4 comment for?  I already wrote up my impressions:  http://the-t-in-rtf.github.io/modular-express.html
2015-05-28T14:33:26 <Justin_o> anastasiac: yes, TTS doesn\'t work on page load :(
2015-05-28T14:33:44 <anastasiac> Justin_o, does it work after that? e.g. after navigating to the next screen?
2015-05-28T14:33:52 <Justin_o> anastasiac: yes
2015-05-28T14:34:02 <Justin_o> and if i turn voice off and on
2015-05-28T14:34:06 <anastasiac> and if you reload again, does it continue to work?
2015-05-28T14:34:11 <Justin_o> nope
2015-05-28T14:34:19 <anastasiac> ok, so same as herre.
'

