b'2015-10-26T18:39:39 <slim_> thanks
2015-10-26T18:41:13 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-26T18:41:29 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-26T18:41:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-26T18:42:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-26T18:54:11 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-26T19:02:08 <cindyli> Justin_o: a few more minor comments for ur pull request for 5797
2015-10-26T19:04:08 <Justin_o> i should see if there is a way to add the eof line to all of the files at once
2015-10-26T19:04:20 <jhung> anastasiac: did you merge my updates to docs-core and docs-template?
2015-10-26T19:04:41 <anastasiac> jhung, no, sorry, I haven\xe2\x80\x99t gotten to that yet. I\xe2\x80\x99ll try it now
2015-10-26T19:05:25 <jhung> No worries anastasiac. I noticed there were files in your pull that should have been removed, but I wasn\'t sure if you did the merge yet or not.
2015-10-26T19:12:42 <anastasiac> jhung: I seemed to have messed things up. I\xe2\x80\x99m getting an error doing a clean npm install; permission dened cloning docs-core
2015-10-26T19:13:21 <jhung> anastasiac: ah
2015-10-26T19:13:52 <jhung> that\'s because the urls in the package.json is not correct anastasiac. It was updated to reflect it\'s final location, not where it is currently.
2015-10-26T19:14:08 <jhung> anastasiac: let me find you the file and line number
2015-10-26T19:15:25 <jhung> anastasiac: if you look at line 14 in dosc-template/package.json file, you should see that the URL is incorrect.
2015-10-26T19:16:05 <anastasiac> I did change that back to what I had before. What should it be?
2015-10-26T19:20:11 <anastasiac> jhung?
2015-10-26T19:20:21 <anastasiac> how does docpad know where to get docs-core?
2015-10-26T19:21:01 <jhung> from that URL anastasiac. You should probably point it to my copy. jhung/docs-core
2015-10-26T19:21:38 <anastasiac> we\xe2\x80\x99re talking about this url, jhung? https://github.com/fluid-project/docs-first-discovery/blob/master/src/documents
2015-10-26T19:21:44 <anastasiac> sorry: https://github.com/jhung/docs-template/blob/master/docpad.js#L14
2015-10-26T19:22:24 <jhung> not that file anastasiac. I\'m referring to docs-template/package.json file
2015-10-26T19:22:36 <anastasiac> ah!!
2015-10-26T19:22:40 <jhung> :)
2015-10-26T19:22:44 <anastasiac> ok, that makes much more sense
2015-10-26T19:22:49 <anastasiac> <whew>
2015-10-26T19:29:16 <anastasiac> ok, jhung, my FLOE-425 branch is updated to the latest docs-template (and my gh-pages branch is updated, too)
2015-10-26T19:29:32 <anastasiac> three minor conflicts, easy to resolve
2015-10-26T19:29:36 <jhung> ok great. I\'ll take a look anastasiac.
2015-10-26T19:30:07 <jhung> Excellent. That\'s been my experience too. Although in the future I can imagine this may not be the case depending on the changes.
2015-10-26T19:32:38 <cindyli> anastasiac: is ur deployed first discovery doc site http://acheetham.github.io/docs-first-discovery/  up to date with ur FLOE-425 branch?
2015-10-26T19:33:21 <cindyli> there seem to be minor differences
2015-10-26T19:34:03 <anastasiac> maybe reload/clear cache, jhung? I was just deploying as I messaged you :-)
2015-10-26T19:34:20 <anastasiac> let me know if it\xe2\x80\x99s still different
2015-10-26T19:34:37 <jhung> ^that was for cindyli I assume.
2015-10-26T19:34:59 <anastasiac> <sigh>, yes, jhung, that was for cindyli
2015-10-26T19:35:06 <cindyli> yes, jhung. thanks, anastasiac
2015-10-26T19:35:15 <anastasiac> cindyli: I just updated both my branch and the ghpages branch :-)
2015-10-26T19:35:28 <cindyli> thanks, anastasiac
2015-10-26T19:36:21 <Justin_o> cindyli: FLUID-5797 is ready for more review
2015-10-26T19:36:27 <Justin_o> I\'ve attempted to clean up all the whitespace issues
2015-10-26T19:36:51 <cindyli> that\'s cool. thanks, Justin_o
2015-10-26T19:40:42 <simonjb> hey jhernandez, are you around?
2015-10-26T19:40:58 <Justin_o> cindyli: just found a couple more files, be done in a minute
2015-10-26T19:41:09 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o
2015-10-26T19:48:02 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, it should be ready again
2015-10-26T19:48:23 <cindyli> thanks. will take a look soon
2015-10-26T19:50:29 <cindyli> Justin_o: just curious, how did you manage to clean up all those white spaces across all files?
2015-10-26T19:50:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: i basically opened all of the files and saved them
2015-10-26T19:50:55 <Justin_o> or i actually did that
2015-10-26T19:51:09 <Justin_o> i\'m not sure if there is an easier way to do that all at once
2015-10-26T19:51:24 <cindyli> ah ha. hope your fingers are still ok, Justin_o ;)
2015-10-26T19:51:41 <Justin_o> haha
2015-10-26T19:52:07 <Justin_o> no bruising yet, i\'ll check tonight ;)
2015-10-26T19:52:29 <cindyli> lol
2015-10-26T19:55:35 <Justin_o> i\'m going to head home now, if you merge my pull request in today, could you please let Alan know. He\'s going to build a new version of infusion for the chart authoring work.
2015-10-26T19:55:55 <cindyli> sure
2015-10-26T19:57:44 <Justin_o> thanks
2015-10-26T19:59:16 * jessm has quit
2015-10-26T19:59:51 * michelled has quit
2015-10-26T20:09:06 <jhung> anastasiac: I took a look at your pull req. Looks great! Awesome looking site. :)
2015-10-26T20:09:16 <anastasiac> :-)
2015-10-26T20:09:24 <jhung> I like the yellow on steel blue.
2015-10-26T20:09:49 <anastasiac> jhung, the colour scheme is taken from the FD tool itself
2015-10-26T20:10:03 <anastasiac> jhung, I just had a thought about docs-core
2015-10-26T20:10:13 <anastasiac> what will the workflow be for Infusion upgrades?
2015-10-26T20:10:22 <anastasiac> I notice that your doc-core has an older infusion
2015-10-26T20:11:04 <anastasiac> I wonder if we should think about the upgrade process from a \xe2\x80\x9cuser\xe2\x80\x9ds point of view (i.e. me), and test it out by updating your repo, and I\xe2\x80\x99ll merge that into my project
2015-10-26T20:11:05 <jhung> yes. so the upgrade process would be to update docs-core. Derivative sites would then update their docs-core via npm.
2015-10-26T20:11:06 <anastasiac> what do you think?
2015-10-26T20:11:40 <anastasiac> so jhung, if you update docs-core with new infusion, I\xe2\x80\x99d just run npm update, and that\xe2\x80\x99s it?
2015-10-26T20:12:39 <jhung> anastasiac: that\'s the idea. Whenever we change docs-core, we would have to make sure to update the version number in docs-core\'s package.json file. I *assume* npm will take care of the rest although I haven\'t tested it. We should try that.
2015-10-26T20:13:36 <anastasiac> jhung, which version number needs updating? docs-core\xe2\x80\x99s version?
2015-10-26T20:15:11 <jhung> yes anastasiac. docs-core/package.json has version information. Right now it\'s "0.0.1-SNAPSHOT",
2015-10-26T20:15:17 <anastasiac> gotcha
2015-10-26T20:15:46 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-26T20:15:47 <jhung> I\'ll update infusion and change the version # and we can go through this process anastasiac
2015-10-26T20:20:58 <jhung> anastasiac: is it okay if I finish this tomorrow morning? I\'m about to head off.
2015-10-26T20:21:11 <anastasiac> oh, of course, jhung, no rush!
2015-10-26T20:22:50 * anvk has quit
2015-10-26T20:23:31 * jhung has quit
2015-10-26T20:27:22 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-26T20:29:19 * michelled has quit
2015-10-26T20:36:16 * cindyli has quit
2015-10-26T20:57:24 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-10-26T20:59:21 * simonjb has quit
2015-10-26T21:02:21 * clown has quit
2015-10-26T21:29:03 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-26T21:40:31 * jhernandez has quit
2015-10-26T22:02:34 * Justin_o has quit
2015-10-26T22:17:14 * danayo has quit
2015-10-26T23:03:36 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-26T23:41:38 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-10-26T23:46:53 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-26T23:53:08 * sepidehshahi has quit
'

b'2015-10-26T02:35:23 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-26T02:38:07 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-10-26T10:29:14 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-10-26T11:15:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-26T11:23:24 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-26T11:23:39 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-10-26T11:29:22 * amatas_ is now known as amatas
2015-10-26T11:38:50 * slim___ joined the channel
2015-10-26T11:42:26 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-26T11:43:29 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-26T12:19:30 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-26T12:34:00 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-10-26T12:36:37 * slim__ has quit
2015-10-26T12:37:41 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:01:39 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:02:14 * slim___ has quit
2015-10-26T13:02:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:03:13 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-26T13:09:17 * anvk joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:10:05 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:20:17 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:24:16 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:30:28 * jessm joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:41:27 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:45:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:48:38 * alanharnum has quit
2015-10-26T13:48:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:51:33 * anvk has quit
2015-10-26T13:52:34 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:53:14 <Justin_o> alanharnum: in regards to the vagrant reloading issue i had the other day, will any changes need to be made to my pull request?
2015-10-26T13:53:34 * anvk joined the channel
2015-10-26T13:53:53 <alanharnum> Justin_o: which PR is that?
2015-10-26T13:54:19 <alanharnum> I\'ve got a PR to the nodejs playbook to fix the issue you had that Gio is reviewing.
2015-10-26T13:54:32 <Justin_o> alanharnum: mine is https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery-server/pull/2
2015-10-26T13:54:49 <Justin_o> alanharnum: right, so would i need to change mine or will that all just come down automatically once it\'s in?
2015-10-26T13:55:14 <alanharnum> that should all just come down automatically
2015-10-26T13:55:51 <alanharnum> you\'d need to run \'vagrant provision\' again to pick up the changes to the playbook, and \'vagrant reload\' if you need to change the exposed ports again
2015-10-26T13:55:56 <alanharnum> but nothing about that PR should need to change
2015-10-26T13:56:57 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-10-26T14:01:37 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-26T14:03:49 * danayo has quit
2015-10-26T14:06:34 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-26T14:17:13 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-26T14:18:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-26T14:18:45 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-26T14:19:38 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2015-10-26T14:22:23 <Justin_o> alanharnum: is there a document on the wiki or elsewhere that describes how to use the vagrant and ansible stuff. I want to drop a link to it from the README in the first-discoveryTool-sever
2015-10-26T14:23:39 <alanharnum> Justin_o: I\'m not sure - there\'s (sparse) detail at https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery-server\'s README
2015-10-26T14:24:11 <alanharnum> I think avtar may have sent out an email with more details to one of the MLs?
2015-10-26T14:24:14 <Justin_o> alanharnum: :) that\'s the one i\'m writing and wanted to link to more info from
2015-10-26T14:24:30 <alanharnum> haha
2015-10-26T14:24:40 <alanharnum> department of redundancy department
2015-10-26T14:24:44 <Justin_o> lol
2015-10-26T14:31:37 <alanharnum> Justin_o: question from my end about making custom builds of Infusion...
2015-10-26T14:31:59 <Justin_o> alanharnum: sure
2015-10-26T14:32:17 <alanharnum> I need to make a custom build of it for the chartAuthoring work that includes the overviewPanel component for the demo
2015-10-26T14:32:24 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-26T14:32:34 <Justin_o> alanharnum: okay
2015-10-26T14:33:11 <alanharnum> I\'m following the instructions at https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion and ending up with something that works, but ends up namespaced as "fluid_2_0_0_beta_1" rather than "fluid_2_0"
2015-10-26T14:33:44 <alanharnum> not sure if i\'m doing something wrong or if that\'s as expected - i noticed because it broke the test utilities, which expect a fluid_2_0 namespace
2015-10-26T14:33:48 <slim_> jhernandez: thanks for help on new settings handler. Will get back to it soon
2015-10-26T14:34:05 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-26T14:34:54 <Justin_o> alanharnum: the test utils probably shouldn\'t be using the fluid_2_0 namespace, but you also made me think that there is another problem with fluid, we just changed the version from 2.0.0-dev to 2.0.0 and i wonder if the namespace should have been changed to that too
2015-10-26T14:35:48 <alanharnum> alanharnum: I can update the namespace the test utilities are using easily enough; the custom build of infusion that was in the chartAuthoring repo previously was using the fluid_2_0 namespace
2015-10-26T14:35:57 <alanharnum> ^ jobara
2015-10-26T14:36:02 <alanharnum> just want to make sure I understand what\'s going on
2015-10-26T14:37:07 <Justin_o> alanharnum: you can probably just use fluid directly for the tests.. the namespace is really to provide a way to use multiple versions of infusion.
2015-10-26T14:37:35 <Justin_o> alanharnum: but infusion should be changed to fluid_2_0_0 as well, so we\'ll need to make that change in infusion
2015-10-26T14:38:30 <alanharnum> Justin_o: OK - I think the issue is that I made the custom build correctly but didn\'t update the corresponding tests/lib/infusion stuff
2015-10-26T14:38:36 <alanharnum> hence the namespace mismatch
2015-10-26T14:39:01 <Justin_o> alanharnum: okay, i\'m going to change the namespace in infusion now by the way, should be done shortly
2015-10-26T14:56:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review this https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/647
2015-10-26T14:57:05 * alanharnum has quit
2015-10-26T14:58:04 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2015-10-26T14:59:12 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-10-26T14:59:18 <cindyli> np
2015-10-26T15:03:00 * michelled1 joined the channel
2015-10-26T15:05:18 * michelled has quit
2015-10-26T15:05:30 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-26T15:06:53 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-26T15:11:40 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-26T15:12:59 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-26T15:22:00 <danayo> jhung, want to join floe planning?
2015-10-26T15:30:32 * cindyli has quit
2015-10-26T15:40:12 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-26T15:40:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-26T15:41:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-26T15:41:50 * slim__ has quit
2015-10-26T15:43:41 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-26T15:43:59 * michelled1 has quit
2015-10-26T15:46:53 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-10-26T15:47:52 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-26T15:54:32 <cindyli> Justin_o: i left a comment on ur pull request for FLUID-5797
2015-10-26T15:56:03 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-26T16:08:00 * michelled has quit
2015-10-26T16:14:28 * danayo has quit
2015-10-26T16:16:13 * slim__ has quit
2015-10-26T16:16:47 <jhung> anastasiac: let me know when is a good time to chat about the docs platform.
2015-10-26T16:17:28 <anastasiac> jhung: I was about to grab some food. Can I ping you after?
2015-10-26T16:17:38 <jhung> sounds good anastasiac.
2015-10-26T16:28:09 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-10-26T16:29:54 <Justin_o> cindyli: changed the release notes
2015-10-26T16:30:50 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-26T16:34:41 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-26T16:35:11 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-26T16:40:21 * jhung has quit
2015-10-26T16:45:38 * alanharnum has quit
2015-10-26T16:46:46 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-26T16:50:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-26T16:55:58 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-26T17:06:06 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-26T17:10:14 <anastasiac> jhung, I\xe2\x80\x99m ready to chat any time
2015-10-26T17:11:45 <jhung> sure anastasiac. Let\'s hop on Vidyo.
2015-10-26T17:15:19 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-26T17:17:07 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review these pull requests https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery/pull/105
2015-10-26T17:17:07 <Justin_o> https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery-server/pull/3
2015-10-26T17:17:18 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o
2015-10-26T17:17:31 <Justin_o> cindyli: although we may want to wait for the JIRA move before pushing them
2015-10-26T17:18:03 <cindyli> Justin_o: why
2015-10-26T17:20:05 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-26T17:31:59 <Justin_o> cindyli: because we\'ll have to change the package.json again then as it points at the issue tracker too.. but we could do that in a separate pull request
2015-10-26T17:32:14 <cindyli> ok, i see
2015-10-26T17:35:05 <anastasiac> jhung, perhaps you could have a look at my FD tool docs pull request with an eye to how I used the docs platform, in particular how I worked with the CSS. I imagine you might have suggestions for improvement. https://github.com/GPII/docs-first-discovery/pull/1
2015-10-26T17:48:02 <jhung> sure anastasiac
2015-10-26T17:50:07 <michelled> anastasiac: any idea when the tutorials will be live? I\'d like to include the links in the report I\'m filling in
2015-10-26T17:51:19 <anastasiac> michelled: do you mean the fd tool docs? not sure\xe2\x80\xa6 they need to be reviewed, and then we need to decide where they will live i.e. what URL, and then we need to do the deployment. cindyli might be able to comment on when she expects to get to the review part
2015-10-26T17:59:59 <michelled> anastasiac, how about the other tutorial? the preferences editor framework one?
2015-10-26T18:01:26 <anastasiac> ah, that\xe2\x80\x99s undergone review, and I need to go back and respond to the feedback and send it back to reviewers. depending on the reviewers, that could possibly be finished up this week, michelled. Do you want me to prioritize that over Bosmon\xe2\x80\x99s monster docs pull request?
2015-10-26T18:02:07 <anastasiac> oh, maybe that \xe2\x80\x9cthis week\xe2\x80\x9d comment is wrong, michelled. I forgot that I\xe2\x80\x99m off thursday and friday this week
2015-10-26T18:06:45 * alanharnum has quit
2015-10-26T18:16:20 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-26T18:16:48 <michelled> it\'s fine anastasiac. I\'ll just say they are in progress
2015-10-26T18:17:35 <slim_> hello devs - I need some help debuggin by settings handler
2015-10-26T18:18:20 <slim_> can I some how turn on logging?
2015-10-26T18:18:41 <danayo> hi jhung, I updated the ai file you created for the posters. added the photo and credits, and slightly adjusted some of the alignment. also included a suggestion for the Stuck in the 90\'s phrase.
2015-10-26T18:18:43 <slim_> I try to log in sammy but all it does is  log the prefs and no more
2015-10-26T18:19:03 <slim_> jhernandez: ^^^
2015-10-26T18:20:48 <slim_> so removing my solution fixes sammy login :(
2015-10-26T18:24:29 <jhernandez> slim_: not a clue - can you put the code somewhere so I can take a quick look at it?
2015-10-26T18:25:44 <slim_> sure. I wish I had some sort of visibility on what\'s going on . Just a black box. Might have to debug :)
2015-10-26T18:25:56 <slim_> let me push to my patch(s)
2015-10-26T18:26:04 <slim_> I mean PRs
2015-10-26T18:31:43 * cindyli has quit
2015-10-26T18:31:51 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-26T18:33:38 <slim_> jhernandez: here\'s the code - inspired by your xrandr - https://github.com/OpenDirective/GPII-windows/commit/050901e385503dff17d72331d3789c366bdf48bf
2015-10-26T18:34:20 <slim_> look for comment about splitting files
2015-10-26T18:36:44 <slim_> weird - universal gpii-1000 PR has vanished
2015-10-26T18:38:02 <slim_> jhernandez: This is the new solution - https://github.com/OpenDirective/GPII-universal/blob/fe3cb6689c1c4ae441d79225f88b91c428b4dd7f/testData/solutions/win32.json#L973-L1044
2015-10-26T18:38:45 <slim_> jhernandez: I do not know if this is correct or should be common not windows specific? https://github.com/OpenDirective/GPII-universal/blob/fe3cb6689c1c4ae441d79225f88b91c428b4dd7f/testData/solutions/win32.json#L988
2015-10-26T18:39:37 <slim_> also not sure about these - https://github.com/OpenDirective/GPII-universal/blob/fe3cb6689c1c4ae441d79225f88b91c428b4dd7f/testData/solutions/win32.json#L1035-L1042
'

