b'2015-04-14T17:53:59 <slim_jim> OK, I\'ll check the history
2015-04-14T18:05:27 <danaayotte> Justin_o: anastasiac: I have to go offline and will be back in about an hour. I added a large font screen for sticky keys pref to the mockups https://www.dropbox.com/s/4nxvybp4d6rcb03/FD%20tool%20for%20May%202015%20workshop.pdf?dl=0
2015-04-14T18:05:41 <danaayotte> still need to add the "no issues with keyboard input" flow
2015-04-14T18:05:42 <anastasiac> thanks, danaayotte
2015-04-14T18:08:20 * sepideh has quit
2015-04-14T18:10:20 * danaayotte has quit
2015-04-14T18:18:03 <anastasiac> jhung, simonjb, I\xe2\x80\x99ve merged  the FLUID-5609 branch into master, so the docs now have the three-part ToC
2015-04-14T18:18:40 <simonjb> anastasiac: awesome
2015-04-14T18:19:05 <simonjb> anastasiac: I\'m nearly ready with the ghpages config pull request
2015-04-14T18:19:17 <anastasiac> great, simonjb, thanks
2015-04-14T18:28:59 * cindyli has quit
2015-04-14T18:31:10 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-14T18:39:39 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-04-14T18:40:09 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-04-14T18:48:44 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-04-14T18:53:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-14T18:53:26 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-04-14T19:03:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-14T19:05:42 <simonjb> anastasiac: https://github.com/simonbates/infusion-docs/commit/9ae119906e002d8e6564a42f7c1e74c22012f07e
2015-04-14T19:06:14 <anastasiac> thanks, simonjb
2015-04-14T19:08:04 * gtirloni has quit
2015-04-14T19:18:10 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-14T19:21:40 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-04-14T19:27:13 * michelled has quit
2015-04-14T19:37:16 * slim_jim has quit
2015-04-14T19:44:11 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-04-14T19:47:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-04-14T20:05:38 * Bosmon has quit
2015-04-14T20:07:17 * jhung has quit
2015-04-14T20:18:59 * anastasiac has quit
2015-04-14T20:18:59 * anvk has quit
2015-04-14T20:19:21 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-04-14T20:23:57 * clown has left the channel
2015-04-14T20:29:10 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-14T20:29:26 * clown joined the channel
2015-04-14T20:31:42 * cindyli has quit
2015-04-14T20:44:54 * clown has left the channel
2015-04-14T20:47:35 * sepideh has quit
2015-04-14T20:53:05 * simonjb has quit
2015-04-14T21:16:18 * gtirloni has quit
2015-04-14T21:34:52 * jessm has quit
2015-04-14T21:36:35 * Justin_o has quit
2015-04-14T22:42:52 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-04-14T23:44:50 * danaayotte has quit
2015-04-14T23:46:48 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-14T23:47:00 * danaayotte has quit
'

b'2015-04-14T00:46:23 * gtirloni has quit
2015-04-14T01:40:09 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-14T02:06:55 * danaayotte has quit
2015-04-14T06:18:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-04-14T06:19:36 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-04-14T07:18:39 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-04-14T08:51:07 * slim_jim joined the channel
2015-04-14T10:23:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-14T11:08:28 <kasparnet> ping Bosmon
2015-04-14T11:10:35 <Bosmon> ping KASPARENTT!
2015-04-14T11:10:38 <Bosmon> kasparnet
2015-04-14T11:10:51 <kasparnet> howdy Dr. Basssman
2015-04-14T11:11:00 <kasparnet> just looking at: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/296
2015-04-14T11:11:17 <kasparnet> (actually, lemme just update the pull request, which has now been updated with master
2015-04-14T11:12:32 <kasparnet> ok, done
2015-04-14T11:12:45 <kasparnet> so you suggested in a comment to return a rejected promise
2015-04-14T11:12:56 <kasparnet> but we\'re not really using promises in that part of the code
2015-04-14T11:13:07 <Bosmon> Not at the moment, no
2015-04-14T11:13:37 <kasparnet> so not sure what the best approach is here... Should I just log that the entry is invalid (ie. not present in the solution registry) and will be ignored?
2015-04-14T11:14:00 <kasparnet> and then return an empty object for that solution entry (given that it doesn\'t screw up other parts of the code)?
2015-04-14T11:14:41 <Bosmon> I guess that\'s ok, given the report in the initial JIRA
2015-04-14T11:14:49 <Bosmon> Note that the pull request will need a test case too :)
2015-04-14T11:15:34 <kasparnet> Bosmon: cool - got 1/2 a testcase written already
2015-04-14T11:15:42 <Bosmon> great
2015-04-14T11:15:43 <kasparnet> cheers BOSMON!
2015-04-14T11:15:45 <Bosmon> KASPARDNITT :)
2015-04-14T11:34:00 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-04-14T12:10:44 * michelled joined the channel
2015-04-14T12:22:57 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-04-14T12:29:36 * jhung joined the channel
2015-04-14T12:45:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-14T12:45:40 * cindyli has quit
2015-04-14T12:45:58 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-14T12:46:22 * cindyli has quit
2015-04-14T12:46:47 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-14T12:46:55 <sgithens______> GOOD MORNING!
2015-04-14T12:47:03 * cindyli has quit
2015-04-14T12:56:38 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-14T12:56:50 * cindyli has quit
2015-04-14T12:57:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-14T12:59:00 * cindyli has quit
2015-04-14T12:59:31 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:01:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:02:18 * michelled has quit
2015-04-14T13:02:47 * michelled joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:06:16 * anvk joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:20:17 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:23:31 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:32:06 * andres__ joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:32:31 <andres__> hello Bosmon Bosmon7 kasparnet
2015-04-14T13:32:47 <andres__> i\'m configuring windows for the pilots
2015-04-14T13:32:57 <andres__> everything is fine when on branch master
2015-04-14T13:33:15 <andres__> but after switching to branch review3
2015-04-14T13:33:42 <andres__> i receive a socket.io not found exception
2015-04-14T13:33:55 <andres__> http://pastebin.com/bpHBYvGD
2015-04-14T13:34:27 <andres__> can you please take a look at it?
2015-04-14T13:35:48 <Bosmon> This is one for kasparnet :)
2015-04-14T13:35:52 <Bosmon> I have no idea what is in the review3 branch
2015-04-14T13:45:25 * sepideh has quit
2015-04-14T13:46:06 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:46:54 * clown joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:52:58 * andres___ joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:55:43 * jessm joined the channel
2015-04-14T13:57:12 * jhung has quit
2015-04-14T13:57:21 * jessm has quit
2015-04-14T13:59:13 * jessm joined the channel
2015-04-14T14:01:35 * jhung joined the channel
2015-04-14T14:03:08 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-14T14:03:58 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-04-14T14:05:37 * anastasiac has quit
2015-04-14T14:05:38 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2015-04-14T16:51:29 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-04-14T16:51:29 <anastasiac> Justin_o, my FLUID-5550 branch is ready for another review
2015-04-14T16:51:46 * danaayotte has quit
2015-04-14T16:52:48 <jhung> Hi gtirloni. I\'ve read up on how subdomains are supposed to work with github pages. The DNS entry for docs.fluidproject.org should point to fluid-project.github.io.
2015-04-14T16:53:11 <jhung> gtirloni I\'m going to switch to the ops channel
2015-04-14T16:53:33 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks.. i\'ll look again
2015-04-14T16:53:51 <anastasiac> simonjb, do you have a separate jira for the docs redirection work, or are you working under FLUID-5609?
2015-04-14T16:54:21 <simonjb> http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5549
2015-04-14T16:54:30 <anastasiac> thanks
2015-04-14T16:54:39 <jhung> anastasiac, simonjb: Also realized we should have a decent 404 page. Currently we don\'t have one.
2015-04-14T16:54:54 <jhung> they will just get a github pages 404 page
2015-04-14T16:55:20 <anastasiac> jhung, I\xe2\x80\x99ll create a JIRA for that
2015-04-14T16:55:26 <jhung> ok
2015-04-14T16:57:36 <anastasiac> jhung, I left a comment on the 5609 pull request regarding the CNAME file
2015-04-14T16:58:02 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-14T17:04:43 * michelled joined the channel
2015-04-14T17:06:54 <Justin_o> anastasiac: I\'ve merged your FLUID-5550 pull request
2015-04-14T17:07:05 <jhung> ok anastasiac I\'ll take a look
2015-04-14T17:07:12 <anastasiac> yay! thanks, Justin_o
2015-04-14T17:07:39 <jhung> anastasiac: sheesh. Sorry my mistake. Thanks. :)
2015-04-14T17:18:51 <jhung> anastasiac: updated
2015-04-14T17:21:27 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'m looking at the designs that danaayotte posted, and am thinking that either the font is too big in our demo or the frame is too narrow
2015-04-14T17:22:11 <Justin_o> the issue is that the stickey keys turn on/off toggle doesn\'t fit on the same line as the label
2015-04-14T17:22:17 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-04-14T17:22:42 <Justin_o> danaayotte: do you have a feel for which it is?
2015-04-14T17:23:05 <Justin_o> or is it okay if the button is on a different line?
2015-04-14T17:25:06 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I\xe2\x80\x99m going to guess that they should be on the same line, and we should tweak the CSS as necessary
2015-04-14T17:25:34 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-14T17:27:07 <Justin_o> should all the text be smaller, or just the ones on this line?
2015-04-14T17:28:05 <anastasiac> How bad is it, Justin_o? Could we maybe play with the spacing, padding, etc. a bit and not have to change font size?
2015-04-14T17:30:29 <Justin_o> anastasiac: possibly.. i\'ll experiment
2015-04-14T17:31:09 <danaayotte> Justin_o anastasiac: At larger fonts the "Sticky Keys is ON" will have to go to 2 lines, I\'ll mock it up
2015-04-14T17:31:30 <Justin_o> danaayotte: thanks
2015-04-14T17:31:38 <danaayotte> I think the default font in those mockups is smaller than what\'s in the tool now Justin_o
2015-04-14T17:31:58 <Justin_o> danaayotte: did want us to shrink the default size a bit?
2015-04-14T17:32:30 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I suspect that might help. The mockups look more wordy than they used to :-)
2015-04-14T17:35:16 <danaayotte> I think that should be ok Justin_o anastasiac.
2015-04-14T17:40:44 * danaayotte has quit
2015-04-14T17:43:22 <anastasiac> jhung, considering only how the top nav looks (and not how the site responds), how does this look? http://172.16.2.83:8888/sites/infusion-docs/out/
2015-04-14T17:44:29 <michelled> Justin_o: it looks like everyone is in the thick of getting the docs work done. I wonder if it\'s better to not do the meeting today
2015-04-14T17:44:32 <michelled> what do you think?
2015-04-14T17:45:13 <jhung> looks okay anastasiac
2015-04-14T17:45:37 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-14T17:46:15 * slim_jim joined the channel
2015-04-14T17:46:51 <slim_jim> Bosmon: ping
2015-04-14T17:48:04 <slim_jim> anyone know which version of node is currently supported for GPII APfP runtime?
2015-04-14T17:48:17 <slim_jim> I\'m about to do a dev install
2015-04-14T17:48:26 <Bosmon> slim_jim - I can tell you, if you can tell me what APfP means :)
2015-04-14T17:48:47 <slim_jim> Automatic Personalisation from Preferences :)
2015-04-14T17:48:53 <Bosmon> Cool
2015-04-14T17:48:55 <slim_jim> ie what we call the core or architecture
2015-04-14T17:49:02 <Bosmon> Who\'s this "we", white man? : P
2015-04-14T17:49:24 <slim_jim> That is what Gregg used to distinguish it frm other GPII bits n bobs
2015-04-14T17:49:27 <Bosmon> Anyway, yes, we support 0.10.x versions of node
2015-04-14T17:49:46 <slim_jim> any one who play\'s cricket the propper way :D
2015-04-14T17:50:01 <slim_jim> OK Thanks
2015-04-14T17:50:07 <Bosmon> Of which the current is 0.10.38
2015-04-14T17:50:20 <slim_jim> perfect - tah
2015-04-14T17:50:22 <Bosmon> I\'d recommend using that one since I found some bugs, for example, with node 0.10.30
2015-04-14T17:50:27 <Bosmon> Which I had on my machine for a while
2015-04-14T17:50:37 <Bosmon> 0.10.38 seems to work fine
2015-04-14T17:50:40 <slim_jim> Bosmon: so I can update http://wiki.gpii.net/w/Setting_Up_Your_Development_Environment#Windows_Installation_Instructions
2015-04-14T17:50:52 <Bosmon> slim_jim - we had a question on the list recently
2015-04-14T17:51:00 <Bosmon> Which seems to reveal we have multiple places for this information
2015-04-14T17:51:02 <slim_jim> to remove stugg about 0.10.33 bug?
2015-04-14T17:51:04 <Bosmon> We had better consolidate them
2015-04-14T17:51:32 <slim_jim> Yes I saw Qs about unsupported version. The above like should be the goto place realy
2015-04-14T17:51:36 <slim_jim> IMHO
2015-04-14T17:51:48 <Bosmon> Ok
2015-04-14T17:51:57 <Bosmon> Well feel free to delete this page: http://wiki.gpii.net/w/Installing_the_GPII if it is not meant to be current
2015-04-14T17:52:06 <slim_jim> any way can I say in above - use 10:38 and delete stuff about that bug with path?
2015-04-14T17:52:28 <Bosmon> Which bug with path?
2015-04-14T17:52:39 <slim_jim> That page is from MSI - ie not for developers
2015-04-14T17:53:02 <slim_jim> "Node v0.10.33 has a bug with the installer, the folder %APPDATA%\
pm doesn\'t get created. If you see an error like: "Error: ENOENT, stat \'C:\\Users\\<USERNAME>\\AppData\\Roaming\
pm\'" on install, simply create the folder by typing "mkdir %APPDATA%\
pm" "
2015-04-14T17:53:15 <Bosmon> oh wow
2015-04-14T17:53:17 <slim_jim> Has anyone seen that lately?
2015-04-14T17:53:32 <Bosmon> I never saw that bug
2015-04-14T17:53:37 <Bosmon> But I never did before
2015-04-14T17:53:41 <Bosmon> We\'d have to consult who wrote that page
'

