b'2015-07-14T00:46:47 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-07-14T06:54:31 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-14T07:18:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-14T07:35:38 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-14T07:36:08 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-14T09:02:40 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-14T09:17:00 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-07-14T11:27:57 * jhung joined the channel
2015-07-14T12:20:09 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-07-14T12:32:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-07-14T12:38:23 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-14T12:40:24 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-07-14T12:59:14 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-07-14T12:59:23 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:13:05 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:15:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:16:59 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:21:40 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-14T13:25:08 * avtar joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:25:31 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:26:26 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:27:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:51:30 * clown joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:54:20 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:57:40 * danayo joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:58:40 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-07-14T13:59:11 <clown> simonjb:  FYI, there is a new upgrade of VirtualBox:  4.3.30  I\'ve updated and the Xrandr support is improved.  It looks like there is a Windows version: https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Download_Old_Builds_4_3
2015-07-14T13:59:27 <simonjb> thanks clown
2015-07-14T13:59:48 <clown> also, there is a big button on the main page "Download Virtualbox 5.0"  (https://www.virtualbox.org/)
2015-07-14T13:59:58 <clown> you\'re weclome simonjb.
2015-07-14T14:00:40 <clown> looks like there are verions of VB5 for Mac and Windows (and others).
2015-07-14T14:01:16 <avtar> it\'s probably best to stick with virtualbox 4.* for a couple of months
2015-07-14T14:02:13 <clown> avtar, thanks.  I was just about to download 5.  Any thoughts as to why wait?
2015-07-14T14:02:41 <avtar> 5.0 was released a few days ago and i remember reading in that thread that people were experiencing stability issues
2015-07-14T14:02:43 <clown> is it:  wait for version 5.3?  :-)
2015-07-14T14:03:01 <clown> okay.  thanks for the tip.
2015-07-14T14:03:05 <avtar> probably just wait for version 5.1 and make sure all the vagrant features work with it
2015-07-14T14:08:31 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-07-14T14:09:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-07-14T14:10:32 * gtirloni has quit
2015-07-14T14:10:58 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-14T14:18:09 <anastasiac> jhung, sorry I didn\xe2\x80\x99t respond to your question about FLUID-5235/6 yesterday. Looking at them now, I suspect the difference is that 35 refers to the wiki version of the docs, and I suspect 35 is suggesting a change to the HTML version. But I\xe2\x80\x99m guessing, because I don\xe2\x80\x99t remembers specifically.
2015-07-14T14:19:56 <jhung> anastasiac: should any of them be closed / updated? I don\'t know which are still relevant given our change to documentation. We do have a License.txt file with the source, but each .md / .html file does not have a license embedded (or a link to one).
2015-07-14T14:21:33 <anastasiac> jhung, FLUID-5236 is referring to the footer on the new public HTML docs, so I think that\xe2\x80\x99s still relevant, i.e. it\xe2\x80\x99s still a relevant question: Do we want our public docs to state publicly how they\xe2\x80\x99re licensed? If the answer is no, we can close it, but if the answer is yes, we could add a note to the footer under that JIRA.
2015-07-14T14:21:42 <anastasiac> As for the wiki-related JIRA
2015-07-14T14:21:57 <anastasiac> I suppose we could close that, since those docs are \xe2\x80\x98deprecated\'
2015-07-14T14:22:02 <anastasiac> but I\xe2\x80\x99m not sure
2015-07-14T14:22:06 * avtar has quit
2015-07-14T14:22:08 <anastasiac> since we still reference some of them
2015-07-14T14:22:46 <jhung> anastasiac: I think our docs should have at least a link to a license in the footer perhaps. Or maybe just a mention of it being ECL licensed. It\'s short enough to put there.
2015-07-14T14:23:16 <anastasiac> that was my thinking
2015-07-14T14:24:07 <jhung> anastasiac: ok cool. I\'ll keep that on my radar as I\'m working through this docs platform.
2015-07-14T14:24:25 * avtar joined the channel
2015-07-14T14:57:21 * yzen joined the channel
2015-07-14T15:04:20 * danayo has quit
2015-07-14T15:10:32 * danayo joined the channel
2015-07-14T15:15:48 <anastasiac> jhung, I just created a JIRA that involves design work (as well as subsequent implementation) for the Infusion Docs and assigned it to you. It\xe2\x80\x99s not high priority so don\xe2\x80\x99t worry about actually working on it now. I just wanted to capture the thoughts. We could keep it in mind for if/when we\xe2\x80\x99re looking for design work for someone/anyone. https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5707
2015-07-14T15:17:12 <jhung> good point anastasiac. That would definitely be helpful.
2015-07-14T15:26:36 * danayo joined the channel
2015-07-14T15:49:21 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-07-14T15:50:05 <danayo> hello alanharnum good to see you and a delayed welcome!
2015-07-14T15:56:12 <alanharnum> danayo: thanks, good to be here!
2015-07-14T16:00:36 * danayo has quit
2015-07-14T16:05:22 * danayo joined the channel
2015-07-14T16:53:00 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-07-14T17:12:30 * danayo joined the channel
2015-07-14T17:17:25 <cindyli> Bosmon: thanks for your comments on my pull request - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/617. I have a question for one comment - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/617#discussion_r34593046. The other comment has been addressed
2015-07-14T17:37:12 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-07-14T17:56:02 <cindyli> Justin_o, michelled, i\'m ready to take over ePie project. I may need to switch to work a bit on the infusion pull request or AChecker when more comments are in or the server access is granted. Justin_o, should we do the knowledge transfer now?
2015-07-14T17:56:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: sure
2015-07-14T17:57:35 <michelled> I guess you will be working on it together for this week :)
2015-07-14T18:02:11 * michelled has quit
2015-07-14T18:14:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-07-14T18:23:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-07-14T18:30:49 * jhung has quit
2015-07-14T18:42:55 * clown joined the channel
2015-07-14T18:43:04 <clown> /nick clown_mtg
2015-07-14T18:45:10 * danayo joined the channel
2015-07-14T19:49:32 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-07-14T19:49:32 * jhung joined the channel
2015-07-14T19:51:04 * danayo joined the channel
2015-07-14T19:53:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-14T19:58:35 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-07-14T20:20:28 * avtar joined the channel
2015-07-14T20:26:24 * anvk has quit
2015-07-14T20:32:10 * clown joined the channel
2015-07-14T20:38:48 <simonjb> Bosmon, colinclark: who would be the best person to ask a question about the Lifecycle Manager?
2015-07-14T20:38:58 <colinclark> hmm
2015-07-14T20:39:04 <simonjb> Kasper?
2015-07-14T20:39:11 <colinclark> Ideally, but he\'s vacationing
2015-07-14T20:39:22 <simonjb> yeah, I know
2015-07-14T20:39:26 <colinclark> Bosmon knows it well, too, but he\'s conferencing
2015-07-14T20:39:31 <colinclark> jhernandez is another good bet
2015-07-14T20:39:41 <colinclark> i can do my best but probably won\'t be hugely helpful
2015-07-14T20:41:07 <simonjb> I\'m figuring out what the response from the server-side portion of the hybrid flow manager needs to contain https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1224
2015-07-14T20:42:13 <simonjb> I\'ve been looking at the code and I\'ve identified what\'s referenced but it\'s quite a lot of data and I want to make sure that it really is all needed
2015-07-14T20:42:47 <colinclark> I suspect our documentation of this payload is somewhat out of date
2015-07-14T20:42:56 <colinclark> but might be in the wiki
2015-07-14T20:42:56 <simonjb> this is my test data (captured from a real login) https://github.com/simonbates/universal/blob/GPII-1224/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/FakeUntrustedCloudResponse.json
2015-07-14T20:43:41 <colinclark> Yep, your test data looks good of course
2015-07-14T20:44:51 <colinclark> Yeah, the wiki documentation seems painfully out of date
2015-07-14T20:45:28 <simonjb> I\'ve included the parts referenced in lifecycleManager.start https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/lifecycleManager/src/LifecycleManager.js#L393-L438
2015-07-14T20:45:45 <simonjb> and I\'m wondering if it really is all needed
2015-07-14T20:46:15 <colinclark> It seems pretty likely
2015-07-14T20:46:24 <simonjb> ok, cool
2015-07-14T20:46:27 <colinclark> but I\'d have to defer to someone with more hands-on knowledge
2015-07-14T20:46:36 <colinclark> jhernandez or Bosmon if he appears later
2015-07-14T20:47:10 <simonjb> I can work in the assumption that it\'s all needed and check with Kasper when he\'s back
2015-07-14T20:47:19 <simonjb> thanks colinclark
2015-07-14T20:47:30 <colinclark> That sounds reasonable, simonjb
2015-07-14T20:47:42 <colinclark> sorry I\'m not very helpful
2015-07-14T20:49:16 <simonjb> it\'s one of those things that has been somewhat internal so far -- inter-component, but within the same process -- and now that we are splitting it across machines, the data becomes more visible
2015-07-14T20:50:19 <simonjb> unless, maybe we have run the lifecycleManager separately already?
2015-07-14T20:51:24 <simonjb> I guess we do run match makers remotely
2015-07-14T21:28:21 * simonjb has quit
2015-07-14T22:17:24 * danayo joined the channel
2015-07-14T22:22:57 * jhernandez has quit
2015-07-14T22:34:09 * avtar has quit
2015-07-14T22:35:04 * jhernandez joined the channel
'

