b"2015-08-04T21:01:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-08-04T21:02:00 * alanharnum has quit
2015-08-04T21:05:34 * simonjb has quit
2015-08-04T21:20:30 * gtirloni has quit
2015-08-04T21:30:15 <sgithens> oh wait
2015-08-04T21:30:19 * colinclark has quit
2015-08-04T21:30:22 <sgithens> I think it worked!
2015-08-04T21:30:29 <sgithens> I'm sgithens again!
2015-08-04T21:30:49 * anastasiac has quit
2015-08-04T21:48:02 * maozillah has quit
2015-08-04T21:49:04 * Justin_o has quit
2015-08-04T23:06:26 * murilocrivellari has quit
"

b'2015-08-04T16:08:31 <colinclark> anastasiac: 1) Continuing to help avtar with his Quality Infrastructure section for the P4A archictecture deliverable. I think it would help to take on an editioral perspective of someone who doesn\'t know a lot about P4A or its technologies or anything. That section should essentially be self-contained and stand on its own.
2015-08-04T16:09:22 <colinclark> anastasiac: 2) I also think we should start planning out what I\'ll call The Most Excellent and Comprehensive Preferences Framework Tutorial Ever
2015-08-04T16:09:24 <colinclark> :)
2015-08-04T16:09:40 <anastasiac> colinclark, I can certainly help with the \xe2\x80\x9csomeone who doesn\'t know a lot about P4A or its technologies or anything\xe2\x80\x9d perspective :-)
2015-08-04T16:09:45 <slim_> sgithens______: hey tehre
2015-08-04T16:10:15 <anastasiac> and the tutorial sounds interesting. Is there a particular audience in mind, colinclark, or a particular upcoming need that is driving this?
2015-08-04T16:10:35 <colinclark> anastasiac: Yep, PGA round 3
2015-08-04T16:10:45 <anastasiac> colinclark: ah, right :-)
2015-08-04T16:11:02 <colinclark> I don\'t care much if people use the tools or frameworks we\'ve built for it or not
2015-08-04T16:11:04 <anastasiac> Bosmon: \xe2\x80\x9cfluid.notImplemented\xe2\x80\x9d would get my vote
2015-08-04T16:11:25 <colinclark> but I do care that we represent our work as well as possible, make sure its strengths and capabilities are clear and comprehensible
2015-08-04T16:11:38 <colinclark> your architecture document for round 2 was excellent in that regard
2015-08-04T16:11:45 <colinclark> and I wonder if we should have something that\'s a little closer to the code, too
2015-08-04T16:13:25 <anastasiac> colinclark, a comprehensive tutorial for the Prefs Framework would be great to have, for any audience. We have some stuff, but it\xe2\x80\x99s a bit scattered, and probably unintentionally assumes that the reader has some knowledge that we shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t be assuming
2015-08-04T16:13:34 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-08-04T16:13:41 <colinclark> yep, that\'s what I was thinking
2015-08-04T16:13:48 <colinclark> it doesn\'t have to be perfect, nor does it have to be convincing
2015-08-04T16:13:52 <colinclark> but if it was helpful and clear
2015-08-04T16:13:56 <colinclark> that would be a huge improvement for us
2015-08-04T16:13:58 <anastasiac> excellent <hands, rubbing in anticipation/>
2015-08-04T16:13:58 <Bosmon> anastasiac - you should also collaborate with sgithens______ since he is currently at the blunt end of finding out what is involved in adapting the prefs framework output for a real use case
2015-08-04T16:14:17 <colinclark> ah, that\'s a good idea
2015-08-04T16:14:25 <Bosmon> Although he is for the next month or so using the unpleasantly old version of the codebase that was bound to the PMT
2015-08-04T16:14:34 <Bosmon> But I imagine he\'ll have some helpful reflections and inputs to the docs
2015-08-04T16:15:06 <anastasiac> sounds, good, Bosmon. Were you thinking as co-writer, or more as proofreader/editor?
2015-08-04T16:15:29 <anastasiac> and I\xe2\x80\x99m guessing that the code it should be written against is the monster branch
2015-08-04T16:16:06 <Bosmon> anastasiac - I think in two roles - firstly he will have some input to the docs, since he has experimented, for example, in determining exactly how many files need to be touched in order to add a new prefs panel, and secondly as a proofreader, yes
2015-08-04T16:16:25 <Bosmon> anastasiac - monster branch, yes - I imagine in every viable future this branch will be in trunk before the end of the month
2015-08-04T16:16:48 <Bosmon> You should also assume that cindyli \'s https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/617/files will be merged in
2015-08-04T16:26:46 * colinclark has quit
2015-08-04T16:29:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T16:37:39 * cindyli has quit
2015-08-04T16:41:08 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-08-04T16:44:32 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-04T16:45:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: what is the naming question about?
2015-08-04T16:45:47 <Bosmon> Justin_o see above discussion on "abstract invoker" ^
2015-08-04T16:46:16 * avtar joined the channel
2015-08-04T16:48:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i was looking at that, but i don\'t know what that is.
2015-08-04T16:48:23 <Justin_o> is that like an \'abstract method\' from something like Java
2015-08-04T16:48:35 <Justin_o> where we just sort of rough in the name but not the implementation?
2015-08-04T16:49:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and i\'d assume this is just so that we don\'t have to have a  comment in the code that says needs implementation and throws an error if it wasn\'t
2015-08-04T16:49:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is that correct?
2015-08-04T16:49:12 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that\'s correct, yes
2015-08-04T16:49:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so what would happen if they didn\'t provide a proper function in place?
2015-08-04T16:49:31 <Bosmon> Although it is better than that in that it will throw when the grade is instantiated rather than when the invoker is called
2015-08-04T16:49:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah i see
2015-08-04T16:50:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what does the error message look like.. mostly i\'m just curious
2015-08-04T16:50:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I don\'t know in detail, since I haven\'t implemented it yet :)
2015-08-04T16:51:09 <Bosmon> But I imagine it will say, "grade Xxxxx cannot be instantiated since it includes an invoker named Yyyyyy which needs to be overridden with a concrete function implementation"
2015-08-04T16:52:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m leaning towards fluid.notImplemented too, but am wondering if there is a better phrasing for what will show up in the configuration...
2015-08-04T16:52:57 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/rOTXssRJ/
2015-08-04T16:53:38 <Justin_o> i guess that\'s not so bad, but would be nice if there was something that could also direct the integrator to actually implement it.
2015-08-04T16:54:01 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think that would already be valid since we accept a raw String as an invoker configuration representing a funcName
2015-08-04T16:54:09 <Bosmon> That is, what you pasted in the pastebin would already be valid
2015-08-04T16:54:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - can you think of a better way we could direct the integrator to implement the function?
2015-08-04T16:54:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you\'re better with words than me :)
2015-08-04T16:55:39 <Bosmon> Ok
2015-08-04T16:55:52 <Bosmon> Well, it looks like we\'ve got extremely clear support in favour of "fluid.notImplemented" at least
2015-08-04T16:56:12 <Justin_o> yah
2015-08-04T17:02:35 <slim_> kasparnet: ping
2015-08-04T17:05:48 <kasparnet> slim_: pong
2015-08-04T17:06:47 <slim_> kasparnet: hey - can you include Amrish and Hens in the doodle forthe listners pow-wow? They\'ve been looking at it from the LGS viewpoint
2015-08-04T17:06:58 <kasparnet> yup, will do
2015-08-04T17:07:05 <slim_> tah.
2015-08-04T17:07:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-08-04T17:17:36 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T17:18:19 * slim_ has quit
2015-08-04T17:18:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T17:37:26 <maozillah> anastasiac:
2015-08-04T17:38:07 <maozillah> on the note of a new comprehensive tutorial, I started going through the tutorial on the site right now near the beginning of my time here and had some notes
2015-08-04T17:38:28 <anastasiac> oh, excellent, maozillah, your perspective will be really helpful, thanks
2015-08-04T17:38:53 <anastasiac> could you email them to me, maozillah? And I can follow up in person
2015-08-04T17:39:17 <maozillah> sounds good :)
2015-08-04T17:46:18 * jessm has quit
2015-08-04T18:10:48 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-08-04T18:22:55 <simonjb> hey Bosmon
2015-08-04T18:24:01 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ve been running the universal/tests/web/html/all-tests.html and getting some failures on gpii-oauth2 tests
2015-08-04T18:24:13 <simonjb> Bosmon: missing mockjax
2015-08-04T18:24:58 <simonjb> Bosmon: the related commit sees to be https://github.com/simonbates/universal/commit/d4141b855e3de2b1943cfe1acc71633b549e0a5f
2015-08-04T18:25:11 <simonjb> where I moved the tests around
2015-08-04T18:26:02 <simonjb> we had a copy of mockjax.js down at the gpii-oauth2 level but removed it and instead referenced on in the top level node_modules/infusion
2015-08-04T18:26:43 <simonjb> except that infusion had an .npmignore which ignores tests/lib/mockjax
2015-08-04T18:26:48 <simonjb> so it\'s missing
2015-08-04T18:27:56 <simonjb> I\'m not sure how it was working before (maybe browser caching, or maybe I had a manually cloned infusion instead of one set up by npm)
2015-08-04T18:33:05 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-08-04T18:33:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-08-04T18:34:19 * slim_ has quit
2015-08-04T18:34:24 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-08-04T18:35:40 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-04T18:48:29 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T18:50:27 <Bosmon> simonjb - thanks for spotting that
2015-08-04T18:50:31 <Bosmon> Is the fix quite easy?
2015-08-04T18:52:54 <simonjb> Bosmon: I think just putting back mockjax.js
2015-08-04T18:53:04 <Bosmon> ok cool
2015-08-04T18:54:02 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-04T18:56:47 <simonjb> Bosmon: also, I\'d like to write a unit test for some of the filtering logic (gpii.flowManager.cloudBased.privacy.filter) what technology should I use for that testing? We have some tests in gpii/node_modules/flowManager/test that are all kettle tests -- is that what I should use?
2015-08-04T18:57:18 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ll put back mockjax.js and make a pull request
2015-08-04T18:57:21 <Bosmon> simonjb - it depends whether the tests have a dependency on any HTTP infrastructure
2015-08-04T18:57:25 <Bosmon> simonjb - thanks so much!
2015-08-04T18:57:59 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'m thinking not, I want to test just the filtering logic
2015-08-04T18:58:25 <simonjb> that is: no HTTP infrastructure dependency
2015-08-04T18:58:36 <Bosmon> simonjb - in that case, it would be great if they could be browser-based tests, like the ones for the LifecycleManager
2015-08-04T18:58:44 <Bosmon> but this may require some refactoring of the core implementation
2015-08-04T18:58:45 <simonjb> ok cool
2015-08-04T18:58:54 <Bosmon> But feel free to do that if it looks doable
2015-08-04T18:59:01 <simonjb> I will take a look at the LifecycleManager tests
2015-08-04T18:59:10 <simonjb> thanks!
2015-08-04T18:59:20 <Bosmon> simonjb - you may have to split off some of these utilities into their own file: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/CloudBasedFlowManager.js#L201
2015-08-04T18:59:24 <Bosmon> But that would be no bad thing in any case
2015-08-04T18:59:45 <simonjb> ok
2015-08-04T19:00:26 <simonjb> and in terms for the gpii-oauth2 test fixing -- what is our practice for small changes like that? new jira or use say GPII-17?
2015-08-04T19:00:37 <Bosmon> simonjb - I\'m ok with reusing GPII-17
2015-08-04T19:00:45 <simonjb> cool, thanks Bosmon
2015-08-04T19:00:51 <Bosmon> Especially if our current tests aren\'t passing for that work : P
2015-08-04T19:01:04 <simonjb> indeed
2015-08-04T19:01:06 <simonjb> :)
2015-08-04T19:01:11 <Bosmon> IF ONLY we had a build infrastructure that would let us see this....... on a DASHBOARD!
2015-08-04T19:01:31 <simonjb> IMAGINE!
2015-08-04T19:08:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T19:18:59 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-04T19:29:12 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T19:44:09 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T19:47:52 * jhung has quit
2015-08-04T19:54:13 <colinclark> simonjb, Bosmon: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Preferences_Server_Security
2015-08-04T19:54:23 <colinclark> These are the notes from our conversation last week, tweaked a bit
2015-08-04T19:54:32 <colinclark> I also reorganized some of the security pages in the wiki
2015-08-04T19:54:40 <colinclark> renaming, and reprioritizing the Security Dashboard
2015-08-04T19:54:46 <colinclark> There was a lot of cruft
2015-08-04T19:54:59 <colinclark> old notes from Boyan back before the first big hackathon in Boulder in like 2012
2015-08-04T19:55:04 <Bosmon> :)
2015-08-04T19:55:09 <Bosmon> Thanks, colinclark, this looks great
2015-08-04T19:55:16 <colinclark> Stuff that was specific to Prosperity4All, yet labelled as "GPII Security"
2015-08-04T19:55:17 <colinclark> etc.
2015-08-04T19:55:34 <Bosmon> Our constant battle against CRUFT continues
2015-08-04T19:55:38 <colinclark> I\'d like to figure out a plan for moving forward with this work as soon as possible
2015-08-04T19:55:46 <colinclark> You\'ll be busy for now with NEW NEW NEW Kettle, Bosmon
2015-08-04T19:55:54 <colinclark> simonjb your plate is seeming full
2015-08-04T19:56:02 <colinclark> it\'s something we can talk about at the Architecture meeting tomorrow
2015-08-04T19:56:15 <colinclark> but perhaps I can help once this round of reports is done
2015-08-04T20:01:13 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T20:07:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T20:13:14 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T20:15:54 * anvk has quit
2015-08-04T20:24:59 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-04T20:29:14 * cindyli has quit
2015-08-04T20:29:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T20:34:11 * avtar has quit
2015-08-04T20:45:46 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-04T20:50:59 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T21:01:37 * alanharnum has quit
'

b'2015-08-04T06:42:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-08-04T06:51:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T06:55:29 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T06:55:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T11:02:20 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T11:02:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T11:07:28 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T11:57:43 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T12:05:34 * jhung joined the channel
2015-08-04T12:25:56 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-08-04T12:45:31 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-08-04T12:46:16 * anvk joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:04:09 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:05:30 * jessm joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:15:47 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:21:19 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:36:36 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:37:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:39:33 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-08-04T13:40:41 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-04T13:40:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:40:51 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-08-04T13:41:07 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:46:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:46:43 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-04T13:47:02 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:51:44 * Steve joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:52:14 * Steve is now known as slim_
2015-08-04T13:52:58 <slim_> hey kasparnet:
2015-08-04T13:54:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon, gtirloni: has the deployed version of the branch for https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/591 been updated? Are things ready to do more testing today?
2015-08-04T13:55:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I believe it\'s updated and ready, yes
2015-08-04T13:55:30 <gtirloni> yep
2015-08-04T13:55:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon, gtirloni: thanks :) i\'ll try to round up people for testing after standup today
2015-08-04T13:56:57 <Justin_o> jhung: not sure if you saw, but i left a comment on this pull request last week https://github.com/fluid-project/fluidproject.org/pull/7
2015-08-04T13:58:00 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-08-04T13:58:28 <jhung> Justin_o: thanks for the reminder. I\'ll fix that.
2015-08-04T13:59:07 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2015-08-04T14:06:16 <kasparnet> slim_: Hey sorry -- missed your ping
2015-08-04T14:12:28 * yzen joined the channel
2015-08-04T14:13:05 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-08-04T14:17:33 <kasparnet> Hey slim, I assume you pinged me re: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1188
2015-08-04T14:17:53 <kasparnet> This is great! I didn\'t remember that a logout option existed
2015-08-04T14:18:25 <kasparnet> so a few questions (for some reason I\'m always confused about the windows listener code):
2015-08-04T14:20:14 <kasparnet> (1) Is there an official GPII repo for those listeners (2) are there different versions of those listeners (eg. one from you, one from Hens)? (3) what "various tray icons" are you referring to in the JIRA?
2015-08-04T14:21:10 <kasparnet> I think we should ensure that there is only a single version of the listeners, somewhere officiel, linked from all the official places (install instructions, etc)
2015-08-04T14:21:23 <kasparnet> sgithens______: perhaps you know about some of the questions above as well
2015-08-04T14:21:38 <slim_> kasparnet: yes that\'s correct.I just checked by installing
2015-08-04T14:22:51 <slim_> 1) When I made the PR I expected you guys to copy the release into such a place and manage as part of your releases. But I guess that doesn\'t happen yet. Could disucss at meeting
2015-08-04T14:23:59 <slim_> so there are 3 listeners to my knowledge, My RFID and USB ones plus whatever Hens created. The 1st each have their own icon. Don\'t know about Hens\'
2015-08-04T14:24:48 <slim_> SO we might be better moving towards a single GPII tray icon that listeners and other apps register with as plugins and add menu items
2015-08-04T14:26:19 <slim_> we could alternativel just create a single listener that has the functionality of all 3 and we add stuff. However we previously decided to keep RFID and USB seperate
2015-08-04T14:26:59 <slim_> DO we know of any other future windows apps that might need UI in the tray icon? New listeners?
2015-08-04T14:27:06 <slim_> kasparnet: ^^^
2015-08-04T14:27:57 <slim_> kasparnet: rats, USB listener is crashing on WIN10. I don\'t have win 8 anymore to test. Need a VM
2015-08-04T14:28:12 <slim_> sgithens______:   ^^^
2015-08-04T14:30:01 <kasparnet> slim_: 1) which PR are you referring to?
2015-08-04T14:31:01 <Justin_o> maozillah: do you have time to show me this issue https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5731. I wasn\'t able to reproduce it.
2015-08-04T14:32:19 <maozillah> Justin_o: yea do you to come over?
2015-08-04T14:32:24 <slim_> kasparnet: Looks like https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/29 - a little bit stale
2015-08-04T14:32:48 <Justin_o> maozillah: okay
2015-08-04T14:33:42 <slim_> kasparnet: I said "I made release Listeners_V1.3.0 in my repository, but obviously can\'t do in GPII/Windos as do not have commit rights. Hopefully you can pull it in as well as the code." not very clear really
2015-08-04T14:34:59 <slim_> kasparnet: sgithens______ Shall we arrange a windows listeners powwow to get a strategy
2015-08-04T14:35:31 <kasparnet> slim_: sorry for being slow in responding... I was in a gotomeeting at the same time :)
2015-08-04T14:35:42 <slim_> ah - NP.
2015-08-04T14:36:02 <kasparnet> slim_: I agree that they should at least be merged to the extend that we have a maximum of two listeners (or X listeners) - 1 for each listener type
2015-08-04T14:36:33 <kasparnet> having a single tray icon would be preferable, but not of that high priority, imo
2015-08-04T14:36:59 <kasparnet> there will be some work, I believe, before the review, moving the login/logout state from the individual listeners to the core architecture
2015-08-04T14:37:05 <slim_> SO the problem is that sgithens______ RFID is c# and mine C++ and use different APIS. We might be able to merge and C# would be way to go I guess.
2015-08-04T14:37:30 <kasparnet> which should simplify the listeners a bit
2015-08-04T14:37:50 <kasparnet> in terms of future functionality using a try icon, I think the PCP is a good candidate for this
2015-08-04T14:38:13 <kasparnet> and potentially, the ability to launch the PMT might be useful/needed as well
2015-08-04T14:38:22 <slim_> Yes there\'s am issue for that. I very nearly addeda command line switch to mine to turn state off so you can work on it with a listener
2015-08-04T14:38:37 <kasparnet> nice
2015-08-04T14:39:06 <kasparnet> In either case, I think a windows user listeners plan pow-wow would probably make sense... Bosmon might be interested in joining as well
2015-08-04T14:39:12 <kasparnet> should I send out a doodle?
2015-08-04T14:39:15 <slim_> Ahah! yes PCP is another local app to launch. What tech is that?
2015-08-04T14:39:28 <kasparnet> javascript
2015-08-04T14:39:29 <slim_> cool! Lets do it!
2015-08-04T14:39:48 <kasparnet> but it will probably be wrapped in some native chrome of sorts
2015-08-04T14:39:56 <kasparnet> ok - I\'ll send out a doodle poll
2015-08-04T14:40:23 <slim_> Was think JS login with native API bindings would be a good solution for task icon. Assume is possible. Most likely in WIn10 with universal Apps
2015-08-04T14:40:30 <slim_> coolio!
2015-08-04T14:41:41 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-08-04T14:43:32 <Bosmon> We should try to make sure that whatever approach we come up with works at least as far back as Win 7, which is part of the general portability profile of the GPII
2015-08-04T14:43:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-08-04T14:43:51 <slim_> Bosmon: +1
2015-08-04T14:44:09 <Bosmon> Although of course there may be nice new APIs in more recent Windows that lets us construct some prototype impls more quickly
2015-08-04T14:44:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-08-04T14:51:46 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-08-04T14:55:56 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T14:59:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-08-04T15:14:43 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-04T15:21:52 <jhung> colinclark: I was doing some research into accessible menus and came across this: https://github.com/adobe-accessibility/Accessible-Mega-Menu#screen-reader-accessibility
2015-08-04T15:22:20 <jhung> I was wondering if you have a moment to check it out and let me know if you have any thoughts.
2015-08-04T15:22:36 <jhung> demo here: http://adobe-accessibility.github.io/Accessible-Mega-Menu/
2015-08-04T15:25:16 <colinclark> It\'s weird, jhung, I don\'t seem to be able to move keyboard focus to is
2015-08-04T15:25:18 <colinclark> to it
2015-08-04T15:25:20 <colinclark> in Firefox
2015-08-04T15:25:43 <colinclark> It seems okay in Chrome
2015-08-04T15:26:43 <jhung> I can tab focus it in FF colinclark.
2015-08-04T15:26:49 <colinclark> how odd
2015-08-04T15:27:26 <jhung> I was talking to Heidi and she has concerns that the nav items are always exposed even when visually hidden. Jan agrees.
2015-08-04T15:28:41 <colinclark> Exposed how, jhung?
2015-08-04T15:28:57 <colinclark> I\'ve never seen this before, but it seems to have special casing for Chromevox built into it
2015-08-04T15:30:34 <anastasiac> fluid-everyone: we\xe2\x80\x99re back to doing stand-up in the Collab room again
2015-08-04T15:31:17 <colinclark> Of course, maozillah\'s issue in JIRA reminded me of the fix, jhung: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5731
2015-08-04T15:31:42 <colinclark> In the old days, this setting only applied to Safari, but it looks like Firefox has started listening to it, too.
2015-08-04T15:31:53 <colinclark> Chrome, however, ignores it
2015-08-04T15:34:50 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-04T15:36:14 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-04T15:40:24 <Bosmon> So, colinclark - I\'m thinking of implementing a thing that I\'m thinking of calling.... "fluid.missingFunction"
2015-08-04T15:40:32 <colinclark> ?!
2015-08-04T15:40:37 <colinclark> What will it do?
2015-08-04T15:40:38 <colinclark> :)
2015-08-04T15:40:51 <Bosmon> The idea is that the definition of what you could call an "abstract invoker" initially uses this funcName
2015-08-04T15:41:03 <Bosmon> So this is a function which... not only is missing, but that the framework KNOWS that it is missing
2015-08-04T15:41:28 <Bosmon> And should anyone attempt to instantiate a component whose invoker definition refers to this funcName without overriding it, there will be an error at construct time rather than at invoker time
2015-08-04T15:49:39 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-04T15:54:57 <colinclark> Bosmon: I have often wanted something like this
2015-08-04T15:55:11 <colinclark> since my standard technique in "base grades" is to implement the invoker using fluid.identity()
2015-08-04T15:55:17 <Bosmon> colinclark - right
2015-08-04T15:55:22 <colinclark> which provides no opportunity for an error
2015-08-04T15:55:33 <Bosmon> I guess this will represent the first halting steps towards what we could call Infusion\'s "TYPE SYSTEM"
2015-08-04T15:55:47 <colinclark> yes
2015-08-04T15:55:59 <Bosmon> In that now there will be a concrete situation which could be called having an "abstract grade"
2015-08-04T15:56:40 <Bosmon> Separate, I guess, from the one which we already had represented by a "pure mixin grade" - which is one that has no concrete parent grade at all
2015-08-04T15:57:27 <Bosmon> But this kind of thing keeps coming up, and it\'s a bit silly to expect users to adopt our current "best practice" which is to give a concrete implementation to the invoker\'s original implementation which fires a suitable error message if used
2015-08-04T15:57:58 <Bosmon> It all smells too familiarly of Smalltalk\'s "DOES NOT UNDERSTAND MESSAGE" stuff : P
2015-08-04T16:02:32 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: if you have time to help with another round of testing for the big pull request ( https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/591 ) please sign up for tasks at  https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Testing+Tasks
2015-08-04T16:03:24 <colinclark> Bosmon: SELECTOR NOT RECOGNIZED
2015-08-04T16:04:01 <colinclark> jhung: I\'m curious about this "nav items are always exposed" issue
2015-08-04T16:04:16 <colinclark> I had a very briefly look at the code for the mega menu, and it looks okay
2015-08-04T16:04:21 <colinclark> It\'s not wildly configurable
2015-08-04T16:04:27 <colinclark> not particularly well-factored
2015-08-04T16:04:30 <colinclark> no unit tests
2015-08-04T16:04:56 <colinclark> but it\'s a lot like other jQuery plugins, and relative to others we often encounter, probably of somewhat higher quality
2015-08-04T16:05:23 <colinclark> anastasiac: Two things I was thinking about in terms of work you could help with
2015-08-04T16:05:43 <Bosmon> colinclark - going further from my observation over the weekend that "new-style namespaced listeners are often a superior substitute for invokers", the failure would also occur if we discovered a listener registered for an event that was bound to the fluid.missingFunction name
2015-08-04T16:05:56 <colinclark> right
2015-08-04T16:06:03 <Bosmon> But - I guess this raises a little bit of a familiar kind of perennial naming discussion
2015-08-04T16:06:11 <Bosmon> Do we like "fluid.missingFunction"?
2015-08-04T16:06:27 <Bosmon> Other things I considered were "fluid.noFunction", "fluid.abstractFunction" and the like
2015-08-04T16:06:36 <Bosmon> "fluid.notImplemented"
2015-08-04T16:06:43 <Bosmon> "fluid.needsOverride" : P
2015-08-04T16:06:44 <Bosmon> etc.
2015-08-04T16:06:46 <colinclark> I\'m gravitating towards one of the latter
2015-08-04T16:07:01 <colinclark> My initial thought was "fluid.unimplementedFunction"
2015-08-04T16:07:13 <colinclark> but I think fluid.notImplemented is actually preferable
2015-08-04T16:07:23 <Bosmon> cool - any votes, fluid-everyone?
2015-08-04T16:08:23 * sepideh has quit
'

