b'2015-10-21T22:10:33 <avtar> colin posted this http://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/architecture/2015-October/003709.html
2015-10-21T22:11:54 <avtar> i\'ve added you as a collaborator to my repo but that doesn\'t sound admin-y enough to move it
2015-10-21T22:26:53 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-10-21T22:28:28 <Bosmon> avtar - that\'s correct
2015-10-21T22:28:41 <Bosmon> You would need to add me as "admin"
2015-10-21T22:37:30 <avtar> it looks like i can only add you as a collaborator
2015-10-21T22:37:51 <avtar> admins appear to be a github organization account feature
2015-10-21T22:37:56 <avtar> Bosmon ^
2015-10-21T22:39:04 <Bosmon> github organization account feature......
2015-10-21T22:40:16 <Bosmon> avtar - sorry - "owner"
2015-10-21T22:40:29 <Bosmon> That is, I believe, collaborator in the role of "owner"
2015-10-21T22:41:10 <Bosmon> No
2015-10-21T22:41:13 <Bosmon> It is "admin" after all
2015-10-21T22:41:22 <Bosmon> avtar - once you add a collaborator, there is a dropdown to the right
2015-10-21T22:41:30 <Bosmon> In which you can select "Admin"
2015-10-21T22:43:50 <avtar> hmm
2015-10-21T22:43:55 <avtar> why am i not seeing this
2015-10-21T22:44:02 <Bosmon> I cannot explain it
2015-10-21T22:45:08 <Bosmon> Oh, that\'s interesting
2015-10-21T22:45:14 <Bosmon> I couldn\'t do it for a personal repo
2015-10-21T22:45:53 <avtar> for a personal repo i think i have to transfer ownership to you
2015-10-21T22:45:59 <Bosmon> I see
2015-10-21T22:46:01 <Bosmon> Is that possible?
2015-10-21T22:46:38 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-21T22:47:00 <avtar> Bosmon: request sent
2015-10-21T22:47:22 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-21T22:48:38 <Bosmon> Ok avtar - it\'s there: https://github.com/GPII/qi-development-environments
2015-10-21T22:48:48 <avtar> thank you!
2015-10-21T22:48:57 <Bosmon> no worries
2015-10-21T22:49:14 <Bosmon> Except for my current worry of installing Visual Studio Express Desktop 2013
2015-10-21T22:49:18 <Bosmon> This is a fairly significant worry
2015-10-21T22:49:30 <Bosmon> It seems that this is essential for any node 4 era work on Windows....
2015-10-21T22:50:13 <Bosmon> And it\'s one of those offensive installers that comes with no options
2015-10-21T22:50:20 <Bosmon> Apparently I now have a XAML UI DESIGNER
2015-10-21T22:50:49 <Bosmon> And some MS SQL Server 2012 CLR TYPES
2015-10-21T22:50:53 <Bosmon> I didn\'t want any of these things
2015-10-21T22:57:49 <Bosmon> HOLY CRAP I DID IT
2015-10-21T22:57:53 <Bosmon> I INSTALLED MARKY MARKDOWN!!!
2015-10-21T22:58:00 <Bosmon> Ok, it\'s time for dinner
2015-10-21T22:59:48 <avtar> marky markdown...
2015-10-21T22:59:50 <avtar> xD
2015-10-21T23:10:12 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-21T23:12:13 * jhung joined the channel
'

b'2015-10-21T16:57:21 <Bosmon> colinclark - I believe we are, if that is the category we have for such repositories
2015-10-21T16:57:30 <colinclark> That is the only category we have this, yes
2015-10-21T16:57:33 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-21T16:57:41 <colinclark> I\'m fine with it, we just need to make it clear
2015-10-21T16:57:46 <simonjb> kasparne_, Bosmon: when would work for you both to chat about the hybrid flow manager pull?
2015-10-21T16:57:59 <Bosmon> Some time tomorrow?
2015-10-21T16:58:01 <colinclark> I believe sgithens made an HTML page for the GPII github org, which lists core vs. emerging repos
2015-10-21T16:58:16 <colinclark> we might also want to consider some criteria for when this will become core
2015-10-21T16:58:32 <colinclark> I think it makes sense, for convenience, to classify it as emerging for now
2015-10-21T16:58:33 <Bosmon> Perhaps 10am EST, 3pm GMT 4pm ET
2015-10-21T16:58:37 <colinclark> but it\'s already very solid code
2015-10-21T16:58:45 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-21T16:59:03 <simonjb> Bosmon: I won\'t be available tomorrow until 1pm EST
2015-10-21T16:59:30 <simonjb> but would be available all day Friday
2015-10-21T17:00:10 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-21T17:00:15 <Bosmon> Friday\'s good for me
2015-10-21T17:00:33 <simonjb> kasparne_ ?
2015-10-21T17:00:59 <simonjb> Friday 10am EST, 3pm GMT 4pm ET
2015-10-21T17:01:22 <simonjb> is that good for you Bosmon?
2015-10-21T17:01:56 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2015-10-21T17:02:32 <Bosmon> simonjb - that\'s good
2015-10-21T17:06:24 * yzen has quit
2015-10-21T17:06:51 * kasparne_ has quit
2015-10-21T17:08:25 <avtar> Bosmon, colinclark, clown_mtg, jhernandez, or anyone else who was on the arch call
2015-10-21T17:08:45 <avtar> this is my fork and branch https://github.com/avtar/linux/tree/GPII-1258/
2015-10-21T17:09:08 <clown_mtg> thanks avtar.  Is it worth adding to the pirate pad?
2015-10-21T17:09:16 <avtar> clown_mtg: will do
2015-10-21T17:09:25 <clown_mtg> cool, avtar.
2015-10-21T17:12:46 <avtar> clown_mtg: added the details starting at line 40 http://piratepad.net/c4a-arch-21-10-2015
2015-10-21T17:14:02 <avtar> clown_mtg: i think you might have an old fedora22 vm since you helped test my first round of changes
2015-10-21T17:14:58 <avtar> you\'ll need to remove that: vagrant box remove inclusivedesign/fedora22
2015-10-21T17:20:11 * colinclark has quit
2015-10-21T17:25:01 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-10-21T17:36:54 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-21T17:39:24 * slim__ has quit
2015-10-21T17:49:19 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-10-21T17:50:45 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-21T17:53:09 * clown_mtg is now known as clown
2015-10-21T18:08:37 <kasparnet> I have to be somewhere at 16:00 on friday
2015-10-21T18:08:44 <kasparnet> cest
2015-10-21T18:09:30 <simonjb> kasparnet: would an hour earlier work?
2015-10-21T18:09:41 <kasparnet> yeah
2015-10-21T18:09:43 <kasparnet> that\'d be good
2015-10-21T18:09:57 <simonjb> Bosmon: would 2pm GMT Friday work for you?
2015-10-21T18:10:32 <Bosmon> simonjb - sure
2015-10-21T18:10:53 <simonjb> awesome thanks kasparnet and Bosmon
2015-10-21T18:11:14 <kasparnet> great - I\'m putting it in my calendar
2015-10-21T18:14:21 <Bosmon> OF COURSE people like to see things blowing up!
2015-10-21T18:14:42 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-21T18:15:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-21T18:31:06 * alanharnum has quit
2015-10-21T18:34:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-21T18:37:37 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-10-21T18:54:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-21T18:59:34 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-21T19:15:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-21T19:23:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-21T19:55:48 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-21T19:58:06 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-10-21T20:09:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-21T20:20:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I was talking with avtar about https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery-server/pull/2
2015-10-21T20:20:33 <Justin_o> he was saying it should be good now, they  made changes to the ansible stuff that this pulls in, so there shouldn\'t be any need to update the pull request to have things working
2015-10-21T20:21:27 <Bosmon> ok, very good
2015-10-21T20:21:34 <Bosmon> Shall I merge it in?
2015-10-21T20:22:07 <Bosmon> simonjb - I think your hybrid pull looks very good, just with a bit of minor renaming - it could be merged in but I just wanted to check in with kasparnet that it\'s appropriate and won\'t disrupt anything
2015-10-21T20:22:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes please, if you think it\'s ready
2015-10-21T20:22:49 <Justin_o> you may want to test it out again just to double check that it does in fact work on windows
2015-10-21T20:23:20 <simonjb> thanks very much Bosmon for taking a look, I\'d like to chat with you and kasparnet on Friday before we merge
2015-10-21T20:23:27 <Bosmon> simonjb - very good
2015-10-21T20:23:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - oh yes, I should check out that your port configuration change works
2015-10-21T20:23:47 <Bosmon> Since that was the only remaining problem getting it running
2015-10-21T20:24:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: port configuration change?
2015-10-21T20:24:40 <Justin_o> i don\'t remember if i changed anything for that
2015-10-21T20:24:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think you didn\'t
2015-10-21T20:24:51 <Bosmon> I had asked avtar to consult you about it : P
2015-10-21T20:24:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  oh, oops
2015-10-21T20:25:05 <Justin_o> can you leave a comment on the pull request
2015-10-21T20:25:12 <Justin_o> i\'ll look into it tomorrow
2015-10-21T20:25:13 <Bosmon> ok sure
2015-10-21T20:25:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2015-10-21T20:25:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m also working on https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5795
2015-10-21T20:25:53 <Justin_o> i\'ll see how far i can get on that tomorrow too
2015-10-21T20:29:22 <simonjb> Bosmon: the "visual\\.luminance" that you have commented on comes from a test file that is specific to that test (rather than from the testData directory) https://github.com/simonbates/universal/blob/GPII-1224/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/test/data/matchmaker.output.payload.json
2015-10-21T20:29:41 <simonjb> it\'s a captured payload
2015-10-21T20:29:56 <simonjb> that I test the privacy filter against
2015-10-21T20:30:34 <Bosmon> simonjb - I see, ok
2015-10-21T20:30:41 <simonjb> by capturing a payload, I wanted to make sure that I was testing something realistic
2015-10-21T20:31:09 <simonjb> but now I\'m wondering if that was the right decision -- given that the payload or data might evolve
2015-10-21T20:31:23 <simonjb> as your comment shows
2015-10-21T20:31:30 <Bosmon> Well, I think it\'s definitely appropriate for a test case
2015-10-21T20:31:36 <Bosmon> Given we need to be testing something fixed in a unit test
2015-10-21T20:32:13 <Bosmon> But this highlights the fact that the preferences set that the output was drawn from still hasn\'t been updated to the correct term
2015-10-21T20:32:16 <Bosmon> The set "li"
2015-10-21T20:32:32 <simonjb> yes, I just want to make sure that it is really useful for what is testing and isn\'t a maintenance burden
2015-10-21T20:33:12 <Bosmon> I guess we can just say it\'s a separate task for kasparnet (or whoever) to fix this term across the project
2015-10-21T20:33:56 <simonjb> should I go ahead and update this test data file or do you want to make that part of the system-wide update?
2015-10-21T20:35:29 <Bosmon> Perhaps best to leave it, yes
2015-10-21T20:35:37 <simonjb> ok
2015-10-21T20:35:40 <Bosmon> I guess before long we will have to start supplying versions on our paylods
2015-10-21T20:35:43 <Bosmon> payloads
2015-10-21T20:35:48 <simonjb> shall we make a JIRA?
2015-10-21T20:36:04 <simonjb> for the update and I can include a pointer to this file in the description
2015-10-21T20:36:12 <Bosmon> Yes, would you be able to?
2015-10-21T20:36:15 <Bosmon> That would be great, thanks
2015-10-21T20:36:16 <simonjb> sure
2015-10-21T20:36:20 <simonjb> will do it now
2015-10-21T20:36:46 <Bosmon> I made some early experiments today trying to update our configuration files to accepting JSON5 - https://github.com/aseemk/json5
2015-10-21T20:36:53 <Bosmon> I found that this ... was NEARLY usable
2015-10-21T20:37:07 <Bosmon> unfortunately the reference parser doesn\'t supply line number information on parse failures
2015-10-21T20:37:15 <Bosmon> For which it can\'t completely be blamed, the reference JSON parser doesn\'t either
2015-10-21T20:37:33 <Bosmon> But I guess we\'ll have to hold off for a bit before I can issue a pull against the parser
2015-10-21T20:37:55 <Bosmon> It would be SO helpful to have some comments in our giant, rambling configuration files
2015-10-21T20:37:58 <Bosmon> And preference sets
2015-10-21T20:38:13 <simonjb> yes, agreed, comments would be great
2015-10-21T20:38:20 <Bosmon> SECONDARY NOTATION!
2015-10-21T20:38:26 <simonjb> :)
2015-10-21T20:39:49 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-21T20:40:22 <simonjb> Bosmon: this is what we want? https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/preferences/condTest.json#L38
2015-10-21T20:40:44 <clown> truly is a Back to the Future Day:  http://healthycanadians.gc.ca/recall-alert-rappel-avis/tc/2015/55494r-eng.php
2015-10-21T20:40:48 <Bosmon> simonjb - yes, that one has the correct term
2015-10-21T20:41:10 <Bosmon> clown - yes, and Trudeau is president again :)
2015-10-21T20:41:51 <simonjb> https://youtu.be/WNIDcT0Zdj4
2015-10-21T20:43:40 <clown> Bosmon, indeed.  And, Richard Nixon predicted it:  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CRw9nLQUkAAsnW5.jpg:large
2015-10-21T20:44:12 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-21T20:51:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-21T20:51:48 <Bosmon> clown - yes, you can clearly see he is presidential material in this shot: http://i.huffpost.com/gen/992957/images/o-PIERRE-JUSTIN-TRUDEAU-facebook.jpg
2015-10-21T20:52:59 <clown> Bosmon:  just noticed, but you MUST mean prime minister(ial).
2015-10-21T20:53:27 <simonjb> Bosmon: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1326
2015-10-21T20:54:01 <simonjb> Bosmon: how should this issue be labeled to make sure it is visible in the right places?
2015-10-21T20:54:07 <Bosmon> clown - oh yes, of course - I keep forgetting you\'re not ruled by France : P
2015-10-21T20:54:43 <Bosmon> simonjb - I think it\'s clear enough - I\'ll make sure I bug kasparnet about it :)
2015-10-21T20:54:57 <simonjb> okay, thanks Bosmon
2015-10-21T20:55:03 <clown> Bosmon, right, just by Elizabeth II.
2015-10-21T20:58:00 <alanharnum> the only thing i\'m ruled by
2015-10-21T20:58:02 <alanharnum> is rock and roll
2015-10-21T21:01:58 <clown> igneous and twinkies???
2015-10-21T21:02:04 <clown> ciao, all.
2015-10-21T21:02:10 * clown has quit
2015-10-21T21:05:31 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-21T21:12:15 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-10-21T21:17:10 * anvk has quit
2015-10-21T22:05:18 <avtar> fluid-everyone: is there anyone here who has a github.com/gpii admin account?
2015-10-21T22:06:42 <Bosmon> hi avtar
2015-10-21T22:06:45 <Bosmon> Guess what
2015-10-21T22:06:46 <Bosmon> It\'s me
2015-10-21T22:06:51 <avtar> sweet!
2015-10-21T22:07:20 <avtar> i wanted to transfer https://github.com/avtar/qi-development-environments
2015-10-21T22:08:12 <avtar> i believe i need to add you as an admin to my repo
2015-10-21T22:08:43 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-21T22:10:02 <Bosmon> Cool - did we have an on-list discussion about the transfer?
'

b'2015-10-21T14:20:37 <kasparne_> Bosmon: is there a date set for that meeting, btw?
2015-10-21T14:20:47 <Justin_o> avtar: i\'m not a big fan of 80\'s aesthetics in general
2015-10-21T14:20:51 <Bosmon> kasparne_ - still only narrowed down to "first or 3rd week in November"
2015-10-21T14:21:05 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-21T14:21:10 <kasparne_> oh wow, it might be the 3rd week?
2015-10-21T14:21:20 <Bosmon> Apparently slightly more likely 3rd week
2015-10-21T14:21:38 <Bosmon> It seems insane to put it in the 1st week anyway, that\'s less than 2 weeks away
2015-10-21T14:21:51 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-21T14:23:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - looks good
2015-10-21T14:23:51 <Bosmon> The latest fluid-publish tarball is over TWICE THE SIZE of the previous one
2015-10-21T14:23:54 <Bosmon> Talk about version bloat : P
2015-10-21T14:24:03 <kasparne_> avtar: they all passed for me on fedora 20
2015-10-21T14:24:03 <Bosmon> It\'s nearly TWENTY K ......
2015-10-21T14:24:36 <kasparne_> Bosmon: yeah - that\'s true
2015-10-21T14:24:37 <Bosmon> At this rate it will be the size of emacs in only a couple of years :)
2015-10-21T14:27:23 <alanharnum> proposed project: Infusion wrapper around Emacs
2015-10-21T14:27:38 <Bosmon> proposed project: Emacs wrapper around Infusion
2015-10-21T14:27:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and i pretty much just changed 0.1.0 and 1.0.0
2015-10-21T14:27:44 <alanharnum> i\'ve always wanted to use Emacs, but its lack of an IoC-style configuration & scripting mechanism has been an insurmountable barrier
2015-10-21T14:28:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for merging my pull
2015-10-21T14:28:11 <Justin_o> request
2015-10-21T14:28:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no worries
2015-10-21T14:28:21 <Bosmon> Also published to npm!
2015-10-21T14:28:26 <Bosmon> Let\'s .... GET PUBLISHING!
2015-10-21T14:28:29 <Justin_o> oh awesome
2015-10-21T14:28:37 <alanharnum> Bosmon: then we wrap that in delicious puff pastry, sprinkle it with paprika and cheese, and put it in the oven at 350 until crispy and golden
2015-10-21T14:28:39 <alanharnum> that\'s good eating
2015-10-21T14:28:53 * anastasiac is getting hungry now
2015-10-21T14:28:58 <Bosmon> I guess we\'ll roll another dev release once colinclark merges https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/644
2015-10-21T14:29:06 <Bosmon> Well, this would practically be time for a full release
2015-10-21T14:29:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: can you add the owners for fluid-publish to npm
2015-10-21T14:29:16 <Bosmon> I think we just need to snag an IE TTS issue?
2015-10-21T14:29:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - did already
2015-10-21T14:29:58 <avtar> kasparne_: thanks.. i\'ll look into what i\'m doing
2015-10-21T14:30:15 <Justin_o> i guess it just hasn\'t updated online yet.. also i noticed there are some things i\'ll have to change in the package.json file.. i\'ll submit another pull request for that
2015-10-21T14:30:52 <Justin_o> colinclark, Bosmon: what should we do about JIRA? Should each of these modules/repos have their own JIRA project
2015-10-21T14:31:00 <Justin_o> this would help with them all having different release versions
2015-10-21T14:31:11 <Justin_o> but we\'ll have a lot of JIRA projects
2015-10-21T14:31:12 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think just having their own component will be fine
2015-10-21T14:31:42 <colinclark> Yes, components probably seems easiest
2015-10-21T14:31:58 <Bosmon> And I think we can just reuse this component: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID/component/11010/?selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:component-summary-panel
2015-10-21T14:32:20 <avtar> cindyli, Justin_o: the-t-in-rtf and i are in my vidyo room
2015-10-21T14:32:27 <Bosmon> To which, interestingly, this JIRA is already assigned
2015-10-21T14:32:28 <Justin_o> colinclark, Bosmon: i\'ll start with that.. i just think that we\'ll have an issue later when we need to start adding versions to them
2015-10-21T14:32:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how convenient :)
2015-10-21T14:34:30 <Bosmon> Justin_o - apparently there is a PLUGGIN for this: https://marketplace.atlassian.com/plugins/com.deniz.jira.versioning
2015-10-21T14:34:35 <Bosmon> Although it seems to cost.... $$$$
2015-10-21T14:35:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :(
2015-10-21T14:36:00 <Bosmon> In theory we could apply for a community licence for it
2015-10-21T14:36:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-21T14:36:33 <Bosmon> Ah, there we go
2015-10-21T14:36:34 <Bosmon> "Add-ons are always free for community and open-source licenses."
2015-10-21T14:36:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cool, maybe we should add that
2015-10-21T14:37:07 <Bosmon> Let\'s see if the-t-in-rtf thinks it looks reasonable, or has experience of it
2015-10-21T14:38:20 <Bosmon> Awesome work on the hybrid flow manager pull, simonjb!
2015-10-21T14:39:07 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon
2015-10-21T14:40:42 <the-t-in-rtf> For the call, here is the piratePad we\'ll be using: http://piratepad.net/BKoJcs33F6
2015-10-21T14:42:09 <colinclark> Bosmon: So I\'ve merged a total of six pull requests so far
2015-10-21T14:42:16 <colinclark> the last one on my list is #644
2015-10-21T14:42:32 <Bosmon> colinclark - THAT IS THE LAST
2015-10-21T14:42:32 <colinclark> We should seriously consider cutting 2.0.0 if we\'re close
2015-10-21T14:42:44 <Bosmon> Apart from my "performance enhancing" one that I\'ll produce tomorrow
2015-10-21T14:42:49 <colinclark> right
2015-10-21T14:42:53 <colinclark> I was just going to say
2015-10-21T14:42:54 <Bosmon> PERFORMANCE ENHANCING PULL REQUESTS
2015-10-21T14:42:58 <colinclark> let\'s sneak that in :)
2015-10-21T14:43:09 <colinclark> Justin_o: Do you think we might organize a quick testing sprint
2015-10-21T14:43:16 <colinclark> and then, as I like to say...
2015-10-21T14:43:17 <Bosmon> Is the IE issue the only blocker we\'re aware of?
2015-10-21T14:43:20 <colinclark> SHIP. IT.
2015-10-21T14:43:30 <colinclark> What\'s the IE blocker?
2015-10-21T14:43:38 <Bosmon> SHIP, new word, IT
2015-10-21T14:43:44 <Bosmon> I thought we had a TTS test failing
2015-10-21T14:43:50 <colinclark> oh yes
2015-10-21T14:43:51 <colinclark> on IE 11
2015-10-21T14:43:54 <colinclark> we should fix that
2015-10-21T14:43:59 <colinclark> seems like it\'s fine now on Edge
2015-10-21T14:44:09 <colinclark> presumably they actually added TTS to Edge?
2015-10-21T14:44:11 <colinclark> we should check that
2015-10-21T14:48:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: could you review this https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/2
2015-10-21T14:50:20 <Justin_o> colinclark: sure, i guess let me know when everything is in. I\'d probably also like to get the fluid-publish npm module pulled in as a dev dependency too but that\'s not critical for a release
2015-10-21T14:50:41 <colinclark> yup, that makes sense Justin_o
2015-10-21T14:50:54 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-21T14:55:42 <Bosmon> Thanks Justin_o, pushed and published
2015-10-21T14:56:18 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - did you move to a new pad or elsewhere?
2015-10-21T14:58:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2015-10-21T14:59:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the piratepad wasn\'t working, so we moved to screen sharing on the vidyo call
2015-10-21T14:59:06 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-21T14:59:10 <Justin_o> we\'re in avtar\'s room
2015-10-21T15:07:33 <avtar> the-t-in-rtf: https://github.com/jobara/first-discovery-server/tree/FLOE-423/src/js
2015-10-21T15:13:08 <Justin_o> https://github.com/jobara/first-discovery-server/blob/FLOE-423/src/js/preferencesRouter.js
2015-10-21T15:13:11 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: ^
2015-10-21T15:15:23 <the-t-in-rtf> https://github.com/the-t-in-rtf/gpii-json-schema/blob/GPII-1319/src/js/server/schemaMiddleware.js
2015-10-21T15:15:43 <the-t-in-rtf> We were just talking about this as a gatekeeper to prevent bad input from even reaching a handler.
2015-10-21T15:29:48 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-21T15:30:52 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-21T15:31:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you have time for one more pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/3
2015-10-21T15:31:49 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-21T15:31:50 <Justin_o> hopefully that will fix the broken options table on the NPM page
2015-10-21T15:33:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - is there a way we can preview it?
2015-10-21T15:49:24 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-10-21T15:50:37 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-21T15:51:26 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s hard to gauge reasonableness without running the plugin for a bit.
2015-10-21T15:52:03 <the-t-in-rtf> I usually set the bar pretty high for new plugins, as they are sometimes a source of instability and often force you to delay upgrades.
2015-10-21T15:52:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: simonjb suggested finding out what markdown parser they used
2015-10-21T15:52:26 <the-t-in-rtf> Of course, the plugins I heard about most as a Support Engineer were the ones that broke.
2015-10-21T15:52:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m looking at this http://blog.npmjs.org/post/109508231330/nicely-presented-markup
2015-10-21T15:52:46 <the-t-in-rtf> I use "marked" in my work on gpii-handlebars.
2015-10-21T15:53:09 <the-t-in-rtf> or wherever I wrote the documentation handler grade (fuzzy memory at the end of the day)
2015-10-21T15:53:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: seems like we can use this https://www.npmjs.com/package/marky-markdown
2015-10-21T15:53:54 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m not sure I would name anything after Marky Mark these days.
2015-10-21T15:54:53 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, let me know how it goes, I am not particular attached to marked beyond the fact that it was easy enough to use and supports GitHub flavored markdown.
2015-10-21T15:55:34 <the-t-in-rtf> It has also not yet betrayed me like so many other library packages.
2015-10-21T15:56:29 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: thanks, i\'m just using it to verify that my README parses correctly for npm.
2015-10-21T15:57:42 <Justin_o> it doesn\'t like my use of <dl>
2015-10-21T16:03:41 <kasparne_> colinclark, Bosmon, jhernandez, sgithens, slim_: arch meeeting
2015-10-21T16:15:51 <anastasiac> cindyli, I issued a pull request for that FD prefs server integration issue we discussed: https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery/pull/104
2015-10-21T16:16:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-21T16:18:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-21T16:20:20 <cindyli> thanks, anastasiac. having a look
2015-10-21T16:25:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think i have the README fixed up now. I used the marky-markdown package to verify it https://www.npmjs.com/package/marky-markdown
2015-10-21T16:25:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it seems the issue was with blank lines :(
2015-10-21T16:25:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - interesting
2015-10-21T16:25:27 <Justin_o> I also switched to using <ul> instead of <dl>
2015-10-21T16:25:34 <Bosmon> DOes that have a CLI installation? What exactly did you do to verify it?
2015-10-21T16:25:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon:
2015-10-21T16:26:00 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/1w3ZTTAr/
2015-10-21T16:26:11 <Justin_o> that will give you the html output
2015-10-21T16:26:23 <Justin_o> which doesn\'t have the styling, but you can verify the html at least
2015-10-21T16:26:33 <Bosmon> Ok - thanks Justin_o
2015-10-21T16:37:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'ve also pushed up tags in the git repo for v1.0.0 and v1.0.1
2015-10-21T16:37:58 <Bosmon> TAGS!
2015-10-21T16:38:22 <Bosmon> Perhaps this should be something that the publish package does
2015-10-21T16:38:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. that\'s interesting
2015-10-21T16:39:11 <Bosmon> When it is run in the "standard" mode
2015-10-21T16:39:30 <Bosmon> I notice also that there\'s a "releases" section in github - how does that get populated?
2015-10-21T16:40:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://help.github.com/articles/creating-releases/
2015-10-21T16:40:37 <Justin_o> it actually seems a lot better than i expected
2015-10-21T16:49:19 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-10-21T16:54:55 <colinclark> Bosmon: cindyli and Justin_o both are listed as having "admin" access to the GPII first-discovery repository
2015-10-21T16:55:13 <colinclark> Admin access means they have full priviledges, including having push access
2015-10-21T16:55:28 <colinclark> as much as I very much want them to become GPII committers...
2015-10-21T16:55:33 <Bosmon> colinclark - that\'s correct, yes
2015-10-21T16:55:39 <Bosmon> THis doesn\'t mean that they are GPII committers
2015-10-21T16:55:50 <colinclark> well, it means they can push code to the repository
2015-10-21T16:55:56 <Bosmon> But merely reflects their original level of access to the project based on their contributions to it when it was part of fluid
2015-10-21T16:56:03 <Bosmon> colinclark - just to that one repository
2015-10-21T16:56:29 <colinclark> So I\'m quite unclear on what the state of this repository then
2015-10-21T16:56:52 <Bosmon> colinclark - so am I - but I believe we had allowed for the possibility of per-repository access rights in the GPII
2015-10-21T16:56:58 <colinclark> Are we arguing that it\'s an "emerging" repository, and thus not directly tied to the GPII technical governance policies?
'

b'2015-10-21T01:24:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-21T01:35:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-21T01:46:56 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-21T01:53:43 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-21T03:20:55 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-21T03:44:18 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-21T05:20:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-21T05:41:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-21T07:49:58 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-21T08:17:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-21T08:21:46 <kasparnet> Bosmon: Nice!! Congrats ... only 680 to go :)
2015-10-21T09:05:00 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2015-10-21T09:05:00 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-21T11:09:45 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-21T11:53:58 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-21T12:16:34 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-10-21T12:36:40 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-21T12:48:01 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:07:31 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:08:30 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:12:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:12:42 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:15:32 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:20:12 <anastasiac> cindyli and Justin_o: I have a couple of questions about the FD tool code. 1) Why does the prefsServerIntegration auxSchema re-define \xe2\x80\x98terms\xe2\x80\x99 if it\xe2\x80\x99s implementing the base auxSchema grade? https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery/blob/master/src/schemas/schemas.js#L164-L167
2015-10-21T13:21:26 <cindyli> anastasiac: \'cuz templatePrefix and messagePrefix are now pointing to different dirs
2015-10-21T13:22:18 <anastasiac> ah, ok, cindyli, thanks. My brain was seeing \xe2\x80\x9cwhat it already knew was there\xe2\x80\x9d instead of \xe2\x80\x9cwhat was actually there\xe2\x80\x9d :-)
2015-10-21T13:22:32 <cindyli> :)
2015-10-21T13:22:51 <anastasiac> Question 2) The speech rate pref actually adjusts the speed of the speech, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t see an enactor for it. Where is that happening?
2015-10-21T13:24:02 <anastasiac> cindyli: is it in the modelRelay in ttsHookup? if so, why is it not done in an \xe2\x80\x9cofficial\xe2\x80\x9d enactor?
2015-10-21T13:24:07 <cindyli> anastasiac: that prefs is controlling the global selfVoicing directly
2015-10-21T13:24:15 <anastasiac> why?
2015-10-21T13:30:05 * anvk joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:30:27 <cindyli> anastasiac: that model relay is needed for the initial instantiation of the selfVoicing. it would also take care of all the following changes on the speech rate. so a speech rate enactor is not necessary.
2015-10-21T13:30:37 <cindyli> Justin_o, being the author of this piece of code, correct me if i\'m wrong
2015-10-21T13:34:19 <Justin_o> cindyli, anastasiac: trying to remember the details, but that sounds about right. Currently the selfVoicing is tied to the first discovery tool by the mute/unmute button and the preferences.
2015-10-21T13:35:35 <Justin_o> they all share the same model, which is why there is no need for the enactor. In a way, the self Voicing itself is the enactor.
2015-10-21T13:36:43 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:37:14 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-21T13:37:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:40:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m looking at https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/1#discussion_r42556153
2015-10-21T13:41:41 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o
2015-10-21T13:41:47 <Bosmon> Yes, I\'m sorry for this rather obscure report : P
2015-10-21T13:42:02 <Bosmon> On the other hand, it\'s better that you got it from me than from some other poor fool of a Windows user :)
2015-10-21T13:42:16 <Justin_o> lol :)
2015-10-21T13:42:45 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:42:54 <Justin_o> i\'m wondering if i should just change the current working directory to moduleRoot in  the top level function. All of the commands could have an issue. For example if you were to call fluid-publish  from outside of a projects directory structure the git and npm commands would probably all fail
2015-10-21T13:43:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think it\'s better to do it just for the short time period that you want to make a command
2015-10-21T13:44:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i should do it in all of the functions that run commands?
2015-10-21T13:44:13 <Bosmon> If you can\'t obviously SEE that what you are doing is synchronous, there is always the risk that some future design change might make it synchronous
2015-10-21T13:44:17 <Justin_o> which is most
2015-10-21T13:44:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think you only need do it for the git command
2015-10-21T13:44:27 <Bosmon> It is the only one that accepts a file path as an argument
2015-10-21T13:44:43 <Bosmon> sorry, last synchronous -> asynchronous in my previous comment
2015-10-21T13:44:48 <Bosmon> I think you know what I meant : P
2015-10-21T13:44:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the npm and git commands all expect you to be within the projects directory structure though..
2015-10-21T13:45:00 <Justin_o> yes.. i know you mean async :)
2015-10-21T13:45:26 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, they do
2015-10-21T13:45:42 <Bosmon> hmm
2015-10-21T13:45:52 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-10-21T13:46:06 <Bosmon> But npm commands automatically consider they act at the project root anyway
2015-10-21T13:46:10 <Bosmon> Regardless of what the cwd is
2015-10-21T13:46:13 <Bosmon> So there\'s no point rebasing those
2015-10-21T13:46:56 <Bosmon> And they don\'t accept any file paths anyway
2015-10-21T13:47:09 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:47:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: git commands can run from anywhere in the project directory too
2015-10-21T13:47:40 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes - but I believe any relative file paths they accept are considered relative to the cwd
2015-10-21T13:47:49 <anastasiac> Justin_o, cindyli, thanks for the explanation. I think that makes sense. I guess it\xe2\x80\x99s like the VP being the captions/transcripts enactor for UIO
2015-10-21T13:47:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes
2015-10-21T13:47:51 <Bosmon> So we only need to rebase any git commands that accept file paths as arguments
2015-10-21T13:48:00 <Bosmon> Of which I think you have only one
2015-10-21T13:48:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so we don\'t support the case where fluid-publish is installed globally and called from outside of the project\'s directory structure even with the moduleRoot set
2015-10-21T13:49:22 <Justin_o> e.g. fluid-publish --options="{\'moduleRoot\': \'/someProject\'}"
2015-10-21T13:51:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2015-10-21T13:52:00 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-10-21T13:52:18 <Bosmon> I am puzzling about this, but the issue doesn\'t seem to be worth the mental effort
2015-10-21T13:52:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: haha
2015-10-21T13:52:30 <Bosmon> I already need to remind myself why needed moduleRoot to fix the test cases again....
2015-10-21T13:53:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:53:49 <Bosmon> Oh yes
2015-10-21T13:54:13 <Bosmon> It was because the impl had a hard-wired dependency that the package targetted WAS the one in the cwd.....
2015-10-21T13:54:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it\'s probably less obvious now that i\'ve added in a "test" package.json file into tests dir
2015-10-21T13:54:43 <Bosmon> yes, I see
2015-10-21T13:54:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, that\'s right
2015-10-21T13:55:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-21T13:57:27 <Bosmon> Justin_o - CLI people I think will always be happy to set the cwd rather than use options
2015-10-21T13:57:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you mean, they\'ll run it from the proper directory
2015-10-21T13:57:55 <Justin_o> ?
2015-10-21T13:57:59 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2015-10-21T13:58:07 <Bosmon> Just ask avtar :)
2015-10-21T13:58:16 <Bosmon> You can be sure he will always run this tool from the proper directory : P
2015-10-21T13:58:23 <Justin_o> avtar: ^ what do you think :)
2015-10-21T13:58:31 <Bosmon> The "moduleRoot" option was only there to eliminate a point of dependency for the test cases
2015-10-21T13:58:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay
2015-10-21T13:58:55 <Bosmon> I would also remove advertisement of moduleRoot from the docs
2015-10-21T13:59:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: makes sense... and just put up a requirement to run from your modules root
2015-10-21T13:59:21 <Bosmon> It\'s just "something to get our test cases working" - much like your hoisted impls of log and execSync
2015-10-21T14:00:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: makes sense
2015-10-21T14:01:31 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-21T14:02:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-21T14:06:05 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-21T14:06:58 <avtar> Justin_o: i guess i\'m in the habit of changing to each project\'s working directory in my crazy jungle of a file system
2015-10-21T14:07:42 <avtar> this https://github.com/clvv/fasd makes changing directories easier though
2015-10-21T14:08:34 <Justin_o> avtar: that\'s interesting
2015-10-21T14:09:35 <Justin_o> avtar: is it still a lot to memorize though?
2015-10-21T14:11:25 <avtar> on any given week i\'m probably accessing a handful of directories frequently
2015-10-21T14:12:12 <Justin_o> I tend to keep most of my terminal commands to ones related to git
2015-10-21T14:12:16 <avtar> so i tend not to memorize strings required for directories that i accessed three weeks ago
2015-10-21T14:12:32 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-10-21T14:12:46 <Justin_o> ah, that\'s reasonable
2015-10-21T14:13:13 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-10-21T14:13:22 <avtar> Justin_o: you should ask simonjb for his review of magit
2015-10-21T14:13:51 <avtar> perhaps then you wouldn\'t need to rely on shell commands for git, just emacs :P
2015-10-21T14:14:26 <Justin_o> avtar: i\'m trying to make things easier
2015-10-21T14:14:29 <Justin_o> ;)
2015-10-21T14:14:50 <jhernandez> avtar: unless you\'re a fun of emacs, you would better prefer to rely on bash\' history :)
2015-10-21T14:15:16 <Bosmon> FASD!!!!
2015-10-21T14:15:21 <Justin_o> avtar: and thanks, now i keep thinking of putting my hands in a pile of maggots ;(
2015-10-21T14:15:50 <jhernandez> Bosmon: THEER BOSMON!!
2015-10-21T14:15:51 <avtar> jhernandez: heh i guess i am a fan of emacs
2015-10-21T14:16:06 <avtar> i also use it as a jabber client
2015-10-21T14:16:11 <jhernandez> avtar: heh, that\'s what I thought ... xD
2015-10-21T14:16:18 <Bosmon> I used to be a full-time emacs user
2015-10-21T14:16:27 <Bosmon> But last week I found myself in it "by mistake"
2015-10-21T14:16:32 <Bosmon> And couldn\'t remember how to exit it
2015-10-21T14:16:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: FLUID-5789 is ready for more review
2015-10-21T14:16:46 <avtar> Bosmon: or you didn\'t want to exit
2015-10-21T14:16:57 <kasparne_> lol avtar
2015-10-21T14:17:02 <jhernandez> xDDD
2015-10-21T14:17:03 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-10-21T14:17:07 <Bosmon> Perhaps we are ALL in emacs right now
2015-10-21T14:17:29 <avtar> parallel universes are just different emacs buffers
2015-10-21T14:17:57 <avtar> kasparne_: quick question, are gpii/linux acceptance tests passing for you?
2015-10-21T14:18:09 <Bosmon> Although really most of my emacs key bindings were in order to make it resemble..... ****E****P****M****!
2015-10-21T14:18:14 <kasparne_> last time I checked, yes
2015-10-21T14:18:14 <avtar> or anyone for that matter
2015-10-21T14:18:18 <kasparne_> but I can try it again
2015-10-21T14:18:19 <Bosmon> The ..... "OS/2 SYSTEM EDITOR" !!!!
2015-10-21T14:18:43 <Bosmon> http://www.edm2.com/0310/epm.html
2015-10-21T14:19:02 <kasparne_> avtar: we\'re talking master, right
2015-10-21T14:19:06 <Bosmon> It\'s a 32-bit PM application!
2015-10-21T14:19:10 <avtar> kasparne_: yes
2015-10-21T14:19:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: was the syntax highlighting really in garish pink?
2015-10-21T14:19:23 <kasparne_> that look\'s like something from the early 30\'s
2015-10-21T14:19:39 <Bosmon> Well I had a white on black colour scheme....
2015-10-21T14:19:49 <avtar> Justin_o: you\'re not a fan of the miami vice theme?
2015-10-21T14:20:03 <Bosmon> "The Future of EPM
2015-10-21T14:20:03 <Bosmon> IBM has not yet announced what it has planned to do with EPM"
2015-10-21T14:20:14 <Bosmon> Perhaps we can ask them in DC next month
2015-10-21T14:20:25 <kasparne_> haha
2015-10-21T14:20:27 <jhernandez> xDDDD
'

