b"2015-09-25T18:39:10 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-09-25T18:39:59 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-09-25T18:41:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-25T18:49:03 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-25T18:52:15 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-09-25T18:59:21 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-25T18:59:42 <Justin_o> avtar: do you have do any yml validation / listing?
2015-09-25T19:04:20 <avtar> Justin_o: an online validator?
2015-09-25T19:05:20 <Justin_o> i was thinking more along the lines of a grunt task to go with our jshint and jsonhint
2015-09-25T19:06:28 <avtar> https://github.com/paazmaya/grunt-yaml-validator
2015-09-25T19:06:42 <avtar> never used that though
2015-09-25T19:08:47 <Justin_o> avtar: i guess we should try it out later and see
2015-09-25T19:10:07 <avtar> sounds good
2015-09-25T19:10:52 <alanharnum> Justin_o: I think I've addressed all the FLOE-404 feedback
2015-09-25T19:11:04 <alanharnum> and the chart authoring now lives in the floe namespace rather than gpii
2015-09-25T19:11:35 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks.. i'll take another look
2015-09-25T19:12:59 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-09-25T19:15:28 <Justin_o> cindyli: I've update the FLOE-420 pull request
2015-09-25T19:15:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-09-25T19:15:42 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-09-25T19:16:58 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-25T19:22:27 <Justin_o> cindyli: did you want to look over FLOE-404 again, or would you like me to merge it?
2015-09-25T19:23:04 <cindyli> Justin_o: u can go ahead to merge it. thanks
2015-09-25T19:23:55 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay
2015-09-25T19:27:00 <Justin_o> alanharnum, cindyli: I merged FLOE-404
2015-09-25T19:27:18 <cindyli> cool. thanks, Justin_o
2015-09-25T19:28:41 <Justin_o> thank you both
2015-09-25T19:28:45 <alanharnum> thanks Justin_o
2015-09-25T19:36:27 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-25T19:41:48 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-25T19:41:55 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-09-25T19:56:48 * jhernandez has quit
2015-09-25T20:00:33 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-09-25T20:03:03 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-25T20:05:19 * anvk has quit
2015-09-25T20:06:10 * jhernandez has quit
2015-09-25T20:07:59 <cindyli> hi Justin_o
2015-09-25T20:08:08 <cindyli> r u there
2015-09-25T20:13:32 <avtar> cindyli: he left
2015-09-25T20:13:44 <cindyli> ok. thanks, avtar
2015-09-25T20:18:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-25T20:19:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T20:50:46 * michelled has quit
2015-09-25T21:02:03 * clown has left the channel
2015-09-25T21:22:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-09-25T21:23:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-09-25T21:24:24 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T21:24:35 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-09-25T22:03:45 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-25T23:20:50 * yzen joined the channel
"

b"2015-09-25T00:41:17 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-25T01:03:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-25T01:07:31 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-25T01:12:03 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T01:16:07 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-09-25T01:30:21 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T02:00:22 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-25T02:25:20 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T02:37:20 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T02:56:10 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T03:33:18 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T06:36:48 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-25T08:06:34 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-25T08:19:07 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-25T09:44:34 <the-t-in-rtf> I would appreciate any thoughts on this issue:  https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5771
2015-09-25T09:45:07 <the-t-in-rtf> Basically I found that distributeOptions can sometimes end up overriding the original target options with the source information.
2015-09-25T11:38:27 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-09-25T11:44:15 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-25T11:45:38 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-25T11:45:39 * danayo has quit
2015-09-25T11:56:07 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-25T12:03:39 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-09-25T12:19:02 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-09-25T12:31:23 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T12:47:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T12:48:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-25T12:48:40 * jessm joined the channel
2015-09-25T12:53:32 <jhung> gtirloni: There seems to be a bug in Jira where certain attachments can't be displayed. Example: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5725
2015-09-25T12:54:36 <gtirloni> jhung: have you noticed that in other jiras?
2015-09-25T12:54:43 <jhung> yep.
2015-09-25T12:55:17 <jhung> Here's another gtirloni
2015-09-25T12:55:18 <jhung> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5723
2015-09-25T12:57:33 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-09-25T12:58:06 <gtirloni> ok, the attachment doesn't exist in the server.. that's the reason for the error. it'll be easier to just upload it again if you have them in your disk (otherwise i've to power up 2 physical servers that were shutdown a month ago). this happened because old jira had stored attachments in 3 different places in the past.. i tried to merge them all but it seems a few were left behind. do you have these attachments handy?
2015-09-25T12:59:20 <jhung> gtirloni: I'll see if I do. If I don't, no worries. Luckily the jiras themselves have a good description of the problem.
2015-09-25T13:00:10 <gtirloni> cool. if you don't and it becomes critical, please let me know and i can work with alan/avtar to power up the servers again.
2015-09-25T13:00:23 <jhung> ok. thanks!
2015-09-25T13:03:53 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T13:14:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T13:22:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-25T13:24:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T13:25:04 * colinclark has quit
2015-09-25T13:36:07 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-25T13:41:07 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-25T13:45:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T13:47:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-25T13:53:07 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-25T13:55:17 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2015-09-25T13:58:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-25T14:07:01 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-25T14:08:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T14:17:48 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-25T14:22:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T14:28:07 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-25T14:32:36 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T14:34:18 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-25T14:38:23 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T14:38:24 * colinclark has quit
2015-09-25T14:43:09 <Justin_o> cindyli: i left comments on your FLOE-331 pull request
2015-09-25T14:43:23 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o. looking into those now
2015-09-25T14:46:41 <Justin_o> avtar: i'm looking at your pull request to my FLOE-420 branchhttps://github.com/jobara/first-discovery-server/pull/1
2015-09-25T14:47:06 <Justin_o> I destroyed my current vagrant box and ran vagrant up after merging your changes
2015-09-25T14:47:17 <Justin_o> however I'm getting an error and the server doesn't seem to have started
2015-09-25T14:47:52 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/3n2u93Dv/
2015-09-25T14:48:29 <avtar> Justin_o: you'll need to uncomment line 29 and try again once alanharnum or gtirloni merge https://github.com/idi-ops/ansible-nodejs/pull/1
2015-09-25T14:48:50 <avtar> line 29 in your vagrantfile
2015-09-25T14:49:37 <gtirloni> PR merged
2015-09-25T14:51:33 <Justin_o> avtar, gtirloni: thanks, I'll try again
2015-09-25T14:57:28 <avtar> thanks, gtirloni
2015-09-25T14:59:37 <gtirloni> thank you
2015-09-25T15:03:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-25T15:05:44 <Justin_o> avtar, gtirloni: it worked, thanks :)
2015-09-25T15:07:08 <avtar> Justin_o: i have one last change and then that should wrap it up
2015-09-25T15:07:12 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o, can you summarize the ultimate solution to the container timing problems mentioned here?  https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-work/2015-06-19/?msg=42324992&page=2
2015-09-25T15:07:19 <the-t-in-rtf> I think I am experiencing something similar.
2015-09-25T15:08:31 <the-t-in-rtf> I'm seeing the same problems with undefined containers.
2015-09-25T15:10:08 <the-t-in-rtf> is there a priority now for container construction that I can have my onCreate listeners wait for?
2015-09-25T15:11:43 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: I'm struggling to remember what the exact issue was but it seems to have been related to grade merging in the end.https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-work/2015-06-19/?msg=42334923&page=3
2015-09-25T15:12:32 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  are you using the 2.x line of Infusion that is in master, or something from earlier
2015-09-25T15:13:03 <Justin_o> avtar: you have another change needed for the FLOE-420 branch i'm working on?
2015-09-25T15:13:39 <avtar> Justin_o: yes
2015-09-25T15:14:41 <Justin_o> avtar: okay, i'll wait to file a pull request against master then
2015-09-25T15:14:48 <Justin_o> when do you think you'll have it ready?
2015-09-25T15:15:33 <Justin_o> avtar, anastasiac: do you think you'll have time today to talk about the e-mails for the community workshops or should we try to schedule time to meet on monday?
2015-09-25T15:15:58 <avtar> Justin_o: it should be ready in a few mins
2015-09-25T15:16:04 <Justin_o> avtar: great thanks
2015-09-25T15:16:11 <anastasiac> Justin_o, avtar: I\xe2\x80\x99ll have time today. I\xe2\x80\x99m on a call right now, but later would be fine
2015-09-25T15:16:29 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks, let me know when you are free
2015-09-25T15:16:43 <avtar> anastasiac, Justin_o: between 1:00 - 3:00?
2015-09-25T15:16:55 <Justin_o> avtar: that would work for me
2015-09-25T15:17:01 <anastasiac> avtar, Justin_o: any time between 1 and 3 is fine for me
2015-09-25T15:17:15 <Justin_o> anastasiac, avtar: 1pm then?
2015-09-25T15:17:21 <avtar> sounds good
2015-09-25T15:17:30 <anastasiac> k
2015-09-25T15:18:19 <Justin_o> anastasiac, avtar: great, thanks
2015-09-25T15:34:55 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o, I'm using a relatively recent tag of 2.x
2015-09-25T15:35:16 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks for the link, I will review hopefully after dinner.
2015-09-25T15:36:30 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-25T15:43:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-25T15:44:21 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: in the recent versions of infusion from master you'll need to put the fluid.viewComponent (or grade that inherits from this) to the far right.
2015-09-25T15:44:41 <Justin_o> if it's an older version you can try to put it to the far left
2015-09-25T15:46:29 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-25T15:49:35 <cindyli> Justin_o: as said, the pull request for FLOE-331 is ready for another look
2015-09-25T15:51:38 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-09-25T15:51:46 <cindyli> np
2015-09-25T16:04:17 <Justin_o> cindyli: i merge FLOE-331
2015-09-25T16:04:41 <cindyli> YAY!! thanks, Justin_o
2015-09-25T16:12:11 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-25T16:15:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-25T16:29:49 * jessm has quit
2015-09-25T16:47:20 <avtar> alanharnum, gtirloni: could either of you please take a look at this https://github.com/idi-ops/ansible-nodejs/pull/2 and merge when you have a chance?
2015-09-25T16:48:16 <avtar> i tested it using Justin_o's fork https://github.com/jobara/first-discovery-server/tree/FLOE-420
2015-09-25T16:48:32 <alanharnum> avtar gtirloni: looking now
2015-09-25T16:49:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T16:50:23 <avtar> thanks, alanharnum
2015-09-25T16:56:20 <alanharnum> left a very minor comment about comments
2015-09-25T16:57:24 <alanharnum> will do merge, address that at your leisure if you agree
2015-09-25T16:57:28 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-25T16:58:27 <avtar> alanharnum: will do
2015-09-25T16:58:28 <avtar> thanks
2015-09-25T17:00:11 <Justin_o> avtar, anastasiac: ready to meet?
2015-09-25T17:00:23 <anastasiac> sure, let me plug my headphones in...
2015-09-25T17:00:24 <avtar> yes
2015-09-25T17:00:33 <avtar> someone's vidyo room?
2015-09-25T17:00:47 <Justin_o> avtar, anastasiac: you can join my room
2015-09-25T17:33:37 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-25T17:35:48 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T17:46:24 <Justin_o> avtar: thanks for your changes, i've merged them into my FLOE-420 branch
2015-09-25T17:47:59 <avtar> Justin_o: np.. i'm going to add documentation to a more generic quality infra repo so i'll forward you a url for the readme
2015-09-25T17:48:12 <Justin_o> avtar: thanks
2015-09-25T17:49:03 <Justin_o> I'm going to create a pull request for FLOE-420 against master now, if you have the URL handy I'll update the readme now, or will do it in another branch later
2015-09-25T17:50:05 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-25T17:50:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-25T17:51:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-25T17:52:09 <avtar> Justin_o: might have to add one later. i'm not sure if it'll live in github.com/idi-ops, gpii-ops, or gpii
2015-09-25T17:52:54 <Justin_o> ah okay
2015-09-25T17:52:56 <Justin_o> no problem
2015-09-25T17:53:02 <Justin_o> still have more work to do on the server anyways
2015-09-25T17:53:37 <Justin_o> cindyli: would you mind reviewing my pull request for FLOE-420 https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery-server/pull/1
2015-09-25T17:53:49 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2015-09-25T17:53:53 <Justin_o> thanks
2015-09-25T17:59:22 <cindyli> Justin_o: left a comment for ur FLOE-420 pull request
2015-09-25T17:59:41 <cindyli> do you have other comments for alanharnum's FLOE-404 pull request, Justin_o?
2015-09-25T18:01:07 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-25T18:03:19 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-25T18:06:10 <Justin_o> cindyli: i haven't looked at it recently. I'll take a quick look now
2015-09-25T18:06:19 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-09-25T18:06:55 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-25T18:10:58 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-25T18:22:10 * danayo joined the channel
"

