b'2015-06-01T19:38:14 <danayo> great
2015-06-01T19:38:25 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-01T19:38:54 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-01T19:47:30 * jhung has quit
2015-06-01T19:48:04 <anastasiac> cindyli: my demo branch: https://github.com/acheetham/first-discovery/tree/FLOE-366
2015-06-01T19:48:30 <cindyli> thanks, anastasiac
2015-06-01T19:55:37 <cindyli> danayo: for the voting demo, do we need different texts for its prefs panels?
2015-06-01T19:55:51 <cindyli> to match up with what\'s on anywhereballot?
2015-06-01T19:56:19 <cindyli> if we do, we may need translations for those too
2015-06-01T19:56:35 <danayo> no cindyli, same text
2015-06-01T19:56:50 <danayo> but we will need translations for the test/assessment one
2015-06-01T19:57:30 <cindyli> cool. thanks, danayo
2015-06-01T20:05:29 <cindyli> danayo: do we keep welcome and congrats panels for voting demo?
2015-06-01T20:07:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-01T20:08:05 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-01T20:14:47 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-01T20:17:38 <danayo> I think we need the welcome screen to explain how to get help and let user know what\'s going on - I think we should get rid of the congrats screen though, because we\'re trying to make the process as quick and seamless as possible - anastasiac do you agree?
2015-06-01T20:17:42 <danayo> cindyli^
2015-06-01T20:17:56 <cindyli> sounds good
2015-06-01T20:18:12 <anastasiac> yes, makes sense to me, cindyli and danayo
2015-06-01T20:19:56 <anastasiac> cindyli: the tool keeps an internal model of the current panel num, but it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t seem to keep any record of which panels are complete - is that right?
2015-06-01T20:20:11 <anastasiac> how does the tool know where to add the green checkmarks?
2015-06-01T20:24:52 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-01T20:26:09 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-01T20:28:02 * yzen_ joined the channel
2015-06-01T20:30:08 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-01T20:46:42 <anastasiac> cindyli: the tool keeps an internal model of the current panel num, but it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t seem to keep any record of which panels are complete - is that right?
2015-06-01T20:46:48 <anastasiac> how does the tool know where to add the green checkmarks?
2015-06-01T20:47:46 <cindyli> anastasiac: once the panel is visited, the green checkmark is placed on permanently for that session
2015-06-01T20:48:05 <cindyli> so we don\'t need to keep track which panels are complete
2015-06-01T20:48:23 <anastasiac> ok, that\xe2\x80\x99s what I thought, cindyli. When we eventually implement the \xe2\x80\x9cpick up where you left off on reload\xe2\x80\x9d functionality, we\xe2\x80\x99ll have to change that
2015-06-01T20:48:27 <anastasiac> but not now
2015-06-01T20:48:49 <cindyli> yes, anastasiac
2015-06-01T20:52:44 * anvk has quit
2015-06-01T21:02:30 * clown has left the channel
2015-06-01T21:14:07 * colinclark has quit
2015-06-01T21:14:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-01T21:26:12 <colinclark> avtar: This is an "interactive album" someone made with Flocking: http://alestsurko.by/zona-opus-posth
2015-06-01T21:26:32 <colinclark> If you hover over each track name, you\'ll see different controls which will activate different samples
2015-06-01T21:40:45 <avtar> that\'s awesome!
2015-06-01T21:50:36 <danayo> colinclark: cool!
2015-06-01T21:50:50 <colinclark> it\'s always fun to have people send me stuff they\'ve made
2015-06-01T21:52:23 <colinclark> I was telling Bosmon this weekend that I\'ve been thinking about repurposing the "Fluid Studios" name as way of extending our community further into the world of creative practice
2015-06-01T21:52:25 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-06-01T21:52:45 <colinclark> Fluid has always been dedicated to inclusivity in art, culture, and education, but we\'re primarily associated with the latter
2015-06-01T21:53:01 <colinclark> but now Infusion and some of our other Fluid tools are being used by all kinds of artists
2015-06-01T21:53:11 <colinclark> and of course there\'s our work with museums and cultural institutions, too
2015-06-01T21:57:02 <danayo> yes please colinclark
2015-06-01T21:57:31 <colinclark> :)
2015-06-01T21:57:59 <colinclark> danayo: Want to help design a new site for it one of these days?
2015-06-01T21:58:10 <danayo> sure colinclark!
2015-06-01T21:58:15 <colinclark> that\'ll be awesome
2015-06-01T21:58:20 <danayo> totally
2015-06-01T22:10:09 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-01T22:36:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-01T22:56:50 * Justin_o has quit
2015-06-01T23:03:26 * colinclark has quit
2015-06-01T23:04:26 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-06-01T23:39:26 * avtar has quit
2015-06-01T23:50:25 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-01T23:50:56 * kasparnet has quit
'

b'2015-06-01T00:47:44 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-06-01T09:20:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-01T09:20:45 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-01T09:36:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-01T09:37:07 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-06-01T09:42:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:12:43 * jhung joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:15:45 * jessm joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:33:03 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:37:56 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:39:43 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:50:23 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:50:39 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:51:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:53:53 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-06-01T12:58:41 <jhung> cindyli: I have a question for you.
2015-06-01T12:58:55 <cindyli> sure, jhung
2015-06-01T12:59:03 <cindyli> shall i come over?
2015-06-01T12:59:18 <jhung> It\'s a little busy around my area, but if you don\'t mind cindyli.
2015-06-01T13:01:57 * murilo_crivellar joined the channel
2015-06-01T13:06:43 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-06-01T13:09:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: did you have a chance to look at http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-361 regarding the tooltip issue in the first discovery tool. I left a comment with some info on my findings and a link to my branch
2015-06-01T13:10:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I filed a pull request which I believe fixes the issue and referenced you from it
2015-06-01T13:10:13 <Bosmon> I wonder if github notifications are borked again
2015-06-01T13:10:44 <Bosmon> As far as I could tell, your findings were completely correct, but it took some time to construct a test case which demonstrated the problem : P
2015-06-01T13:12:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: found it, i thought you meant a pull request to my branch.. thanks for the fix in infusion. I\'ll take a look at that right now.
2015-06-01T13:18:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: left a comment on your pull request
2015-06-01T13:19:31 <Bosmon> Justin_o - thanks
2015-06-01T13:19:39 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I guess I should find out how our builds actually work
2015-06-01T13:20:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you mean the grunt builds?
2015-06-01T13:20:07 <Bosmon> In the VERSION.md file for first discovery, it says the following: "The following directories were stripped out of the build since they contain code that is included in the infusion-custom.js file or is not required:"
2015-06-01T13:20:16 <Bosmon> Does this imply some manual step that I have to do myself?
2015-06-01T13:20:45 <Bosmon> Or is this just describing what the "grunt custom" live above actually does?
2015-06-01T13:21:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes unfortunately.. it\'s something we want to improve in the builds.. where we have the option to remove the parts that are already included in the concatenated file
2015-06-01T13:21:13 <Justin_o> you have to do that part yourself
2015-06-01T13:21:14 <Bosmon> So how do I actually do this?
2015-06-01T13:21:57 <Bosmon> Oh wait, I see
2015-06-01T13:21:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: when you run a build, it creates the concatenated file, but also includes the original directories with the individual files, but we don\'t use these so we remove them manually
2015-06-01T13:22:04 <Bosmon> This is just referring to the files in the directory, not the build
2015-06-01T13:22:05 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-01T13:22:21 <Bosmon> So the "infusion-custom.js" in the directory simply is the output of that "grunt custom" file?
2015-06-01T13:22:23 <Justin_o> also the unit tests infrastructure we have to manually include, as they are not provided from a custom build
2015-06-01T13:22:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yep
2015-06-01T13:22:38 <Bosmon> ok cool
2015-06-01T13:22:46 <Justin_o> you can run that command that they have there to get the correct build
2015-06-01T13:29:19 <Bosmon> Justin_o - thanks - I\'ve updated my pull request following your review comment
2015-06-01T13:29:38 <jhung> anastasiac I have updated pull req 73 (new icons) and added a new pull req #74 that fixes active styling for icons in contrast mode.
2015-06-01T13:29:59 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-01T13:30:24 <anastasiac> great, thanks jhung, I\xe2\x80\x99ll have a look
2015-06-01T13:33:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, i\'ll take another look
2015-06-01T13:45:29 * anvk joined the channel
2015-06-01T13:51:55 <michelled> Johnny Taylor wrote a blog post with his Guelph a11y talk in it: https://abledaccess.com/blog/between-empathy-and-penalty/
2015-06-01T14:02:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: seems that some of the pager tests are failing. I left a comment on the pull request
2015-06-01T14:06:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-01T14:08:24 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-01T14:10:54 * simonjb has quit
2015-06-01T14:18:19 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-01T14:18:28 * avtar joined the channel
2015-06-01T14:22:40 <Bosmon> Justin_o - thanks, I\'ve fixed up those tests in my pull now
2015-06-01T14:22:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2015-06-01T14:33:17 <Justin_o> cindyli: i did the linting for FLOE-337
2015-06-01T14:33:25 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-06-01T14:36:32 * clown joined the channel
2015-06-01T14:44:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - does the pull appear to you to resolve the issue in FD?
2015-06-01T14:47:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry, doing a few things at once, and we had some distractions this morning with a press conference in the office.. although that\'s cleared up now
2015-06-01T14:47:40 <Bosmon> oh wow
2015-06-01T14:47:50 <Bosmon> I forgot about that event
2015-06-01T15:00:31 * michelled has quit
2015-06-01T15:00:37 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-01T15:03:33 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-01T15:04:35 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-06-01T15:11:38 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-01T15:15:59 * colinclark has quit
2015-06-01T16:09:53 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-01T16:20:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-01T16:20:45 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-01T16:21:59 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-01T16:22:09 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-06-01T16:45:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-01T16:46:54 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-01T16:49:00 <cindyli> Bosmon: we don\'t have a way to set the priority for model listeners, right?
2015-06-01T16:49:25 <Bosmon> cindyli - we do
2015-06-01T16:49:31 <Bosmon> Since you asked for it : P
2015-06-01T16:49:31 <cindyli> how?
2015-06-01T16:49:35 <Bosmon> The normal way
2015-06-01T16:49:44 <cindyli> "priority"?
2015-06-01T16:49:49 <Bosmon> yaas
2015-06-01T16:49:57 <cindyli> ok, trying again, didn\'t seem working
2015-06-01T16:50:52 <Bosmon> cindyli: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/framework-tests/core/js/DataBindingTests.js#L1071
2015-06-01T16:52:12 <cindyli> ah ha, is it a must to provide a namespace for numeric priorities, Bosmon
2015-06-01T16:52:45 <Bosmon> cindyli - no
2015-06-01T16:53:22 <cindyli> working, thanks, Bosmon
2015-06-01T16:54:17 <Bosmon> cindyli - what\'s your application?
2015-06-01T16:56:00 <cindyli> Bosmon: for the paging of nav icons in FD, icons measure their own width at onCreate, which causes an issue that display of the icons on the 2nd page are messed up at text size change since showPage() still uses the old width
2015-06-01T16:56:05 * danayo has quit
2015-06-01T16:56:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: looks like your pull request helps the issue in the FD tool
2015-06-01T16:56:14 <Justin_o> I\'ll merge in your pull now
2015-06-01T16:56:27 <Bosmon> Justin_o - helps completely, or is there some residual problem?
2015-06-01T16:56:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: not that i could see in my test
2015-06-01T16:56:46 <cindyli> what i\'m thinking is to replace "onCreate" with a model listener on "{navIcons}.model.pageNum", Bosmon
2015-06-01T16:56:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - great
2015-06-01T16:57:48 <cindyli> since there was already a model listener on the parent component for "pageNum" calling showPage, need to make sure measure() is run before showPage()
2015-06-01T16:57:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, thanks for fixing that up
2015-06-01T16:57:55 <Bosmon> cindyli - ok, although perhaps we could just listen to the text size change itself?
2015-06-01T16:59:26 <cindyli> we could, Bosmon, just in case there are other prefs in the future that would result in the same issue.
2015-06-01T17:19:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-01T17:24:28 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-01T17:29:45 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-01T17:30:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-01T17:41:41 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-01T17:57:12 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-06-01T18:13:33 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-01T18:19:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-01T18:32:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-01T18:37:42 * michelled1 joined the channel
2015-06-01T18:40:09 * michelled2 joined the channel
2015-06-01T18:42:34 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-01T18:47:27 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-01T18:57:16 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-01T19:01:35 <jhung> cindyli: FYI, I created a jira for the voting booth screens and assigned you to it. http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-365
2015-06-01T19:02:09 <cindyli> sure. thanks, can you attach the link to the wireframe too, jhung
2015-06-01T19:03:27 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-01T19:04:49 <jhung> danayo I think was working on something cindyli. But from what I can tell from anywhereballot, the screens are: Screen Reader, Language, Text Size, and Contrast.
2015-06-01T19:05:26 <cindyli> ok, jhung, can u add this info to the jira
2015-06-01T19:05:27 <jhung> refer to this http://anywhereballot.com/ cindyli to see the current implementation
2015-06-01T19:05:30 <jhung> ok
2015-06-01T19:07:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-01T19:07:28 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-01T19:10:04 <danayo> cindyli, jhung it\'s actually just language, text size and contrast
2015-06-01T19:10:11 <danayo> screen reader can be controlled with the mute button
2015-06-01T19:10:22 <cindyli> ok
2015-06-01T19:10:26 <danayo> and since we\'re not saving preferences in this setting, we don\'t need a separate screen reader pref screen
2015-06-01T19:10:38 <danayo> thanks cindyli
2015-06-01T19:11:21 <cindyli> np
2015-06-01T19:12:36 <cindyli> danayo: does "we\'re not saving preferences in this setting" mean we should not save any selected prefs? users will always get a fresh start at reloading demo?
2015-06-01T19:19:04 <anastasiac> cindyli: If a particular language doesn\xe2\x80\x99t have a language bundle (e.g. Dutch), the tool should fall-back to English, right?
2015-06-01T19:19:59 <cindyli> anastasiac: will fall back to the default json file defined in the schema.
2015-06-01T19:21:03 <anastasiac> cindyli, the schema doesn\xe2\x80\x99t include the language/region codes in the \xe2\x80\x9cmessage\xe2\x80\x9d properties, but the files all have them now.
2015-06-01T19:22:02 <anastasiac> but it\xe2\x80\x99s still falling back successfully\xe2\x80\xa6
2015-06-01T19:22:29 <anastasiac> cindyli, do you have a minute to come over here?
2015-06-01T19:22:47 <cindyli> anastasiac: i think that\'s because it falls back to the default language defined in the primary schema. so, that\'s right. yes, coming
2015-06-01T19:24:55 <danayo> cindyli: I\'m not sure what you\'re asking - doesn\'t reloading the demo always give a "fresh start"?
2015-06-01T19:25:20 <danayo> my point is that in the voting scenario, a user will not be online, so no prefs can be saved - they will apply to the voting session only
2015-06-01T19:25:41 <danayo> "they" meaning any preferences that they set
2015-06-01T19:28:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-01T19:33:38 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please look at my pull request for FLOE-361 https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/76
2015-06-01T19:37:18 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2015-06-01T19:37:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-06-01T19:37:41 <cindyli> np
2015-06-01T19:38:01 <cindyli> danayo: i see what u mean
'

