b'2015-06-12T22:48:04 * michelled has quit
2015-06-12T22:49:51 * avtar has quit
2015-06-12T23:02:51 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-12T23:03:32 * murilocrivellari has quit
'

b'2015-06-12T00:24:11 * yzen has quit
2015-06-12T03:47:20 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-06-12T04:34:15 * danaayotte has quit
2015-06-12T04:36:27 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-06-12T04:40:53 * danaayotte has quit
2015-06-12T06:22:38 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-12T07:55:53 <the-t-in-rtf> @all: anyone around?
2015-06-12T07:56:03 <the-t-in-rtf> I am trying to understand if this is expected behavior:  http://pastie.org/private/rmlquqvsa8w92xukwwgeq
2015-06-12T08:12:19 <the-t-in-rtf> Apparently this is what jQuery.extend does with arrays and not unique to us.
2015-06-12T08:59:12 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: by far, I\'m not an expert in infusion, but as far as I know, that is the expected behaviour, yes
2015-06-12T08:59:46 <jhernandez> I don\'t know whether it can be modified or not
2015-06-12T09:00:21 <jhernandez> Bosmon: Bosmon7 ?
2015-06-12T09:02:56 <the-t-in-rtf> He will be around in three or four hours.
2015-06-12T09:02:58 <the-t-in-rtf> :0
2015-06-12T09:02:59 <the-t-in-rtf> :)
2015-06-12T09:03:09 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, it\'s something jQuery.extend does as well.
2015-06-12T09:03:33 <the-t-in-rtf> the solution is to convert to using named keys, which will merge properly.
2015-06-12T09:14:42 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-06-12T09:15:34 <slim_> Those Canadians will be getting less predictive - http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/medical-marijuana-legal-in-all-forms-supreme-court-rules-1.3109148 :)
2015-06-12T09:15:43 <slim_> *productive
2015-06-12T09:24:50 <jhernandez> slim_: less, or more? xDDD
2015-06-12T09:30:46 <slim_> hehe
2015-06-12T10:36:23 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - I wonder why you consider the behaviour with named keys "proper", when it is identical to the behaviour that you have there :)
2015-06-12T10:36:51 <Bosmon> If you want arrays to overwrite rather than merge, you can supply a mergePolicy of "replace"
2015-06-12T10:37:32 <Bosmon> But I\'m interested in why you consider this behaviour faulty, and the behaviour with named keys isn\'t
2015-06-12T10:51:33 <jhernandez> Bosmon: morning gentleman
2015-06-12T11:39:44 <jhernandez> Bosmon: if you have time, can you take a look at https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/303#issuecomment-111463372
2015-06-12T11:41:10 <Bosmon> VVANTTUNEZZZ!!
2015-06-12T11:41:30 <Bosmon> jhernandez - yes, I think you should check what the clients are receiving
2015-06-12T11:52:30 <jhernandez> Bosmon: cool! now the thing is, how?!
2015-06-12T11:52:37 <jhernandez> is there any example of it?
2015-06-12T11:52:41 <Bosmon> What!
2015-06-12T11:52:48 <Bosmon> Any example of adding a listener to an event?
2015-06-12T11:52:50 <Bosmon> What do you mean? : P
2015-06-12T11:52:55 <Bosmon> VVANTTUNZZZZ!
2015-06-12T11:54:55 * jhung joined the channel
2015-06-12T11:56:47 <jhernandez> I mean, how can I listen to an event from the client side?
2015-06-12T11:58:53 <jhernandez> I know how to listen to an event in general, but I\'m not sure how to make it in this concrete use case
2015-06-12T12:00:32 <jhernandez> https://github.com/javihernandez/universal/blob/GPII-989/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/test/BrowserChannelTests.js#L151-L160
2015-06-12T12:07:10 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-06-12T12:08:41 * anastasiac has quit
2015-06-12T12:09:50 <Bosmon> jhernandez - looks like the kettle.io request object exposes an "onMessage" event
2015-06-12T12:09:52 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/kettle/blob/master/lib/test/KettleTestUtils.js#L149
2015-06-12T12:12:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-12T12:17:18 <jhernandez> Bosmon: ok, I\'ll take a look at it
2015-06-12T12:17:24 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-06-12T12:17:29 <jhernandez> thank you so much!
2015-06-12T12:17:32 <jhernandez> :)
2015-06-12T12:17:47 <Bosmon> jhernandez - good luck!!
2015-06-12T12:17:59 <jhernandez> meanwhile, is that pull request looking better?
2015-06-12T12:18:04 <Bosmon> I guess we\'ll be doing a lot of WebSockets stuff at KOOPENHAUEN
2015-06-12T12:19:42 <jhernandez> nice!
2015-06-12T12:36:12 <Bosmon> jhernandez - VVERNANNDEZ - the overall strategy of the branch is looking good
2015-06-12T12:36:19 <Bosmon> I left you some review on implementation
2015-06-12T12:40:12 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-12T12:40:51 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-06-12T12:50:50 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-12T13:01:35 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-06-12T13:17:04 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-12T13:30:44 * jessm joined the channel
2015-06-12T13:32:02 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-12T13:35:04 * avtar joined the channel
2015-06-12T13:41:27 * jessm joined the channel
2015-06-12T13:42:02 * clown joined the channel
2015-06-12T13:50:05 <jhernandez> Bosmon: ok, thanks!
2015-06-12T13:54:19 * michelled has left the channel
2015-06-12T14:06:42 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-06-12T14:07:42 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-12T14:08:20 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-06-12T14:13:38 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-06-12T14:16:04 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-06-12T14:17:49 * slim_ has quit
2015-06-12T14:36:46 <cindyli> anastasiac: do you have a minute to chat with Justin_o and me regarding the fd architecture doc
2015-06-12T14:36:52 <anastasiac> of course
2015-06-12T15:07:04 * anastasiac has quit
2015-06-12T15:15:06 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-06-12T15:18:25 <Justin_o> jhung:
2015-06-12T15:18:37 <Justin_o> jhung: where did we get with Search for the Infusion docs?
2015-06-12T15:20:03 <jhung> Justin_o: I hadn\'t looked at it yet. If it\'s a priority make a jira for it if there isn\'t already.
2015-06-12T15:20:43 <jhung> I may get around to doing some of the improvements with the ILDH work.
2015-06-12T15:21:13 <Justin_o> jhung: i don\'t know what the priority is but it would be good to have.. cool if you can get it started with the ILDH
2015-06-12T15:24:08 <jhung> sure Justin_o. I\'ll keep it in mind.
2015-06-12T15:24:16 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2015-06-12T15:25:40 <jessm> fluid-everyone: standup has to be in fluid-standup and at the cart again today
2015-06-12T15:25:49 <Justin_o> jessm: thanks
2015-06-12T15:34:03 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-12T15:52:45 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-12T15:58:38 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: in 5 minutes, we\'ve to restart fluid\'s jira (issues.fluidproject.org) to tune some parameters in order to try to increase performance. Please save your work.
2015-06-12T15:59:12 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks, please let me know when it is ready to use again
2015-06-12T16:05:30 <gtirloni> it\'s back
2015-06-12T16:09:21 * avtar has quit
2015-06-12T16:12:45 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-12T16:14:40 <gtirloni> it doesn\'t look much better from here, i\'ll let you know if i find something else
2015-06-12T16:29:13 * slim__ has quit
2015-06-12T16:39:25 <gtirloni> Justin_o: the server where jira was hosted was using a 3rd-party dns server that was unreachable. i confirmed a 5sec delay even for other websites hosted there.. which is the default timeout for dns.
2015-06-12T16:39:33 <gtirloni> i reconfigured it to use our dns server and it seems okay now
2015-06-12T16:44:58 <gtirloni> hopefully all that will be migrated to the new server soon(tm)
2015-06-12T16:46:42 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-12T16:51:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-12T16:56:16 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-12T17:07:28 <cindyli> Bosmon, Bosmon7, do you have time to vidyo with Justin_o and me regarding https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5665
2015-06-12T17:08:10 <Bosmon> cindyli - definitely
2015-06-12T17:08:19 <Bosmon> I meant to talk to you about it on Wednesday
2015-06-12T17:08:28 <cindyli> Bosmon, Justin_o, join my room
2015-06-12T17:08:50 <Justin_o> cindyli:  ok
2015-06-12T17:15:13 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-12T17:17:43 <anastasiac> cindyli, Justin_o: I have updated the \xe2\x80\x9ccomponent tree\xe2\x80\x9d diagram in the appendix of the PGA Architecture doc. Could you double-check it and see if it now looks right? (I haven\xe2\x80\x99t yet done anything with the table below it, just the diagram)
2015-06-12T17:28:27 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-06-12T17:53:41 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-12T18:02:49 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-12T18:05:36 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-06-12T18:08:18 * slim_ has quit
2015-06-12T18:09:11 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2015-06-12T18:20:24 * avtar joined the channel
2015-06-12T18:22:16 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-06-12T18:25:14 * gtirloni has quit
2015-06-12T18:29:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-12T19:05:14 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-12T19:05:40 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-12T19:11:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-12T19:16:19 <cindyli> anastasiac: the new diagram looks great
2015-06-12T19:16:27 <cindyli> thanks
2015-06-12T19:16:29 <anastasiac> oh, good, thanks cindyli
2015-06-12T19:22:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-12T19:27:36 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-06-12T19:30:48 * anastasiac has quit
2015-06-12T19:30:48 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2015-06-12T19:43:50 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-12T19:46:10 <Justin_o> anastasiac: yes, looks nice
2015-06-12T19:47:13 <anastasiac> Justin_o, cindyli, michelled: thanks for your feedback on the PGA architecture doc. I\xe2\x80\x99ve made more updates based on your feedback. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to share it with the broader PGA team for review on Monday, so if you have a chance to take another look this afternoon, that would be helpful
2015-06-12T19:54:52 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-12T19:55:01 * anastasiac has quit
2015-06-12T19:56:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-12T20:01:05 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-12T20:07:31 * cindyli has quit
2015-06-12T20:08:19 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-12T20:22:05 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-12T20:25:59 * cindyli has quit
2015-06-12T20:37:23 * jhung has quit
2015-06-12T20:48:27 <avtar> sepideh: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Developer_Space/Dashboard_Metrics
2015-06-12T20:57:43 <sepideh> Here it is: https://www.dropbox.com/s/q4b1q8biggek24u/SimpleRelayModel.png?dl=0
2015-06-12T20:58:10 <sepideh> please let me know if it is still small
2015-06-12T20:59:53 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-06-12T21:07:12 * sepideh has left the channel
2015-06-12T21:10:01 * slim_ has quit
2015-06-12T21:26:46 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-06-12T21:31:57 * slim_ has quit
2015-06-12T21:55:26 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-06-12T22:17:56 * Justin_o has quit
2015-06-12T22:45:46 * simonjb has quit
'

