b'2015-10-20T15:54:27 <avtar> since the changes are taking place in the nodejs role you don\'t need to add any commits to your PR
2015-10-20T15:54:29 <Justin_o> avtar: will i need to do anything?
2015-10-20T15:54:42 <Justin_o> okay
2015-10-20T15:54:44 <avtar> Justin_o: you will regarding the server port change
2015-10-20T15:54:55 <avtar> but not for the npm path workaround
2015-10-20T15:55:47 <Justin_o> avtar: okay, maybe we can talk more about it when the changes are ready to be used
2015-10-20T15:56:02 <avtar> sure
2015-10-20T15:56:17 <Justin_o> avtar: thanks
2015-10-20T15:56:37 <avtar> Bosmon and i were chatting about it last night in the channel in case you want to check the logs in the meantime https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-work/2015-10-20/?msg=52294384&page=1
2015-10-20T15:57:12 <avtar> although input from more people might be helpful
2015-10-20T15:57:38 <avtar> particularly regarding what name we should go with for the environment variable
2015-10-20T15:58:51 <avtar> i was thinking about either NODEJS_APP_TCP_PORT or maybe use the application\'s name so that it\'s less generic, for example FIRST_DISCOVERY_SERVER_TCP_PORT
2015-10-20T15:59:08 <Justin_o> avtar: i prefer the latter
2015-10-20T15:59:24 <Justin_o> especially if we have more than one running at the same tiem
2015-10-20T15:59:25 <Justin_o> time
2015-10-20T15:59:44 <avtar> yes
2015-10-20T16:06:08 <colinclark> anastasiac: Can you fire me a quick link to your FD Tool documentation repository?
2015-10-20T16:06:51 <anastasiac> colinclark: https://github.com/acheetham/docs-first-discovery and deployed at http://acheetham.github.io/docs-first-discovery/
2015-10-20T16:07:00 <colinclark> ooh nice
2015-10-20T16:07:07 <anastasiac> colinclark: any feedback is most welcome
2015-10-20T16:07:08 <colinclark> it looks really good, btw
2015-10-20T16:07:35 <anastasiac> colinclark: kudos to jhung\xe2\x80\x99s docs platform - it made everything very smooth
2015-10-20T16:08:26 <jhung> anastasiac: looks sharp!
2015-10-20T16:09:54 <colinclark> I know customizing a preferences editor isn\'t the world\'s simplest task...
2015-10-20T16:10:09 <colinclark> but it is really cool how much of your tutorial involves "web skills"
2015-10-20T16:10:16 <colinclark> rearranging markup and CSS and editing JSON files
2015-10-20T16:10:47 <anastasiac> colinclark: the audience for those FD tool tutorials was a web person but not necessarily a developer, and the goal was to NOT require them to learn all about the framework
2015-10-20T16:10:54 <colinclark> yes
2015-10-20T16:11:05 <colinclark> you\'ve done a great job of it, anastasiac
2015-10-20T16:11:12 <colinclark> I\'m super impressed
2015-10-20T16:11:35 <anastasiac> thanks. Justin_o helped a lot
2015-10-20T16:12:14 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-10-20T16:19:30 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks, it\'s funny i was just thinking how glad I was that you wrote all those
2015-10-20T16:22:21 <danayo> I agree with colinclark, anastasiac and Justin_o, it\'s really great!
2015-10-20T16:26:35 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-20T16:32:38 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-20T16:42:38 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-20T17:06:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ready for more review on https://github.com/jobara/publish/pull/1#discussion_r42169548
2015-10-20T17:06:53 <Justin_o> sorry, https://github.com/jobara/publish/pull/1
2015-10-20T17:09:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - looks good - I\'ll try it out now
2015-10-20T17:09:55 <Bosmon> I wonder what we\'ll do about the repo situation
2015-10-20T17:10:10 <Bosmon> Presumably we will now create a repo fluid-publish in the fluid-project organisation
2015-10-20T17:10:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what\'s the repo situation
2015-10-20T17:10:17 <Bosmon> But how will we relate it to the contents of this one?
2015-10-20T17:10:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah yes, i\'ll just rename and move this one i guess
2015-10-20T17:10:27 <Bosmon> Ah
2015-10-20T17:10:31 <Bosmon> I guess that\'s pretty simple
2015-10-20T17:10:45 <Bosmon> Since we\'ve seen how easy it is to rehome repos now
2015-10-20T17:10:45 <Justin_o> hopefully :)
2015-10-20T17:10:51 <Justin_o> yes
2015-10-20T17:10:57 <Bosmon> It seemed to work well enough for the first-discovery tools
2015-10-20T17:11:05 <Justin_o> yes, thanks for doing that
2015-10-20T17:11:30 <Bosmon> Well - would you like to rename and move it now?
2015-10-20T17:11:37 <Bosmon> And then we can have a normal workflow for merging the pull
2015-10-20T17:11:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m not sure what will happen to my branch
2015-10-20T17:11:48 <Bosmon> Also it means I won\'t have to rename my local clone :)
2015-10-20T17:12:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we\'ll probably lose the pull request history
2015-10-20T17:12:04 <Justin_o> i guess that doesn\'t matter
2015-10-20T17:12:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think the pull request will stay as it is
2015-10-20T17:12:19 <Bosmon> The pull requests all survived when I moved FD
2015-10-20T17:12:34 <Bosmon> The only oddity will be that it will become a branch in the main repo rather than yours, but that\'s pretty mild
2015-10-20T17:12:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but i\'m afraid my branch will move to the fluid-project repo space
2015-10-20T17:12:41 <Bosmon> We can just delete the branch after we merge it
2015-10-20T17:12:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, it will
2015-10-20T17:12:51 <Justin_o> okay
2015-10-20T17:12:56 <Bosmon> Seems harmless enough
2015-10-20T17:13:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. lets do it then
2015-10-20T17:13:08 <Bosmon> Awesome
2015-10-20T17:13:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: while i do it, do you think we should provide the option to supply a config file.. something like .publishrc or something like that so that configuration doesn\'t have to be done with the --option flag
2015-10-20T17:15:25 <Bosmon> Justin_o - seems useful, but not urgent
2015-10-20T17:15:30 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-20T17:15:40 <Bosmon> I imagine we\'ll all be mostly using it without any options for our normal workflow
2015-10-20T17:16:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'d assume so too
2015-10-20T17:16:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s the relocated pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/1
2015-10-20T17:16:54 <Bosmon> Justin_o - awesome
2015-10-20T17:16:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-20T17:27:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - just one comment so far - I think the modulePkgPath and the resulting package should go into "options", so that the test run doesn\'t depend on the starting directory, etc.
2015-10-20T17:28:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m not sure i understand the issue here https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/1#discussion_r42525845
2015-10-20T17:28:45 <Justin_o> why it couldn\'t be used by multiple packages at the same time, wouldn\'t it just depend on where the module was called from in each case?
2015-10-20T17:29:09 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, it becomes a global stored in the package
2015-10-20T17:29:29 <Bosmon> What if it received two simultaneous calls?
2015-10-20T17:29:54 <Bosmon> I think it\'s safer to "instance-ise" the code in any case
2015-10-20T17:30:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you mean if we did publish.modulePkgPath
2015-10-20T17:30:13 <Justin_o> ?
2015-10-20T17:30:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, I think it would be better to put material which might vary between runs of the code into arguments
2015-10-20T17:30:49 <Bosmon> Rather than stuff it onto publish.x
2015-10-20T17:31:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so we could take it as a command line argument and pass it into the the publish.dev and publish.standard functions
2015-10-20T17:31:58 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes - you could make it a separate argument if you liked, but I thought it would be a small economy for it just to go into "options"
2015-10-20T17:36:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i\'ll explore the options route first
2015-10-20T17:38:53 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-20T17:42:32 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-20T17:42:49 <alanharnum> gtirloni: can you pop into fluid-standup to help us test vidyo?
2015-10-20T17:43:07 <alanharnum> we are cramming as many people as possible into fluid-standup
2015-10-20T17:52:12 <gtirloni> ok :)
2015-10-20T18:08:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-20T18:17:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-20T18:31:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-20T18:36:03 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-20T18:36:41 * jhernandez has quit
2015-10-20T18:38:37 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-20T18:42:41 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-20T18:43:23 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-20T18:56:11 <simonjb> cindyli: https://github.com/node-inspector/node-inspector
2015-10-20T18:56:28 * anvk has quit
2015-10-20T19:01:25 <cindyli> neat. thanks, simonjb
2015-10-20T19:30:35 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-10-20T19:43:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-20T19:45:26 * jhernandez has quit
2015-10-20T19:59:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-20T20:03:45 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-10-20T20:18:47 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-20T20:20:33 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-20T20:23:47 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-10-20T20:36:51 * yzen_ joined the channel
2015-10-20T20:40:25 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-20T20:49:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-20T21:05:39 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-10-20T21:07:58 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ignore my comment for now
2015-10-20T21:08:08 <Bosmon> This might be a relatively intractable problem resulting from cygwin : P
2015-10-20T21:08:22 <Bosmon> I\'ll see what can be done about it..... we ran into a similar thing with avtar\'s rsync as well
2015-10-20T21:27:22 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-10-20T21:30:35 * gtirloni has quit
2015-10-20T22:17:45 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2015-10-20T23:08:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-20T23:10:52 * kasparnet has quit
'

b'2015-10-20T00:00:44 <avtar> i was able to shave off 2 secs from each copying process with rsync
2015-10-20T00:01:01 <Bosmon7> Oh, you know what
2015-10-20T00:01:11 <avtar> plus rsync is installed in the vm anyway
2015-10-20T00:01:23 <Bosmon7> It seems that the directory you shared it with is actually the checkout directory of the whole project
2015-10-20T00:01:26 <Bosmon7> I didn\'t anticipate that : P
2015-10-20T00:01:32 <Bosmon7> I just checked in the VM settings
2015-10-20T00:01:43 <Bosmon7> I\'m wondering why you bother to copy the files back at all?
2015-10-20T00:01:55 <Bosmon7> It seems like asking for trouble running the live app from the shared dir, just as much as running npm was
2015-10-20T00:02:17 <Bosmon7> The issue is that that you are vulnerable when running to any cack-handed action of the original operator out in the host machine - namely, me
2015-10-20T00:02:58 <avtar> it\'s running in the shared dir so that people can modify contents of that dir using tools available on their host os
2015-10-20T00:03:02 <Bosmon7> And THAT person may have duplicate infusions
2015-10-20T00:03:07 <Bosmon7> I see - but why would they want to do that?
2015-10-20T00:03:17 <Bosmon7> Surely they just want the app to actually run
2015-10-20T00:03:27 <Bosmon7> And, preferably, free of problems like this one :)
2015-10-20T00:04:15 <avtar> that\'s assuming one wouldn\'t want to use this type of env for developing the app itself
2015-10-20T00:04:27 <avtar> instead of just testing it like you\'re currently doing
2015-10-20T00:04:37 <Bosmon> for developing the app itself.....
2015-10-20T00:04:47 <Bosmon> Surely if they wanted to develop the app, it follows that they would have a dev environment
2015-10-20T00:05:02 <avtar> well
2015-10-20T00:05:13 <Bosmon> I guess it\'s a use case
2015-10-20T00:05:19 <avtar> one of the objectives here is to automate the provisioning of that dev env
2015-10-20T00:05:24 <Bosmon> I see
2015-10-20T00:05:57 <Bosmon> But if you\'ve automated the provision of the dev env, surely that dev env would be provisioned INSIDE the VM
2015-10-20T00:06:39 <Bosmon> It would seem bizarre to imagine we can provision a working dev env OUTSIDE the vm whereas we provision the runtime INSIDE the vm
2015-10-20T00:06:56 <Bosmon> Since the dev env is very likely to be more demanding to provision than the runtime
2015-10-20T00:07:19 <avtar> the dev env being provisioned is inside the vm
2015-10-20T00:07:24 <Bosmon> Ok
2015-10-20T00:07:29 <avtar> the only thing required from the external world is the git working directory
2015-10-20T00:07:42 <Bosmon> So then there\'s no need then to copy the files back to the shared dir
2015-10-20T00:07:51 <Bosmon> Since it just seems to add risk
2015-10-20T00:09:23 <Bosmon> damn it, it still doesn\'t run
2015-10-20T00:09:27 <Bosmon> This time I suspect firewall issues....
2015-10-20T00:10:42 <avtar> i\'m not sure i understand the cause for concern :/ we start with the contents of the working directory which are synced to a location shared by the vm and the host os, exposed using our best friend, virtualbox shared folders. we have to copy the contents of the shared dir to a temporary dir to workaround npm/windows path issues. the results are copied over
2015-10-20T00:10:43 <avtar> the original files so that processes like nodemon have access to the changes.
2015-10-20T00:11:15 <Bosmon> What is nodemon
2015-10-20T00:11:43 <avtar> it restarts the node process when file system changes are detected
2015-10-20T00:11:46 <avtar> https://github.com/remy/nodemon
2015-10-20T00:12:10 <Bosmon> Ok.... so now the issue is that I tried to change the port on which the server is listening, but it looks like it wasn\'t adjusted inside the server itself
2015-10-20T00:14:01 <avtar> right now the port in vars.yml is only used by the vagrantfile to do port mapping from the host to the vm
2015-10-20T00:14:06 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-20T00:14:29 <avtar> your vm should come up even if another process is using the same port on your host os
2015-10-20T00:14:58 <avtar> the vagrant stdout will mention the revised port
2015-10-20T00:15:30 <avtar> is your firewall still blocking virtualbox\'s access to port 8080?
2015-10-20T00:17:25 <Bosmon7> OK
2015-10-20T00:17:29 <Bosmon7> IT IS RUNNING NOW
2015-10-20T00:17:41 <Bosmon7> I have no idea what I have running on port 8080, most likely a dozen things
2015-10-20T00:17:57 <Bosmon7> I think I mentioned to Justin_o that it would be better to default to another port
2015-10-20T00:20:06 <avtar> it would be great if an env var is given preference over a default port picked
2015-10-20T00:21:23 <avtar> process.env.nodejs_app_tcp_port || 8080
2015-10-20T00:21:45 <avtar> that way the change you were trying to make earlier using vars.yml (or docker in the future) would be possible
2015-10-20T00:24:43 <avtar> Bosmon, Bosmon7: so are the latest changes working on your end now?
2015-10-20T00:25:13 <Bosmon> avtar - yes, it is working
2015-10-20T00:25:32 <Bosmon> avtar, yes we can arrange for the env var to be used - Justin_o will know how to do it if you explain the issue to him
2015-10-20T00:25:41 <avtar> sounds good
2015-10-20T00:25:48 <avtar> i\'ll bring it up tomorrow and send a pr
2015-10-20T00:25:51 <avtar> thanks!
2015-10-20T00:28:09 <Bosmon> Cheers, avtar
2015-10-20T00:28:14 <Bosmon> Thanks for all your hard work on this
2015-10-20T00:28:40 <Bosmon> Making stuff work on Windows can often seem disproportionate to the effort invoved
2015-10-20T00:28:42 <Bosmon> involved
2015-10-20T00:28:47 <Bosmon> But we will doubtless need this
2015-10-20T00:36:13 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-10-20T00:38:08 <avtar> Bosmon: you\'re welcome :) i\'m glad we were able to find workarounds
2015-10-20T01:56:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-20T03:51:58 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-10-20T03:54:08 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-10-20T04:36:39 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-20T06:34:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-20T07:42:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-20T08:04:20 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-20T08:04:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-20T08:32:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-20T08:58:02 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-20T08:59:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-20T09:01:43 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-10-20T09:02:47 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-20T09:06:12 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-20T09:15:03 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-20T09:15:03 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-10-20T09:16:21 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-10-20T09:16:21 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-20T09:20:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-20T09:21:56 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-10-20T09:52:38 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2015-10-20T09:52:39 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-20T10:04:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-20T10:04:26 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-10-20T10:05:37 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-10-20T10:05:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-20T10:06:24 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-20T10:06:51 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-20T10:07:24 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-20T10:07:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-20T12:01:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-20T12:10:41 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-20T12:11:22 * anvk joined the channel
2015-10-20T12:29:22 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-10-20T12:44:13 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-10-20T12:52:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in regards to https://github.com/jobara/publish/pull/1/files#r42420277
2015-10-20T12:52:48 <Justin_o> would you want a case where we have 2.0.0-beta.1-dev....
2015-10-20T12:53:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - not particularly... I think we have decided to can our idea of "beta" versions.....
2015-10-20T12:53:37 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-20T12:53:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so if we were to cut a beta release, you\'d expect to manage that at the time of release?
2015-10-20T12:53:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure
2015-10-20T12:54:02 <Justin_o> okay thanks
2015-10-20T12:54:20 <Bosmon> I think the plugin should have have the simple task of appending "dev - thing" to whatever it finds in package.json
2015-10-20T12:55:01 <Bosmon> Congrats on your new PM by the way :)
2015-10-20T12:55:05 <Bosmon> Also a Justin :)
2015-10-20T13:02:02 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:08:14 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:09:11 <avtar> Bosmon: #yeswecan
2015-10-20T13:17:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :)
2015-10-20T13:17:23 <Justin_o> he has better hair though
2015-10-20T13:20:32 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:33:10 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:42:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:45:22 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:48:49 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:50:40 <anastasiac> cindyli (and Justin_o?), do you have a few minutes to chat about the FD tool\xe2\x80\x99s prefs server integration code?
2015-10-20T13:50:48 <Justin_o> anastasiac: sure
2015-10-20T13:50:57 * anastasiac has left the channel
2015-10-20T13:51:04 <cindyli> sure, anvk
2015-10-20T13:51:16 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:51:20 <cindyli> sorry, should be anastasiac
2015-10-20T13:55:35 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:58:17 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:58:17 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-20T13:59:17 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-10-20T13:59:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-20T14:10:44 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-20T14:17:11 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-10-20T14:18:13 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-20T14:33:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-20T14:36:58 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-20T15:14:19 <Bosmon> kasparne_ - WHOOOOO.... I have the FIRST TEST CASE passing in the new universal world :)
2015-10-20T15:25:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in regards to renaming the package, i\'m thinking of fluid-publish-dev or maybe just fluid-publish
2015-10-20T15:25:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you have any thoughts
2015-10-20T15:26:07 <Justin_o> i\'m thinking the latter in case we want to do more with it later
2015-10-20T15:26:18 <Justin_o> but then it might steal the name from something else we may want
2015-10-20T15:27:03 <colinclark> that latter sounds fine to me, Justin_o
2015-10-20T15:27:21 <Justin_o> colinclark: cool thanks
2015-10-20T15:27:34 <Bosmon> fluid-publish seems good to me
2015-10-20T15:42:08 * kasparne_ has quit
2015-10-20T15:49:43 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-20T15:52:16 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-10-20T15:53:32 <avtar> Justin_o: Bosmon confirmed that my latest vboxsf/windows/npm path changes worked for him
2015-10-20T15:53:46 <avtar> i issued a PR which gtirloni is in the process of reviewing
2015-10-20T15:54:07 <avtar> once those changes are merged you should be able to continue with your tasks
2015-10-20T15:54:16 <Justin_o> avtar: great thanks
2015-10-20T15:54:25 <Bosmon> Justin_o - avtar might need some help reading the server port setting from his env variable provision
'

