b"2015-06-16T17:15:52 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-06-16T17:16:00 * jessm joined the channel
2015-06-16T17:16:33 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-16T17:33:27 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-06-16T18:01:32 <sepideh> avtar, simonjb and danayo are you available to meet?
2015-06-16T18:02:58 * michelled has quit
2015-06-16T18:04:57 <avtar> sepideh: yes
2015-06-16T18:06:01 <danayo> sepideh: yes
2015-06-16T18:07:52 <Justin_o> michelled, anastasiac: can we close the jiras for OER commons? https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-86
2015-06-16T18:08:05 <Justin_o> or is there a project/component i can create to assign to it
2015-06-16T18:08:10 <sepideh> danayo: we will be in the collab room in 2 in
2015-06-16T18:08:34 <danayo> ok
2015-06-16T18:09:39 <anastasiac> Justin_o: good question. I suspect so, but I\xe2\x80\x99d wait for michelled to confirm. It\xe2\x80\x99s possible we want to keep them open as a record of known issues, I don\xe2\x80\x99t know.
2015-06-16T18:10:11 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay, thanks
2015-06-16T18:18:44 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-16T18:22:33 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-06-16T18:22:42 <slim_> irc://irc.mozilla.org/developers
2015-06-16T18:22:56 <slim_> oops - ignore
2015-06-16T18:46:37 * slim_ has quit
2015-06-16T18:48:12 * clown joined the channel
2015-06-16T18:58:32 * cindyli has quit
2015-06-16T19:02:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-16T19:06:48 <jhernandez> Bosmon: bonsoir monsieur ANTVANIQUE
2015-06-16T19:07:33 <jhernandez> I was running our beloved universal tests, current master
2015-06-16T19:07:48 <jhernandez> and they're failing here
2015-06-16T19:08:52 <jhernandez> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/CloudBasedFlowManager.js#L170
2015-06-16T19:09:45 <jhernandez> and in the console I'm getting this FATAL ERROR: Uncaught exception: Unrecognised module universal: loaded modules are infusion, kettle
2015-06-16T19:34:43 * avtar- joined the channel
2015-06-16T19:34:55 <avtar-> fluid-everyone: http://engineering.khanacademy.org/posts/tota11y.htm
2015-06-16T19:37:35 <Justin_o> avtar-: that's cool
2015-06-16T19:40:56 <danayo> very cool!
2015-06-16T19:45:03 * clown joined the channel
2015-06-16T19:47:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i'm heading out now, but this is ready for more review. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/566
2015-06-16T19:48:49 * jhernandez has quit
2015-06-16T19:50:26 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-06-16T19:55:13 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-06-16T20:01:18 * jhung has quit
2015-06-16T20:01:23 * jhung2 has quit
2015-06-16T20:05:13 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-16T20:06:32 * avtar- has quit
2015-06-16T20:20:58 <sepideh> murilocrivellari: and maozillah, I\xe2\x80\x99m so sorry that we had to stop our meeting. We can continue our chat if you are available or we could meet tomorrow.
2015-06-16T20:21:55 <maozillah> sepideh: murilocrivellari i\xe2\x80\x99m free if y\xe2\x80\x99all are :)
2015-06-16T20:22:08 <murilocrivellari> sepideh, maozillah I'm available too
2015-06-16T20:22:19 <sepideh> great!
2015-06-16T20:29:57 * cindyli has quit
2015-06-16T20:31:18 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-16T20:34:55 * anvk has left the channel
2015-06-16T20:50:48 * clown has quit
2015-06-16T20:51:44 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-06-16T20:54:12 * anastasiac has quit
2015-06-16T20:54:12 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2015-06-16T21:03:45 * maozillah has left the channel
2015-06-16T21:11:11 * anastasiac has quit
2015-06-16T21:21:38 * simonjb has quit
2015-06-16T21:47:57 * Justin_o has quit
2015-06-16T21:48:10 * jessm has quit
2015-06-16T21:50:17 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-16T21:54:40 * gtirloni has quit
2015-06-16T21:56:13 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-06-16T22:00:12 * avtar has quit
2015-06-16T22:30:32 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-16T22:45:53 * danayo has quit
2015-06-16T22:46:21 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-16T22:49:34 * danayo has quit
2015-06-16T22:58:28 * jhung joined the channel
2015-06-16T23:03:33 * murilocrivellari has quit
2015-06-16T23:12:39 * jhung has quit
2015-06-16T23:24:38 * Bosmon7 has quit
"

b'2015-06-16T00:19:09 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-16T00:29:34 * danayo has quit
2015-06-16T01:57:57 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-16T01:57:58 * danayo has quit
2015-06-16T01:59:47 * avtar has quit
2015-06-16T02:06:12 * Bosmon8 has quit
2015-06-16T07:14:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-16T07:16:10 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-16T07:17:30 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-16T10:00:31 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-06-16T11:37:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-16T11:47:40 * jhung joined the channel
2015-06-16T12:25:45 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-06-16T12:34:44 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-06-16T12:39:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, the tests pass in IE 11 for me, well except for that failing ToC test that we have right now and should be addressed today or later this week.
2015-06-16T12:40:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: as for version numbers i don\'t know that those are doable, at least not according to semver; which we have decided to follow. http://semver.org/
2015-06-16T12:40:24 * jhung1 joined the channel
2015-06-16T12:40:28 <Justin_o> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Fluid+Versioning+Scheme
2015-06-16T12:40:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'d rather call these 2.0-alpha1 or something like that
2015-06-16T12:40:56 * jhung1 has left the channel
2015-06-16T12:41:36 <Justin_o> my main issues lie with backwards compatibility and the implied level of testing/stability/reliability as michelled mentioned
2015-06-16T12:52:04 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-16T12:58:51 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-06-16T12:59:02 <Bosmon> Justin_o - but if we\'ve decided to follow semver, we could hardly issue 2.0-alpha1
2015-06-16T12:59:13 <Bosmon> Whereas, for example, 1.10.x would be perfectly valid under semver
2015-06-16T12:59:17 <Bosmon> I\'m not sure I understand you
2015-06-16T13:00:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: anything below a major version would have to be backwards compatible
2015-06-16T13:00:52 <Bosmon> Ah, I see
2015-06-16T13:00:59 <Justin_o> and 1.10.x would have to be bug fixes not new functionality
2015-06-16T13:01:16 <Bosmon> But none of our previous versions have been semver :)
2015-06-16T13:01:23 <Bosmon> In effect 1.10.x would be our first version under that scheme
2015-06-16T13:01:58 <Bosmon> I agree that we should move over to semver
2015-06-16T13:02:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cool
2015-06-16T13:02:11 <Bosmon> And so issuing versions like 2.0-alpha1 doesn\'t seem like the right way to go
2015-06-16T13:02:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: look at point 9 on this page http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html
2015-06-16T13:03:21 <Justin_o> so we could do 2.0.0-alpha-1 for example
2015-06-16T13:03:33 <Justin_o> or we could do point 10 and have build metadata identifiers
2015-06-16T13:03:38 <Justin_o> or some combination of those
2015-06-16T13:04:08 <Bosmon> it seems that people argue about these issues frequently: https://github.com/mojombo/semver/issues/114
2015-06-16T13:08:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: looks like it\'s mostly about defining alpha and beta and etc. as opposed to disagreeing with the structure of the version number itself
2015-06-16T13:09:05 <Bosmon> The "proper" semver thing to do, I imagine, would be to make this week\'s release as 1.6 and then immediately move to 2.0.x
2015-06-16T13:09:14 <Bosmon> And then the thing we used to call 2.x would then become 3.x or even higher
2015-06-16T13:09:54 <Bosmon> It does make it hard to talk about a future release though, when you don\'t know what major version number it will end up with
2015-06-16T13:11:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i see a few issues 1) are we backwards compatible? 2) we\'ve already marked a bunch of stuff as fixed for 2.0 and closed, it\'s annoying to fix but doable 3) it would require a full test cycle as michelled mentioned
2015-06-16T13:11:20 <Bosmon> We would be having to rewrite JIRA contents constantly
2015-06-16T13:12:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: by the way, my reply was in response to a 1.6 release
2015-06-16T13:12:42 <Bosmon> Yes sorry, I misspoke
2015-06-16T13:13:17 <Bosmon> It would not be a "release"
2015-06-16T13:13:39 <Bosmon> Well it sounds like we can\'t in practice move over to any proper version of semver
2015-06-16T13:13:49 <Bosmon> But will need to continue to hedge our version numbers with "-alpha" etc. for a long while
2015-06-16T13:13:53 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-06-16T13:14:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the what to do about future releases is a good question.. i was thinking about this recently as i\'ve been cleaning up jira... it would be nice to have a  fix for version attached to everything, and we do have an issue where we have bugs attached to no version as they may arise and be fixed all in the span of one release prep
2015-06-16T13:14:14 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-06-16T13:14:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, but those are legitimate semver version numbers
2015-06-16T13:14:49 <Justin_o> 2.0.0-alpha.1 is semver compliant
2015-06-16T13:15:27 <Bosmon> Well formally, yes, but I\'m more worried about what npm will do with them
2015-06-16T13:15:38 <Bosmon> I guess we never had any hope of correctly using ~ versions anyway
2015-06-16T13:15:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i thought npm was semver compatible
2015-06-16T13:16:06 <Bosmon> But hopefully npm will just treat any "qualified" version as irreplaceable with any other
2015-06-16T13:16:13 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, there are subtleties
2015-06-16T13:16:30 <Bosmon> For example, its behaviour on discovering multiple versions of a library in a particular tree
2015-06-16T13:16:49 <Bosmon> One thing we would hope to be able to achieve by becoming semver-compliant would be to eliminate the need for our crazy "dedupe-infusion" grunt task
2015-06-16T13:17:15 <Bosmon> But npm\'s own deduping behaviour has always been a bit unstable in itself
2015-06-16T13:17:37 <Bosmon> You would think that any changes they made in that counted as "making backwards incompatible changes" and requiring a major version number of npm :)
2015-06-16T13:18:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/npm/node-semver#prerelease-tags
2015-06-16T13:18:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-16T13:19:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think the rules seem reasonable to me, don\'t know how that will affect deduping though
2015-06-16T13:19:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, I agree
2015-06-16T13:19:53 <Bosmon> They seem sensible, but I imagine we could only discover the deduping behaviour through experiment
2015-06-16T13:20:19 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-16T13:20:35 <Bosmon> For example, as far as I\'m aware, the current deduping rules are not properly documented, in that they completely refuse to do any deduping on a library which has a git hash version
2015-06-16T13:20:54 <Bosmon> Even if we get all the git hashes identical in a tree, they still don\'t get deduped
2015-06-16T13:22:29 <Bosmon> Ok - so this week in theory we could tag 1.6.0-alpha.1, and then immediately bump master to 2.0.0-alpha.1 - does that seem right?
2015-06-16T13:22:45 <Bosmon> We could say that, for example, any tag on which he had actually done a testing cycle would count as a "beta"
2015-06-16T13:22:52 <Bosmon> we
2015-06-16T13:23:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m still not sure about the 1.6 since 1) it implies that we will release a 1.6 and 2) if it contains backwards incompatible code, which i think it will, but could be wrong
2015-06-16T13:23:53 <Justin_o> i\'d rather just go straight to tagging this week as a 2.0.0-alpha.1
2015-06-16T13:24:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there\'s a dim possibility that we might release a 1.6 - for example, say in the remote case that CSpace reappeared and asked for a version of Infusion that still had demands blocks in it
2015-06-16T13:24:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is there a specific reason for having 1.6.0-alpha.1 tag versus going straight to 2.0.0-alpha.1
2015-06-16T13:25:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the difference is that there has been a very sweeping change in the framework API
2015-06-16T13:25:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: couldn\'t they take 1.5?
2015-06-16T13:25:32 <Bosmon> And it doesn\'t seem reasonable to account for this by just the difference between 2.0.0-alpha.1 and 2.0.0-alpha.2
2015-06-16T13:25:53 <Bosmon> Every piece of code that uses the framework in any way will need to be updated because of the change in grade names
2015-06-16T13:26:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - they could, but they\'d miss out on several years of bug fixes
2015-06-16T13:26:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think this is where the definition of pre-releases would help :)
2015-06-16T13:26:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we\'ve been meaning to do a 1.5.1 one too, but i doubt that will happen now, although we do have a branch with some bug fixes in it
2015-06-16T13:26:53 <Bosmon> The definition that says, "you can do what you like"? : P
2015-06-16T13:27:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: exactly :)
2015-06-16T13:27:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: at any rate.. a 1.6.0-alpha.1 would have to be backwards compatible with 1.5
2015-06-16T13:27:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it wouldn\'t
2015-06-16T13:27:58 <Bosmon> by the same reasoning :)
2015-06-16T13:28:21 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-06-16T13:28:23 <Justin_o> it would because the 1.6.0 portion requires that
2015-06-16T13:28:32 <Justin_o> the alpha part just means it\'s not ready to be released
2015-06-16T13:28:50 <Justin_o> unless you are implying that you\'ll fix backwards compatibility in the future for that line
2015-06-16T13:28:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2015-06-16T13:29:01 <Justin_o> but i just don\'t think we\'ll ever release a 1.6
2015-06-16T13:29:05 <Bosmon> In theory, with this week\'s trunk, that could be done
2015-06-16T13:29:13 <Bosmon> But it could never be done, after the big branch is merged
2015-06-16T13:29:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think we\'d actually have to do it at some point
2015-06-16T13:30:30 <Justin_o> i can\'t see anyone realistically taking a 1.6.0-alpha.1 that breaks backwards compatibility over 1.5 release or even a 2.0.0-alpha.1 that also breaks backwards compatibility
2015-06-16T13:30:59 <Bosmon> Well, I think noone in practice is going to take it
2015-06-16T13:31:24 <Bosmon> I don\'t mind what we call it, as long as we call it something that makes the intention clear that "this is the last state of trunk that could in theory be made backwards compatible with 1.x"
2015-06-16T13:32:01 <Bosmon> We could even call it something entirely non-semantic, since it is not a release
2015-06-16T13:32:06 <Bosmon> e.g. 1.x-last
2015-06-16T13:32:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s better that alpha but maybe we need something else
2015-06-16T13:33:06 <Bosmon> Or we could just name it after the point in time
2015-06-16T13:33:20 <Bosmon> In that the only function this release serves, is it that it is the version that accompanied our FD demo
2015-06-16T13:33:47 <Bosmon> But we may start to forget what that was, in the far future :)
2015-06-16T13:33:59 <Bosmon> Whereas I think we will probably still continue to remember what 1.x was
2015-06-16T13:34:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so to be clear you want to tag before colin merges your huge pull request
2015-06-16T13:35:09 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/591
2015-06-16T13:36:50 * anvk joined the channel
2015-06-16T13:37:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that\'s right, yes
2015-06-16T13:38:13 <Bosmon> After this is merged, the framework is 100% incompatible with current trunk, without a hope of ever returning
2015-06-16T13:38:56 <Bosmon> Although all the components remain compatible of course, with respect to their published APIs
2015-06-16T13:39:40 * jhung2 joined the channel
2015-06-16T13:54:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. okay, well before we tag we will need the fix for the ToC unit test.. that should be in today i think
2015-06-16T13:55:09 <Bosmon> great
2015-06-16T13:55:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: not sure what to call it.. maybe end of line or something... perhaps others will have ideas
2015-06-16T13:55:21 <Bosmon> That\'s very BSG :)
2015-06-16T13:56:13 <Justin_o> what\'s BSG?
2015-06-16T13:56:35 <Bosmon> "end of line" is what the "hybrid" would mutter in its tank from time to time in the revival of Battlestar Galactica
2015-06-16T13:57:14 <Justin_o> ah.. i never watched that show.. my brother was a big fan though
2015-06-16T13:57:19 <Bosmon> aha
2015-06-16T14:07:26 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-16T14:13:08 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-06-16T14:51:06 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-16T14:52:01 <Justin_o> anastasiac: can you take a peak at my additions for the integration and contextualization section... please let me know if you want more details.. or something different
2015-06-16T14:53:12 <anastasiac> This is a great start, Justin_o, thanks
2015-06-16T15:02:30 <Justin_o> anastasiac: np ... let me know if you\'d like anything more
2015-06-16T15:02:41 <anastasiac> Thanks, Justin_o, will do
2015-06-16T15:36:11 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-16T15:45:59 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-16T15:46:16 * michelled has quit
2015-06-16T15:55:04 * danayo has quit
2015-06-16T15:58:30 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-16T15:59:38 * clown joined the channel
2015-06-16T16:02:24 * Jess_ has quit
2015-06-16T16:08:46 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-06-16T16:26:50 * avtar joined the channel
2015-06-16T16:27:01 * cindyli has quit
2015-06-16T16:46:49 * Jess_ has quit
2015-06-16T16:52:36 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-06-16T16:53:41 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-16T17:00:01 <Justin_o> maozillah: thanks for the fixes for FLUID-5679 and congratulations on fixing your first jira
2015-06-16T17:01:20 <maozillah> Justin_o: huzzahh (\xe0\xb9\x91\xcb\x83\xcc\xb5\xe1\xb4\x97\xcb\x82\xcc\xb5)\xd9\x88
2015-06-16T17:05:53 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-06-16T17:06:53 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-16T17:09:30 * cindyli joined the channel
'

