b"2015-06-03T19:50:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: forgot to commit something, now it's ready
2015-06-03T19:54:48 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-03T20:07:17 <cindyli> Bosmon: do you have some time to review this pull request - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/84
2015-06-03T20:08:11 <Bosmon> cindyli - wow, how did it get so big :)
2015-06-03T20:08:22 <Bosmon> And why are there DINNOSSAURES in the votting demo?
2015-06-03T20:08:39 <cindyli> i guess they should be in the assessment demo
2015-06-03T20:08:43 <Bosmon> ah ok
2015-06-03T20:08:48 <Bosmon> They are very cute DINNOSAURRES
2015-06-03T20:09:02 <cindyli> good you like it :)
2015-06-03T20:09:26 <Bosmon> There's lots of inconsistency in the way we handle language codes now
2015-06-03T20:09:29 <Bosmon> But I guess we will punt this
2015-06-03T20:09:34 <Bosmon> I now see three different styles
2015-06-03T20:09:40 <Bosmon> -en-US, _en-US and _en_US
2015-06-03T20:11:30 <Bosmon> cindyli - pull looks good to me other than the init duplication
2015-06-03T20:12:04 <cindyli> nice. can you leave a comment on the pull, Bosmon
2015-06-03T20:12:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-03T20:12:32 * the-t-in-rtf has left the channel
2015-06-03T20:12:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-03T20:15:32 <cindyli> thanks, Bosmon
2015-06-03T20:16:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-06-03T20:22:03 * yzen_ joined the channel
2015-06-03T20:24:44 * jhung has left the channel
2015-06-03T20:42:01 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-03T20:43:52 * anvk has quit
2015-06-03T20:57:05 * maozillah has quit
2015-06-03T21:09:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-03T21:09:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-03T21:18:14 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2015-06-03T21:19:20 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-03T21:23:52 * kasparne_ has quit
2015-06-03T21:43:20 * danayo joined the channel
"

b'2015-06-03T18:00:41 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-03T18:02:26 <Justin_o> i checked again. It does appear to still be in there
2015-06-03T18:03:13 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-03T18:03:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how can we reproduce the problem?
2015-06-03T18:03:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: if you have my FLOE-361 branch
2015-06-03T18:03:33 <Justin_o> go to the keyboard panel
2015-06-03T18:03:47 <Justin_o> type in something other than % to trigger the sticky keys flow
2015-06-03T18:03:52 <Justin_o> click try it
2015-06-03T18:04:00 <Justin_o> click "turn off"
2015-06-03T18:04:10 <Justin_o> at this point the interface should look broken
2015-06-03T18:04:31 <Bosmon> Oh, I see
2015-06-03T18:04:39 <Bosmon> This is occurring whilst trying to destroy the compnoent
2015-06-03T18:05:27 <Bosmon> Also, it appears it is triggered by our own attempt at closing
2015-06-03T18:07:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, it looks like "target" is already null on line 36716
2015-06-03T18:07:12 <Bosmon> Which suggests that we should just guard it there
2015-06-03T18:07:48 <Bosmon> That is, if (!target) { delete that.openIdMap[key];}
2015-06-03T18:11:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but would the tooltip close?
2015-06-03T18:12:03 <anastasiac> cindyli, I\xe2\x80\x99ve updated my default-locale branch, ready for another review
2015-06-03T18:12:32 <cindyli> thanks, anastasiac, will take a look soon
2015-06-03T18:12:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it looks like the problem in this case is that the button is gone from the document
2015-06-03T18:12:58 <Bosmon> it\'s another case similar to yesterday\'s problem
2015-06-03T18:13:05 <Bosmon> Again I think this is not necessarily a bug in the tooltip component
2015-06-03T18:13:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, since it can\'t find an element with the id
2015-06-03T18:13:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i wonder why the button is being removed first
2015-06-03T18:13:38 <Bosmon> For me, the button has id ending "-3348"
2015-06-03T18:13:42 <Bosmon> And it\'s not in the document any more
2015-06-03T18:14:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: shouldn\'t the calls to destroy happen before the dom is replaced
2015-06-03T18:14:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - they should, but it seems there\'s a bit of manual workflow here
2015-06-03T18:15:15 <Bosmon> This particular trigger you can see is fired off by "that.events.onOfferAssistance.fire" on line 319 of panels.js
2015-06-03T18:15:36 <Bosmon> Again, given the issues we had yesterday, we could consider a similar bodge considering what a hurry we are in
2015-06-03T18:15:56 <Justin_o> OBLITERATION
2015-06-03T18:16:00 <Bosmon> If we don\'t have time to trace the workflow, we can bring back the "obliterateTooltips" action that we had listening to onRenderTree
2015-06-03T18:16:02 <Bosmon> EXACTLY
2015-06-03T18:16:19 <Bosmon> And we can just insert it here at this line, just before onOfferAssistance fires
2015-06-03T18:16:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but we\'d still get this issue with the target being null though right?
2015-06-03T18:16:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we wouldn\'t
2015-06-03T18:16:52 <Bosmon> Because the OBLITERATION would clear the tooltips properly
2015-06-03T18:17:03 <Bosmon> Ah sorry, I meant a slightly different kind of obliteration this time
2015-06-03T18:17:08 <Justin_o> wouldn\'t the tooltip component still think it\'s around even though the tooltip dom element has been removed
2015-06-03T18:17:12 <Justin_o> okay
2015-06-03T18:17:15 <Bosmon> Not the manual obliteration of before, but this time we can just call that.tooltip.close()
2015-06-03T18:17:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: oh okay, that makes sense
2015-06-03T18:17:48 <Bosmon> Actually it doesn\'t go here, this time is too late
2015-06-03T18:17:58 <Bosmon> We should just put it in "onRenderTree" as we mentioned before
2015-06-03T18:18:11 <Bosmon> It looks like this entire stack is listening to a refreshView event
2015-06-03T18:18:19 <Bosmon> Listening to the keyboard panel
2015-06-03T18:18:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. funny that this actually happens because of a parent though.. since the underlying adjuster isn\'t even a renderer component
2015-06-03T18:19:14 <Bosmon> ah Justin_o
2015-06-03T18:19:15 <cindyli> anastasiac: added a comment to ur pull request
2015-06-03T18:19:20 <Bosmon> Doesn\'t this issue have a pretty simple cause?
2015-06-03T18:20:16 <Bosmon> I see that the "keyboard" panel doesn\'t derive from the "gpii.firstDiscovery.attachTooltip.renderer" grade as all the others do
2015-06-03T18:20:18 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-03T18:21:10 <Bosmon> Well
2015-06-03T18:21:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in this case at least, the tooltip grade is actually on the subcomponent
2015-06-03T18:21:18 <Bosmon> I guess there\'s no workflow in that grade to close the tooltips on render
2015-06-03T18:21:29 <Bosmon> So we would still need the OBLITERATION action
2015-06-03T18:22:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is there a way to do this obliteration on the subcomponent?
2015-06-03T18:22:26 <Bosmon> That is, the more graceful obliteration of calling tooltip.close when we get rendererComponent.onRenderTree
2015-06-03T18:23:12 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you could certainly register the listener there - but it\'s the parent component\'s refreshView which is destroying the markup
2015-06-03T18:23:28 <Bosmon> That is, the keyboard panel\'s refreshView
2015-06-03T18:23:40 <Bosmon> So it is the keyboard panel\'s onRenderTree which needs to trigger closing the tooltip
2015-06-03T18:24:48 <Bosmon> But either way, you need to ensure that the close() happens whilst the button is still in the document
2015-06-03T18:28:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i just added it to the subcomponent configuration
2015-06-03T18:28:11 <Justin_o> it seems to work. Thanks
2015-06-03T18:28:14 <Bosmon> awesome
2015-06-03T18:29:06 <Bosmon> I guess we\'ll need to add this to the list of issues to be solved by the "new renderer"
2015-06-03T18:29:25 <Justin_o> yes please :)
2015-06-03T18:29:33 <Bosmon> But perhaps a big root cause of this family of issues is that, long ago, for performance reasons, we decided not to use $.remove() or a similar call when we obliterate markup before rerendering
2015-06-03T18:29:56 <Bosmon> It\'s quite likely we could fix that immediately without seeing a performance impact any more
2015-06-03T18:30:20 <Bosmon> But this dated from the CSpace days where we found that using $.remove() was hundreds of times slower than simply assigning to .innerHTML of the parent element
2015-06-03T18:30:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: would that remove all the jQuery bindings?
2015-06-03T18:30:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I believe it would, yes
2015-06-03T18:30:36 <Justin_o> like in this case where a separate element was created?
2015-06-03T18:30:38 <Bosmon> And so it would trigger the jQuery UI tooltip\'s destructor at that point
2015-06-03T18:30:48 <Justin_o> ah okay, that makes sense
2015-06-03T18:31:10 <Justin_o> cindyli: FLOE-361 is ready for review again, thanks to Bosmon :)
2015-06-03T18:31:36 <cindyli> cool, thanks guys
2015-06-03T18:31:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - bizarrely we still have a fallback branch which defers to this strategy on IE: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/renderer/js/fluidRenderer.js#L1497
2015-06-03T18:32:01 <Bosmon> This code hasn\'t been revisited since about 2010
2015-06-03T18:32:18 <Bosmon> But on all other browsers, for speed, we simply assign "" to innerHTML
2015-06-03T18:32:35 <Bosmon> CSpace used to have absolutely gigantic UIs on which $.empty() took forever
2015-06-03T18:32:57 <Justin_o> jhung: i think the styling issue for high contrast is still present in the assessment demo
2015-06-03T18:35:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it seems that the versions of jQuery in use at that time didn\'t apply the destruction properly anyway, so there was no advantage at all to the remove() route: https://forum.jquery.com/topic/jquery-empty-does-not-destroy-ui-widgets-whereas-jquery-remove-does-using-ui-1-8-4
2015-06-03T18:37:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: something else we could do for 2.0 i guess
2015-06-03T18:42:38 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-03T18:42:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think we could do that pretty much immediately
2015-06-03T18:43:05 <Bosmon> We just wouldn\'t do it before the demo next week at the risk of destabilising absolutely everything :)
2015-06-03T18:43:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, thanks :)
2015-06-03T18:43:13 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I wrote up our experiences at https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5677
2015-06-03T18:43:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2015-06-03T18:43:54 <Bosmon> tooltips really are the most astonishingly awful things
2015-06-03T18:44:04 <Bosmon> I mean, they\'re an amazing UI affordance
2015-06-03T18:44:30 <Bosmon> But I feel a little more sympathy with the Windows UI team now, at their obviously congenital incapability of implementing tooltips that work correctly
2015-06-03T18:45:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i do get some lingering tooltips from time to time on Mac OS too :(
2015-06-03T18:46:20 <Bosmon> I guess the only really sound solution is to build much more finegrained DOM binding events into the new renderer
2015-06-03T18:46:39 <Bosmon> So that things like "onRenderTree" become formalised properly, as well as general components knowing how to respond to them
2015-06-03T18:46:59 <Bosmon> This issue is particularly subtle, since the UI widget holding the tooltip may be higher up the component tree than the point at which we bind to the markup
2015-06-03T18:47:04 <Bosmon> This issue could easily have been much worse
2015-06-03T18:47:35 <Bosmon> And this stuff is compounded by how insufferably hard it is to test tooltip interactions other than manually
2015-06-03T18:47:52 <Bosmon> Perhaps one day we\'ll have Selenium tasks for it
2015-06-03T18:49:06 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-03T18:49:52 * jhernandez has quit
2015-06-03T18:50:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-03T18:50:57 <jhung> sorry Justin_o: I was afk for a bit. You said there\'s a contrast issue for assessment demo?
2015-06-03T18:53:37 <Justin_o> jhung: yah.. i think the same thing that we had for voting regarding the step counter
2015-06-03T18:53:42 <Justin_o> in high contrast
2015-06-03T18:56:04 <jhung> Justin_o: hmmm. I fixed that in FLOE-365.
2015-06-03T18:58:33 <jhung> I\'ll merge in FLOE-367 locally and and see what happens
2015-06-03T18:59:10 <Justin_o> jhung: merge in my branch. it has all of anastasia\'s changes
2015-06-03T18:59:16 <jhung> ok
2015-06-03T18:59:37 <Justin_o> jhung: also how hard would it be to style the "settings" button on the vote.html page to look the same but be an <a> instead
2015-06-03T19:01:57 <jhung> Justin_o: ah I see now. We don\'t need the spacer item in the assessment/index.html file.
2015-06-03T19:02:03 <cindyli> anastasiac, michelled, the french version of the speech speed panel is broken, no messages found
2015-06-03T19:02:24 <cindyli> same for the contrast panel
2015-06-03T19:02:38 <cindyli> and some other panels
2015-06-03T19:02:53 <jhung> Oh Justin_o the text strings need to be updated for voting.
2015-06-03T19:03:13 <jhung> The only real change is the welcome text.
2015-06-03T19:03:45 <jhung> I can take a look at that settings button now - shouldn\'t be a problem to turn it into a link (hopefully).
2015-06-03T19:04:31 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks, i\'ll update the text
2015-06-03T19:04:38 <anastasiac> cindyli, is this in master?
2015-06-03T19:04:44 <cindyli> yes, anastasiac
2015-06-03T19:05:54 <anastasiac> oh, cindyli, this is in your local deployment, and not on the build site, right?
2015-06-03T19:05:56 <cindyli> Justin_o: left a comment for ur pull request for FLOE-361
2015-06-03T19:06:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks.. looking into that
2015-06-03T19:06:42 <cindyli> ok
2015-06-03T19:07:20 <anastasiac> cindyli, if you\xe2\x80\x99re observing broken french in your local testing, but not on the build site, then my FLOE-368 branch will fix that. Otherwise, I can\xe2\x80\x99t reproduce it on the build site
2015-06-03T19:07:45 <cindyli> cool, that was on my localhost
2015-06-03T19:08:21 <cindyli> btw, anastasiac, a comment left for u pull request for FLOE-368
2015-06-03T19:08:22 <Justin_o> danayo, anastasiac: we\'re going to need translations for the welcome screen of the voting demo
2015-06-03T19:08:24 <anastasiac> and cindyli, I just pushed to that FLOE-368 branch in response to your comment
2015-06-03T19:08:28 <cindyli> nice
2015-06-03T19:10:09 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-03T19:11:40 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-06-03T19:16:41 * colinclark has quit
2015-06-03T19:17:35 * maozillah has quit
2015-06-03T19:18:19 <jhung> Justin_o: I pushed changes to my FLOE-365 branch
2015-06-03T19:18:36 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2015-06-03T19:18:42 <jhung> np.
2015-06-03T19:19:42 <jhung> Also I noticed that the voting demo has the "Steps" text still in place. Justin_o can you take that out? The wireframe doesn\'t show it and it does look a bit odd since there are 4 steps but only 3 screens.
2015-06-03T19:25:50 <Justin_o> jhung: there aren\'t supposed to be steps there?
2015-06-03T19:25:59 <Justin_o> i guess the numbers are already in the icons
2015-06-03T19:26:28 <jhung> Justin_o: yeah, no steps text - just the icons.
2015-06-03T19:27:04 * jessm has quit
2015-06-03T19:29:28 * danayo has quit
2015-06-03T19:39:16 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-03T19:39:18 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-06-03T19:42:27 <Justin_o> cindyli: FLOE-361 is ready for review again
2015-06-03T19:43:05 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o
2015-06-03T19:48:44 <Justin_o> cindyli: FLOE-365 is ready for review now
2015-06-03T19:49:30 <cindyli> ok
'

b'2015-06-03T00:10:42 * avtar has quit
2015-06-03T01:20:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-03T01:51:03 * jhung joined the channel
2015-06-03T02:33:28 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-03T07:24:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-03T08:09:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-03T08:46:02 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-03T09:06:56 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-03T09:35:37 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-03T09:36:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-03T09:37:08 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-03T09:37:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-03T10:29:09 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-03T10:33:28 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2015-06-03T10:38:05 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-03T11:02:44 * jhung joined the channel
2015-06-03T11:14:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-03T11:43:14 * anvk joined the channel
2015-06-03T11:44:09 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-06-03T11:44:27 * jessm joined the channel
2015-06-03T12:15:55 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-06-03T12:21:27 <jhung> Justin_o: should I push up my voting booth page even though it\'s not complete? Most parts are there.
2015-06-03T12:23:22 <Justin_o> jhung: when you say push, where do you mean to?
2015-06-03T12:23:43 <jhung> To my FLOE-365 branch.
2015-06-03T12:33:24 <jhung> Justin_o: I pushed to my FLOE-365 branch. I\'ll continue tweaking it, but the bulk of the content should be there.
2015-06-03T12:37:53 <Justin_o> jhung: okay, thanks
2015-06-03T12:53:30 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-06-03T12:55:16 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-03T13:10:29 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-03T13:16:38 <Justin_o> jhung: if you want to pull down my FLOE-365 changes.. i\'m using the data-attributes to set the panel icons and added the vote one, but it needs styling fixes
2015-06-03T13:16:49 <jhung> ok Justin_o
2015-06-03T13:17:08 <Justin_o> thanks
2015-06-03T13:22:10 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-06-03T13:29:10 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-03T13:35:52 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-06-03T13:46:19 * clown joined the channel
2015-06-03T13:56:13 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'ve updated my FLOE-365 branch.
2015-06-03T13:56:28 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2015-06-03T14:03:31 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-06-03T14:05:16 * murilo_crivellar joined the channel
2015-06-03T14:08:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-03T14:12:25 <Justin_o> anastasiac: you might want to merge in my FLOE-365 branch. I\'ve modified the showNextButton method in demo.js to use the "next" button for the second last panel, and the "finish" button only on the last panel.
2015-06-03T14:12:39 <anastasiac> thanks, Justin_o
2015-06-03T14:13:45 <anastasiac> so Justin_o, are you taking over FLOE-365? or is cindyli still working on it also?
2015-06-03T14:13:54 <anastasiac> btw, branch works nicely
2015-06-03T14:14:07 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'m taking it over for now at least
2015-06-03T14:14:12 <Justin_o> glad it\'s working :)
2015-06-03T14:19:28 <cindyli> Justin_o: can you review my pull request - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/82
2015-06-03T14:33:36 <Justin_o> cindyli:  sure
2015-06-03T14:33:48 <cindyli> thanks
2015-06-03T14:43:02 <cindyli> Bosmon: i wonder if you have reviewed Justin_o\'s three pull requests or some of those?
2015-06-03T14:49:44 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-03T14:56:43 <anastasiac> Justin_o, cindyli: my FLOE-366 branch has been updated with the code to add UIE to the \xe2\x80\x98demo\xe2\x80\x99 page. Feel free to \xe2\x80\x98code review\xe2\x80\x99 it if/when you use it
2015-06-03T14:57:03 <cindyli> thanks, anastasiac
2015-06-03T14:57:16 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2015-06-03T14:59:53 <Justin_o> anastasiac: I\'ve updated my branch to link to the demo context page
2015-06-03T15:00:11 <anastasiac> excellent, Justin_o, pulling it down
2015-06-03T15:00:25 <Justin_o> anastasiac: you\'ll just need to create your own grade with the configuration you want to pass into the auxiliary schema. you can use the voting as an example.
2015-06-03T15:00:33 <anastasiac> this is a neat version of \xe2\x80\x9cpair programming\xe2\x80\x9d :-)
2015-06-03T15:02:02 * simonjb has quit
2015-06-03T15:03:22 <Justin_o> anastasiac: :)
2015-06-03T15:03:37 <Justin_o> anastasiac, cindyli: should we just file all this work under a single pull request?
2015-06-03T15:03:56 <Bosmon> cindyli - those pulls look good to me
2015-06-03T15:04:10 <Bosmon> cindyli, Justin_o - I moved FLOE-370 to FLUID-5675 since it\'s really an Infusion issue
2015-06-03T15:04:23 <anastasiac> Justin_o: that probably makes sense, given that we\xe2\x80\x99re both merging each other\xe2\x80\x99s branches. It will be impossible to add one demo without adding the other
2015-06-03T15:04:28 <cindyli> Bosmon: do you want me to manual test them or you already did?
2015-06-03T15:04:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, that makes sense
2015-06-03T15:04:46 <Bosmon> cindyli - I tested lightly but it would be great if you could do it again
2015-06-03T15:04:56 <cindyli> ok, Bosmon. will do
2015-06-03T15:05:37 <michelled> Bosmon, Justin_o, cindyli: simon has issued a pull request: https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/83 he isn\'t feeling well so was not able to complete all the work he wanted to, so instead he has put TODOs into the code. can one of your review it? and if you feel that changes should be made before pushing, one of you will need to make them.
2015-06-03T15:07:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-03T15:13:09 <michelled> Justin_o: did you see my message?
2015-06-03T15:13:48 <Justin_o> michelled: sorry, yes
2015-06-03T15:14:04 <Justin_o> michelled: does Bosmon have time to do the review and one of use could make the changes.
2015-06-03T15:14:07 <Justin_o> is that okay?
2015-06-03T15:15:05 <Justin_o> jhung: anastasiac noticed some styling issues for the FD demos when in high contrast. Basically it has to do with the step message
2015-06-03T15:15:27 <jhung> Justin_o:  let me check...
2015-06-03T15:15:31 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2015-06-03T15:16:06 <Bosmon> Justin_o, michelled - sure - I\'ve given some review
2015-06-03T15:16:07 <anastasiac> ok, Justin_o, I\xe2\x80\x99ve updated my FLOE-366 branch. It\xe2\x80\x99s all yours, now :-)
2015-06-03T15:16:16 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2015-06-03T15:16:17 <Bosmon> The biggest issue seems to be that the gpii.tests.firstDiscovery.langTests have been commented out and need to be reworked
2015-06-03T15:16:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is that part of the TODO?
2015-06-03T15:16:41 <jhung> anastasiac, Justin_o: I see. The black bar that appears below the icons? I\'ll be sure to fix that. Is there anything else?
2015-06-03T15:16:46 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2015-06-03T15:16:57 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/83/files#diff-030bdb460dfbb59d70e89ca1cc9b5b99R323
2015-06-03T15:16:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: does that mean it\'s okay to go in?
2015-06-03T15:17:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I don\'t think so, no
2015-06-03T15:17:15 <anastasiac> jhung: also, the text seems to be w-on-b when it should be b-on-w, I think
2015-06-03T15:17:19 <anastasiac> and vice versa
2015-06-03T15:17:33 <Bosmon> I don\'t think it can go in with the tests commented out
2015-06-03T15:17:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-03T15:18:18 <Bosmon> If necessary, we could think about making a "demo branch" if we have run out of time to do the work
2015-06-03T15:19:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so we\'d need to have all the tests in place?
2015-06-03T15:19:56 <Bosmon> If we want it in master, I think we should at least repair the tests that are broken
2015-06-03T15:20:09 <Bosmon> or commented out
2015-06-03T15:20:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay
2015-06-03T15:23:01 <michelled> Bosmon: I guess that means we have to make the demo branch
2015-06-03T15:23:08 <Bosmon> michelled - ok
2015-06-03T15:23:11 <michelled> since we certainly don\'t have the time to fix all the tests
2015-06-03T15:23:26 <Bosmon> It\'s a pretty normal thing to do, I think, in this kind of situation
2015-06-03T15:23:38 <Bosmon> And it\'ll be a far smaller branch than these things have been in the past
2015-06-03T15:23:59 <michelled> ok. Justin_o do you have a sense of when you\'d like to make that branch?
2015-06-03T15:24:15 <Bosmon> I think we\'ve done very well in getting to a couple of days before the event before having to make it
2015-06-03T15:26:55 <michelled> gtirloni: once we make that branch, we are going to need to change http://build.fluidproject.org/first-discovery/demos/ to point to it
2015-06-03T15:28:37 <michelled> does anyone know where standup will be held today?
2015-06-03T15:29:15 <gtirloni> michelled: ok, just give me a heads up and i can change that
2015-06-03T15:30:15 <michelled> thx!
2015-06-03T15:30:54 * yzen_ joined the channel
2015-06-03T15:32:08 <gtirloni> michelled: they\'re in the rha220
2015-06-03T15:32:12 <gtirloni> (room name)
2015-06-03T15:33:35 * yzen has quit
2015-06-03T15:37:17 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-03T15:54:46 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-03T15:59:49 <michelled> Bosmon: are you having issues with JIRA?
2015-06-03T16:00:29 <Bosmon> michelled - I did yesterday for a while
2015-06-03T16:00:31 <Bosmon> It seems to be ok now
2015-06-03T16:00:44 <michelled> gtirloni: ^
2015-06-03T16:01:35 <gtirloni> ah ok, thanks Bosmon
2015-06-03T16:02:56 <gtirloni> I cannot replicate the problems mentioned in the standup meeting so, I\'m trying to collect more info.. if anyone experiences any issues, please let me know :)
2015-06-03T16:15:59 * avtar joined the channel
2015-06-03T16:28:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-03T16:32:26 * kasparne_ has quit
2015-06-03T16:40:12 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-03T16:49:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-03T16:52:04 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-03T17:03:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-03T17:08:07 <anastasiac> cindyli: I\xe2\x80\x99m looking at your default locale comments, and I think I\xe2\x80\x99m not quite clear. Would you have a few minutes to pair with me?
2015-06-03T17:16:38 <anastasiac> cindyli: ^
2015-06-03T17:16:50 <cindyli> sure, amatas
2015-06-03T17:16:55 <cindyli> sure anastasiac
2015-06-03T17:17:10 <cindyli> sorry, pinged wrong person, amatas
2015-06-03T17:49:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cindyli found a  bug with FLOE-361
2015-06-03T17:50:07 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-03T17:50:53 <Justin_o> it seems that the error is coming from https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/tooltip/js/Tooltip.js#L89
2015-06-03T17:51:04 <Justin_o> as in this instance the originalTarget is undefined
2015-06-03T17:52:23 <Justin_o> so interestingly it works if you use the keyboard, but the error occurs with the mouse
2015-06-03T17:52:35 <Justin_o> i\'d assume it has to do with the even getting the wrong target.
2015-06-03T17:57:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, it\'s a bit awkward
2015-06-03T17:57:49 <Bosmon> In theory we could just insert a one-line patch guarding the deletion
2015-06-03T17:58:07 <Bosmon> But it would be hard to argue how it could be accepted without a test case : P
2015-06-03T17:58:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it seems the target is getting the container instead of the tooltip triggering element, the button in this case
2015-06-03T17:58:27 <Bosmon> On the other hand, we have virtually no test cases which cover mouse interaction
2015-06-03T17:58:40 <Bosmon> Actually none at all, I think
2015-06-03T17:58:49 <Justin_o> :(
2015-06-03T17:58:50 <Bosmon> Since jQuery doesn\'t allow us to simulate these properly
2015-06-03T17:59:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  but i\'m not sure that\'s the whole of the issue
2015-06-03T17:59:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in the sense that we would really still want to remove the id from the openIdMap
2015-06-03T18:00:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - are you sure that there is one in there? And that it is not getting deleted by some other means?
2015-06-03T18:00:29 <Justin_o> it looks like it\'s still in there
'

