b'2015-04-30T14:25:23 <Justin_o> i\'ve put you as the lead for that. hope you don\'t mind
2015-04-30T14:25:46 <anastasiac> that seems reasonable :-)
2015-04-30T14:26:22 <Justin_o> cool thanks :)
2015-04-30T14:28:11 <anastasiac> Bosmon, there\xe2\x80\x99s a documentation pull request associated with FLUID-5600, which you reviewed and merged a couple of days ago. Would you have any time to double-check the docs pull request to confirm that it accurately reflects the code changes? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/44
2015-04-30T14:44:32 <slim_jim> Bosmon: Justin_o: I saw your comments above - yes was really FYI for when you have "time" - when\'s that then?  ;)
2015-04-30T14:46:21 <Justin_o> slim_jim: I\'d like to know that too :)
2015-04-30T14:46:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I merged your FLUID-5584 pull request
2015-04-30T14:48:19 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-04-30T15:01:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: would it make sense to have, or is there already, a destroyOnEvent.. sort of the opposite of createOnEvent
2015-04-30T15:03:46 * avtar joined the channel
2015-04-30T15:33:42 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-04-30T15:34:39 <Bosmon7> Hi Justin_o - there is no destroyOnEvent unfortunately.... but it\'s reasonably easy to call "destroy" yourself.... at least, a bit easier than it is to call initDependent yourself
2015-04-30T15:35:07 <Bosmon7> I think it will be best to concentrate on the new-style framework features rather than just issue new features that we\'ll just have to remove again
2015-04-30T15:35:20 <Bosmon7> Speaking as someone who just spent several weeks removing old features : P
2015-04-30T15:35:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: that\'s a good point, i was sort of wondering if there would be something like that for the new system, but then i guess there may not be a createOnEvent anymore
2015-04-30T15:35:38 <Justin_o> :)
2015-04-30T15:35:57 <Bosmon7> We\'ll eventually deprecate createOnEvent, yes
2015-04-30T15:36:42 <Bosmon7> We might even deprecate events themselves : P
2015-04-30T15:36:48 <Bosmon7> Although I can\'t see that happening for a while :)
2015-04-30T15:38:11 <Bosmon7> createOnEvent, just like the old "initFunctions" was always just a stop-gap measure
2015-04-30T15:47:09 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-30T15:49:16 <cindyli> Bosmon: do you think it\'s reasonable for resourceLoader to look up "locale" path in the central model for the currently selected language
2015-04-30T15:50:25 <cindyli> actually at the startup since the locale change triggers the app to restart anyway
2015-04-30T15:55:01 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-04-30T15:58:04 <anastasiac> Justin_o, cindyli:  is there any reason why the language panel tests would fail when run locally in chrome, but pass in safari and on the build site?
2015-04-30T15:58:23 <cindyli> anastasiac: did you clear cache?
2015-04-30T15:59:24 <anastasiac> several times, cindyli
2015-04-30T15:59:35 <cindyli> coming
2015-04-30T16:03:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-04-30T16:04:35 <anastasiac> Justin_o, do the panel test pass for you in chrome when you run them on your local code base? (i.e. not the build site)
2015-04-30T16:05:55 <Justin_o> anastasiac: from the master branch?
2015-04-30T16:06:07 <anastasiac> yes, Justin_o
2015-04-30T16:07:56 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'ll give it a try
2015-04-30T16:09:20 <Justin_o> anastasiac: yes, they work
2015-04-30T16:09:34 <Justin_o> anastasiac: did you clear the cache and reload the page?
2015-04-30T16:09:43 <anastasiac> ok, thanks for the double-check, Justin_o. Something must be weird with my chrome.
2015-04-30T16:09:45 <anastasiac> yes
2015-04-30T16:09:48 <anastasiac> cleared cache
2015-04-30T16:09:53 <Justin_o> anastasiac: strange
2015-04-30T16:09:56 <anastasiac> very
2015-04-30T16:10:01 <Justin_o> maybe try restarting the machien
2015-04-30T16:10:13 <Justin_o> maybe something to do with the version of mac you\'re running?
2015-04-30T16:10:22 <Justin_o> does anyone else in the office have the same version?
2015-04-30T16:12:07 <anastasiac> yeah, I\xe2\x80\x99ll try a few things, Justin_o. I\xe2\x80\x99ve tried restarting Chrome, incognito, etc
2015-04-30T16:12:26 <Justin_o> anastasiac: hmm.. please let me know if you figure out what\'s causing it
2015-04-30T16:17:57 * clown joined the channel
2015-04-30T16:41:28 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-04-30T16:43:08 <Bosmon7> cindyli - yes, I think so
2015-04-30T16:43:11 <Bosmon7> What alternative do you see?
2015-04-30T16:53:33 <cindyli> Bosmon7: the other alternative is to have a preferenceMap for resourceLoader, which is much more complex. :)
2015-04-30T17:00:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-04-30T17:00:14 * colinclark has quit
2015-04-30T17:01:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-04-30T17:12:52 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2015-04-30T17:16:41 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-04-30T17:20:04 <Bosmon7> cindyli - yes, the preferenceMap is not necessary, since we will read the value one time only
2015-04-30T17:20:36 <cindyli> that\'s true
2015-04-30T17:21:41 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I\xe2\x80\x99ve issued a pull request against your FLOE-299 branch \xe2\x80\x93 a fix to the sticky keys instructions
2015-04-30T17:36:37 * michelled joined the channel
2015-04-30T17:37:49 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2015-04-30T17:38:34 * sepideh_ joined the channel
2015-04-30T17:39:19 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks.. i\'ll take a look at that when after i commit my current work
2015-04-30T17:46:59 * simonjb has quit
2015-04-30T17:46:59 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-04-30T17:46:59 * sepideh has quit
2015-04-30T17:47:00 * anvk has quit
2015-04-30T17:47:01 * sepideh_ is now known as sepideh
2015-04-30T17:47:31 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-04-30T17:49:46 * anvk joined the channel
2015-04-30T18:23:39 * clown joined the channel
2015-04-30T18:30:01 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I had hoped to have a look at your FLUID-5600 docs branch before it got merged. I have some comments. What do you think I should do \xe2\x80\x93 open a new JIRA? Re-open 5600? other?
2015-04-30T18:30:47 <Justin_o> anastasiac: oh, hmm.. if they are small maybe reopen, if they are big maybe a new one.. does that sound okay?
2015-04-30T18:31:00 <anastasiac> ok, I\xe2\x80\x99ll open a new JIRA
2015-04-30T18:38:32 * colinclark has quit
2015-04-30T18:42:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-04-30T18:53:05 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay, thanks
2015-04-30T19:11:02 <simonjb> hey Justin_o: do you have time for a quick question?
2015-04-30T19:11:44 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-04-30T19:12:19 <Justin_o> simonjb: I think so
2015-04-30T19:12:37 <simonjb> Justin_o: awesome, can we do skype?
2015-04-30T19:12:48 <cindyli> hi Bosmon or Bosmon8
2015-04-30T19:13:14 <Justin_o> simonjb: sure just be a minute or two
2015-04-30T19:13:30 <simonjb> Justin_o: call me when you\'re good
2015-04-30T19:19:38 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2015-04-30T19:21:27 * michelled_ joined the channel
2015-04-30T19:22:26 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-04-30T19:23:28 * michelled has quit
2015-04-30T19:23:28 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2015-04-30T19:24:43 * anastasiac has quit
2015-04-30T19:24:43 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2015-04-30T19:28:20 <jessm> jhung: you up to speed on the new line of apple products?
2015-04-30T19:29:24 <jhung> jessm: a bit. Justin_o knows a bit too.
2015-04-30T19:29:32 <jhung> He probably knows more than me.
2015-04-30T19:30:08 <jessm> well, Justin_o and jhung i heard a rumor ages ago that we wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t be able to use thunderbolt displays with the new MBPs, but they have thunderbolt too \xe2\x80\x94 why did I hear that rumor or did I just start it?
2015-04-30T19:30:38 <jessm> by the way Justin_o you\xe2\x80\x99ve failed to go offline by \xe2\x80\x9c2:30 ish\xe2\x80\x9d
2015-04-30T19:32:58 <jhung> jessm: probably speculation.
2015-04-30T19:33:21 <jessm> well, i\xe2\x80\x99m glad it isn\xe2\x80\x99t true!
2015-04-30T19:33:55 <jhung> USB C will likely be the new connectivity standard in the near future, but they will likely keep selling adapters for thunderbolt (sort of what they\'re doing now for the new Macbooks)
2015-04-30T20:09:00 <colinclark> anastasiac: Unfortunately, it looks like Google\'s accessibility API is only available to extensions running on Chrome OS
2015-04-30T20:09:19 <colinclark> Which means enacting an onscreen keyboard is substantially more challenging than I had hoped
2015-04-30T20:09:22 <anastasiac> ah, so Chrome browser not enough
2015-04-30T20:09:26 <colinclark> Seems like it, yes
2015-04-30T20:09:30 <anastasiac> :-(
2015-04-30T20:09:33 <colinclark> there seem to be some alternative onscreen keyboard extensions
2015-04-30T20:09:40 <colinclark> i.e. ones that present their own keyboard
2015-04-30T20:09:50 <colinclark> but at first glance they look pretty dreadful
2015-04-30T20:09:53 <colinclark> I\'ll keep digging
2015-04-30T20:10:05 <anastasiac> thanks for the research, colinclark
2015-04-30T20:17:41 * colinclark has quit
2015-04-30T20:23:13 <anastasiac> danaayotte, a couple of design questions came to me about the PGA work we\xe2\x80\x99ve decided to focus on: 1) Would the \xe2\x80\x9cenlarged controls\xe2\x80\x9d adjuster be yes/no, or some kind of range? and 2) If we can manage to turn on an on-screen keyboard, how would the keyboard interact with the \xe2\x80\x9cscreen real estate\xe2\x80\x9d of the tool?
2015-04-30T20:23:45 <anastasiac> danaayotte, it turns out that the onscreen keyboard might not be as possible as hoped, so there\xe2\x80\x99s a chance it might not happen
2015-04-30T20:25:03 <danaayotte> anastasiac: I had imagined enlarged controls as having a range. so probably a larger/smaller or +/- type of adjuster
2015-04-30T20:25:32 <anastasiac> danaayotte, is there any such thing in the PMT?
2015-04-30T20:26:06 <danaayotte> no there isn\'t anastasiac
2015-04-30T20:26:59 <danaayotte> re: onscreen keyboard real estate, that\'s a tricky one
2015-04-30T20:27:15 <danaayotte> but sounds like we may not have to figure it out right now anastasiac?
2015-04-30T20:28:09 <anastasiac> yeah, not sure, danaayotte. Colin has found out that the plugin he was thinking of is only good in Chrome OS, not the browser, so it\xe2\x80\x99s out. He\xe2\x80\x99s looking to see if there\xe2\x80\x99s anything else
2015-04-30T20:38:20 * anvk has quit
2015-04-30T20:40:28 * sepideh has quit
2015-04-30T20:41:03 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-30T20:47:56 * clown has left the channel
2015-04-30T20:48:34 * michelled has quit
2015-04-30T20:55:10 * jhung has quit
2015-04-30T20:56:08 * simonjb has quit
2015-04-30T21:00:43 * anastasiac has quit
2015-04-30T22:27:41 * sepideh has quit
2015-04-30T22:36:39 * Justin_o has quit
2015-04-30T22:51:03 * danaayotte has quit
2015-04-30T23:21:24 * avtar has left the channel
'

b'2015-04-30T01:43:45 * michelled joined the channel
2015-04-30T02:28:53 * michelled has quit
2015-04-30T08:12:59 * slim_jim joined the channel
2015-04-30T08:29:31 * slim_jim joined the channel
2015-04-30T08:50:48 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-04-30T11:06:21 * jhung joined the channel
2015-04-30T11:06:23 * jhung has quit
2015-04-30T11:10:39 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-04-30T11:17:45 * jhung joined the channel
2015-04-30T11:36:32 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o - would you like to look at and merge https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/597 ?
2015-04-30T11:36:39 <Bosmon> cindyli has verified that it solves her issue
2015-04-30T11:38:41 <Bosmon> Also https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/578 if you happen to have some time :)
2015-04-30T11:39:49 * michelled joined the channel
2015-04-30T11:46:52 * michelled has quit
2015-04-30T11:50:11 * michelled joined the channel
2015-04-30T11:53:56 * michelled has quit
2015-04-30T12:05:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry i missed this earlier. i\'ll take a look
2015-04-30T12:10:54 * jhung has quit
2015-04-30T12:17:20 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-04-30T12:30:26 <Bosmon> Thanks, Justin_o!
2015-04-30T12:32:17 * michelled joined the channel
2015-04-30T12:46:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-30T12:56:29 * jessm joined the channel
2015-04-30T12:57:43 * anvk joined the channel
2015-04-30T13:00:32 * yzen joined the channel
2015-04-30T13:08:30 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-04-30T13:13:55 <cindyli> hi Bosmon
2015-04-30T13:14:16 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli!
2015-04-30T13:16:40 <cindyli> Bosmon: in terms of the language support in the prefs framework by using the new resourceSpec "locale" option, what\'s the best way to supply that option to resourceLoader
2015-04-30T13:17:11 <cindyli> there are 2 things to be supplied: defaultLocale and selected locale
2015-04-30T13:17:55 <cindyli> "defaultLocale" i think comes from the "default" of the primary schema for something like "fluid.primarySchema.language"
2015-04-30T13:18:20 <cindyli> the current selected locale comes from the central model
2015-04-30T13:18:51 <cindyli> resourceLoader doesn\'t have a preferencesMap to parse the schema default
2015-04-30T13:18:55 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes, it looks like you will need to mvoe "settingsGetter" and "initialModel" up into the loader
2015-04-30T13:19:25 <cindyli> ok, let me have a look
2015-04-30T13:19:40 <Bosmon> cindyli - can\'t find "preferencesMap" anywhere in the project
2015-04-30T13:20:02 <cindyli> preferenceMap
2015-04-30T13:20:10 <cindyli> without the middle "s
2015-04-30T13:20:11 <cindyli> "
2015-04-30T13:20:22 <cindyli> it\'s used in all panels and enactors
2015-04-30T13:20:56 <cindyli> not "used", should be "defined"
2015-04-30T13:21:48 <Bosmon> cindyli - I think it\'s not necessary here since you will read this option only once
2015-04-30T13:21:51 <Bosmon> On startup
2015-04-30T13:22:11 <Bosmon> All you need to ensure is that the loader has finished reading the model via the settingsGetter before it tries to call fetchResources
2015-04-30T13:22:27 <cindyli> sounds reasonable
2015-04-30T13:22:37 <Bosmon> But to give it access to the settingsGetter you will need to move it all up into the parent component
2015-04-30T13:22:50 <cindyli> ya, to prefsEditorLoader
2015-04-30T13:23:30 <Bosmon> It doesn\'t really matter since i) all existing users of it will still be able to see it, and ii) in future designs, PrefsEditor and PrefsEditorLoader will be a single component anyway
2015-04-30T13:24:39 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-30T13:25:11 <cindyli> Bosmon: "settingsGetter" is to get the saved model that may not be default language value defined in the primary schema
2015-04-30T13:25:26 <cindyli> it could be last saved user prefs
2015-04-30T13:25:45 <Bosmon> cindyli - we can just have an application-wide default for now
2015-04-30T13:26:00 <Bosmon> "defaultLocale" is only intended to be used in the last-ditch case that the user has selected a locale for which we don\'t have a message bundle
2015-04-30T13:26:14 <Bosmon> You shouldn\'t try to persist it in the settings
2015-04-30T13:27:11 <cindyli> yes, so we can create another component "defaultModel" to save those default values, Bosmon
2015-04-30T13:27:23 <Bosmon> cindyli - ?
2015-04-30T13:27:45 <cindyli> i mean how to "have an application-wide default"
2015-04-30T13:27:56 <Bosmon> cindyli - just have an option with that value :)
2015-04-30T13:28:18 <cindyli> where does that option comes from? hardcoded?
2015-04-30T13:28:33 <Bosmon> UIOptionsLoader can just have a standard option named "defaultLocale", yes
2015-04-30T13:28:46 <Bosmon> The only person who might change this is a person who has supplied new message bundles across the entire app
2015-04-30T13:28:51 <Bosmon> So I think it\'s reasonable to hard-code it
2015-04-30T13:29:13 <cindyli> that\'s brutal ;)
2015-04-30T13:29:19 <Bosmon> it\'s not very brutal : P
2015-04-30T13:29:23 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-04-30T13:29:33 <Bosmon> I think that Justin_o\'s recent pull allows them to easily reconfigure it via the auxSchema
2015-04-30T13:29:46 <Bosmon> They can just supply a new grade which applies to the loader
2015-04-30T13:29:50 <cindyli> right. less brutal then
2015-04-30T13:29:57 <Bosmon> "defaultLocale" is only intended to be used in an emergency anyway
2015-04-30T13:30:11 <cindyli> cool
2015-04-30T13:30:13 <Bosmon> Since it implies that a user who has requested one language is going to get messages in a completely different language
2015-04-30T13:30:48 <cindyli> that\'s true. this is very helpful. thanks, Bosmon
2015-04-30T13:35:19 <Bosmon> cindyli - btw, when you use defaultLocale, you should supply it in each resourceSpec separately, rather than as the argument to fetchResources
2015-04-30T13:35:28 <Bosmon> Since half of our resources, the templates, are not localisable at all
2015-04-30T13:35:44 <Bosmon> And so you should only supply it by hand to each of the message type resources
2015-04-30T13:36:00 <cindyli> ah ok
2015-04-30T13:36:03 <Bosmon> Otherwise you\'ll just generate a forest more of 404s on the server without a reason
2015-04-30T13:36:51 <cindyli> thanks for letting me know. my plan was the forbidden one :)
2015-04-30T13:38:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon, cindyli: I\'ve merged the FLUID-5659 pull request
2015-04-30T13:38:29 <Bosmon> Thanks very much, Justin_o!
2015-04-30T13:38:36 * jhung joined the channel
2015-04-30T13:38:45 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-04-30T13:38:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I have a question for you about rendering
2015-04-30T13:39:09 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o
2015-04-30T13:39:16 <Justin_o> so i have a case now where it looks like i might have to use nested conditional proto components
2015-04-30T13:40:38 <Justin_o> So before i had a subcomponent that was created on afterRender. However, in one of the conditions now, that component no longer exists. It is removed by the rendering process. But in the other two conditions it is present.. should i just move this subcomponent inside the prototree, or is there another way you\'d suggest to create it
2015-04-30T13:44:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what do you mean by "conditions"?
2015-04-30T13:44:13 <Bosmon> As in "in one of the conditions"
2015-04-30T13:44:40 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-30T13:45:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i\'m using http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/RendererComponentTreeExpanders.html#condition-expander
2015-04-30T13:45:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - "oh dear" : P
2015-04-30T13:45:50 <Justin_o> i have one condition expander nested in the other
2015-04-30T13:45:51 <Justin_o> :)
2015-04-30T13:46:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so the case is for the keyboard panel in first discovery, we need to better manage the state for when the panel gets re-rendered.
2015-04-30T13:46:33 <Bosmon> I\'M VERY SORRY!
2015-04-30T13:46:46 <Justin_o> haha
2015-04-30T13:47:06 <Justin_o> so the keyboard panel starts off with an initial view that asks you to try to type an @
2015-04-30T13:47:30 <Justin_o> if you do it correctly you go to a "success" screen, if you type it incorrectly you go to "try it" screen
2015-04-30T13:47:38 * michelled joined the channel
2015-04-30T13:48:00 <Justin_o> all of the views/screens have an input field (which has a subcomponent bound to it) except for the "success" one.
2015-04-30T13:48:28 <Justin_o> where the input field is not added to the prototree and thus removed
2015-04-30T13:48:44 * yzen joined the channel
2015-04-30T13:50:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I suggest you make this field "createOnEvent" for a fresh event.... it\'s messy but at least it will be clear
2015-04-30T13:51:02 <Bosmon> You can then conditionally fire this event just after main rendering based on a model field or option value
2015-04-30T13:51:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah okay.. that makes sense
2015-04-30T13:52:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is there a way to get the renderer to fire that event... like can i add a decorator to the prototree that just fires the event?
2015-04-30T13:53:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I don\'t think that\'s wise, no
2015-04-30T13:53:18 <Bosmon> You would want to wait for the main phase of the renderer to have finished completely
2015-04-30T13:53:30 <Bosmon> Which implies that you might like to be something like a "first" listener to afterRender
2015-04-30T13:54:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. i\'ll do that.. should be easy enough
2015-04-30T13:54:28 <Justin_o> thanks
2015-04-30T13:54:29 <jhung> anastasiac, Justin_o, michelled, Bosmon, cindyli: Do we have the "Fluid way of development" documented anywhere? Specifically I\'m hoping to find a doc that outlines how we file jiras, fork and branch, do pulls etc.
2015-04-30T13:55:09 <michelled> http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Collaborate
2015-04-30T13:55:21 <michelled> http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Contributing+Code
2015-04-30T13:55:40 <michelled> does that help?
2015-04-30T13:55:57 <jhung> Excellent! Exactly what I was looking for michelled. Thanks!
2015-04-30T13:56:52 <michelled> np
2015-04-30T14:04:34 * clown joined the channel
2015-04-30T14:07:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon, michelled: did you see the linter that slim_jim sent to the gpii list http://jscs.info, could be useful for infusion
2015-04-30T14:07:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - i did see it, but I\'m not sure we have the time to investigate it right now : P
2015-04-30T14:08:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: time ;(
2015-04-30T14:08:23 <Bosmon> Our current linting I think covers our requirements adequately, and it would take a long time to research what options set (if any) for JSCS would reproduce our current coding style
2015-04-30T14:09:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i was thinking of using it more to fill in the gaps, at least that the sense i got from his e-mail, but i could be mistaken
2015-04-30T14:09:38 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what gaps do we currently have?
2015-04-30T14:10:54 <Justin_o> for specifying the whitespace and etc.. it would be nice if we could use the latest version of jshint and then use this to get the rest of our "styling" specific specifications in
2015-04-30T14:11:34 <Bosmon> I guess.... seems like a bit of a mess to have two phases of linting rather than one... it\'s slow enough to lint infusion as it is
2015-04-30T14:11:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: haha.. i guess, still faster than before though :)
2015-04-30T14:12:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, we can worry about this later though.. for now we\'re probably good as is
2015-04-30T14:12:38 <Bosmon> Yes... I think we have a few more urgent problems for now :)
2015-04-30T14:13:40 <Justin_o> yah, maybe more than a few :)
2015-04-30T14:18:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m looking at your FLUID-5584 pull request
2015-04-30T14:18:22 <Justin_o> it seems that "promise.accumulateRejectionReason" is only called in the test
2015-04-30T14:18:35 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that\'s correct, yes
2015-04-30T14:18:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so this is the expected way to use it
2015-04-30T14:19:14 <Justin_o> a user of the promise, on rejections, would need to add an accumulateRejectionReason function
2015-04-30T14:19:22 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-04-30T14:19:42 <Bosmon> Not on rejections, but whenever they had extra information to accumulate
2015-04-30T14:19:52 <Bosmon> it isn\'t THEIR rejection which is accumulated, but an upstream one
2015-04-30T14:19:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: would it be helpful to provide a default one for someone to use, so they don\'t always have to write their own?
2015-04-30T14:20:07 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-04-30T14:20:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: by default i mean, could we write a global function in the framework that they could drop in as needed.
2015-04-30T14:20:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there is no default one that makes sense
2015-04-30T14:20:57 <Justin_o> because of the accumulating message?
2015-04-30T14:21:09 <Bosmon> Since the whole point of it is to accumulate information that is ONLY known to the promise implementor
2015-04-30T14:21:14 <Bosmon> If there was a default one, it would be worthless
2015-04-30T14:21:20 <Bosmon> Since there is no useful information it could add : P
2015-04-30T14:21:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay
2015-04-30T14:24:46 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'ve tentatively put in a "PGA Workshop followup" community meeting for June 11. Do you think that makes sense?
2015-04-30T14:24:49 <Justin_o> http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+workshops
2015-04-30T14:25:09 <anastasiac> sure, Justin_o, that seems reasonable
'

