b"2015-09-01T19:38:54 * colinclark has quit
2015-09-01T19:51:53 <danayo> simonjb, michelld meeting notes are posted: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Security_Dashboard
2015-09-01T19:52:26 * 64MADQRLQ joined the channel
2015-09-01T19:52:45 <simonjb> thanks very much danayo
2015-09-01T19:56:12 * 64MADQRLQ has quit
2015-09-01T19:58:59 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-01T20:01:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-01T20:04:31 <danayo> cindyli: my thinking is that we should go with all checkboxes - so all on/off switches should be made into check boxes (rather than changing the existing checkboxes to on/off switches)
2015-09-01T20:04:57 <danayo> we don't have this mocked up, but we could use standard check boxes for now, as long as they are big enough
2015-09-01T20:05:36 <danayo> (the emphsize links and buttons boxes are a bit small right now)
2015-09-01T20:06:13 <cindyli> danayo: ok, thanks. so we should change all on/off switches to browser default checkboxes
2015-09-01T20:06:27 <danayo> that's right
2015-09-01T20:06:35 <cindyli> got it. thanks
2015-09-01T20:08:11 <danayo> cindyli: do you want me to add a comment about this in the JIRA?
2015-09-01T20:08:21 <cindyli> that would be great, danayo
2015-09-01T20:08:23 <danayo> ok
2015-09-01T20:09:06 <cindyli> thanks
2015-09-01T20:15:14 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-01T20:15:29 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-09-01T20:17:15 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-09-01T20:20:08 <Bosmon7> Hey there simonjb - sorry to miss your ping from yesterday
2015-09-01T20:20:26 <Bosmon7> I'd love to talk about the hybrid work - probably Thursday or Friday are best for me
2015-09-01T20:20:34 <Bosmon7> Well, Thursday most likely
2015-09-01T20:20:37 <Bosmon7> I am semi-away currently
2015-09-01T20:20:57 <simonjb> Bosmon7: that would be great, we can also wait until next week, if that is better for you
2015-09-01T20:22:41 <simonjb> Bosmon7: I'll ping you on Thursday and if that works, great, otherwise we can do it next week
2015-09-01T20:22:49 <Bosmon7> simonjb - sounds good
2015-09-01T20:24:04 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-01T20:25:56 * avtar joined the channel
2015-09-01T20:32:36 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-01T20:33:40 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-01T20:35:43 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-01T20:38:07 * anvk has quit
2015-09-01T20:41:15 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-01T21:05:11 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-01T21:08:10 * yzen has quit
2015-09-01T21:12:42 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-01T21:17:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-01T21:28:05 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-01T21:37:12 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-01T21:46:25 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-09-01T21:51:11 * yzen_ has quit
2015-09-01T21:56:44 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-01T22:25:03 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-01T22:31:49 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-09-01T22:51:57 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-01T23:16:10 * yzen has quit
2015-09-01T23:16:16 * yzen_ joined the channel
2015-09-01T23:40:30 * yzen_ has quit
2015-09-01T23:43:18 * danayo joined the channel
"

b'2015-09-01T00:22:17 * avtar has left the channel
2015-09-01T00:27:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-01T02:57:28 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-01T07:13:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-01T10:10:12 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-09-01T10:17:27 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-01T10:21:34 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-09-01T10:25:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-01T11:29:27 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-09-01T12:04:39 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-01T12:05:43 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-09-01T12:09:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-09-01T12:36:02 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-09-01T12:57:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-01T13:02:50 <alanharnum> could someone remind me of the timeassist URL?
2015-09-01T13:03:30 <gtirloni> timetrack.idrc.ocad.ca
2015-09-01T13:06:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-01T13:19:08 <alanharnum> gtirloni: thank you!
2015-09-01T13:20:58 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-01T13:25:01 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-01T13:25:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-01T13:37:10 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'m having trouble reopenning the fd tool tutorials doc
2015-09-01T13:37:39 <Justin_o> but what i meant was along the lines of a final conclusion in each section
2015-09-01T13:37:46 <anastasiac> odd, Justin_o, it\xe2\x80\x99s ok for me
2015-09-01T13:40:25 <Justin_o> anastasiac: not sure what\'s up. it worked for me earlier today :(
2015-09-01T13:40:50 <anastasiac> just, try restarting browser? other browser? odd\xe2\x80\xa6
2015-09-01T13:41:04 <anastasiac> regarding conclusion: I\xe2\x80\x99ll draft something and then ask for your feedback :-)
2015-09-01T13:41:08 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-01T13:59:28 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-01T14:00:21 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-01T14:03:27 <cindyli> hi Bosmon, there are a few Kaye\'s pull requests that need to be updated to use the latest infusion framework. do you want me to do the update?
2015-09-01T14:06:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-01T14:08:36 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-01T14:11:47 <Justin_o> cindyli: I merged in your FLOE-407 and FLOE-408 pull requests.
2015-09-01T14:11:59 <cindyli> yay! thanks, Justin_o
2015-09-01T14:15:36 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-09-01T14:28:59 <anastasiac> Justin_o: thanks for your comments on the Prefs Framework tutorial draft, they\xe2\x80\x99re great. I\xe2\x80\x99ve followed up with some specific questions for you, so if you manage to get it working, I\xe2\x80\x99d appreciate any more time you could spare.
2015-09-01T14:30:01 <Justin_o> anastasiac: np, i\'ve replied to the comments that i\'ve seen you left for me
2015-09-01T14:30:30 <anastasiac> thanks, Justin_o; there are probably more for you :-)
2015-09-01T14:35:08 <Justin_o> anastasiac: I think my comments didn\'t save last time :( but I\'ve put them in again. I think i found all the spots. Let me know if I\'ve missed anything.
2015-09-01T14:35:16 <anastasiac> thanks
2015-09-01T14:42:16 <simonjb> hey kasparnet, would you have any time for some questions about preferences and contexts?
2015-09-01T14:56:40 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-01T15:08:40 * anvk joined the channel
2015-09-01T15:15:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-01T15:17:11 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-01T15:26:51 <Justin_o> cindyli: do you remember why this was specified as a demands block instead of directly configuring the component https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/blob/master/src/js/panels.js#L893-L915
2015-09-01T15:29:33 <cindyli> Justin_o: checking ...
2015-09-01T15:30:40 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-01T15:35:11 <cindyli> Justin_o: as i rmb, there were some problems to use distributeOptions to dispatch the configuration to tooltip sub-component used by the language panel. As the prefs framework was still using some demands block for configuring the store, Bosmon gave a green signal to use a demands block here. with the new framework, there should be ways to get rid of it.
2015-09-01T15:36:42 <cindyli> Justin_o: if you search fluid.demands in infusion-custom.js used in the first discovery, u will find a few occurances for ffluid.prefs.store. but now they are all gone in the new framework
2015-09-01T15:42:18 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-01T15:42:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-01T15:42:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-01T15:43:02 <Justin_o> cindyli: so it would be fine if i put the configuration directly into https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/blob/master/src/js/panels.js#L568
2015-09-01T15:47:34 <cindyli> Justin_o: if the configuration is so deep in the subcomponent, would it be hard for integrators/users to config the style used by the language panel tooltip. it would be nice if we could use ways like distributeOptions to make the style class more configurable
2015-09-01T15:48:00 <Justin_o> hmm
2015-09-01T15:48:04 <Justin_o> okay.. i\'ll think about that
2015-09-01T15:49:06 <cindyli> ok. thanks, Justin_o. it might be helpful to study how the demands blocks for fluid.prefs.store are replaced
2015-09-01T15:49:36 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, good idea
2015-09-01T15:59:13 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-01T16:03:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-01T16:28:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-01T16:36:32 <Justin_o> cindyli, michelled, anastasiac, danayo : so i\'m finding other things that need fixing too, and i\'m looking through the FD tool and thinking about the Self Voicing. Ideally we\'d use the context aware system to add/remove it from the interface depending on the support. However, it seems like a key part of the UI that we don\'t want to ever be removed.
2015-09-01T16:36:41 <Justin_o> is that correct?
2015-09-01T16:36:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-01T16:37:00 <Justin_o> and if so, we should, as we are now, only support systems that support the web speech API
2015-09-01T16:37:37 * yzen has quit
2015-09-01T16:39:34 <cindyli> sounds like a question for danayo
2015-09-01T16:41:30 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-01T16:44:13 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-01T16:44:29 <alanharnum> In data sonification news, this is the Hackfest happening at the Access Library Technology conference next week: https://www.miskatonic.org/music/access2015/
2015-09-01T16:44:54 <alanharnum> I\'ve mentioned Katie Legere (who does sonification work with library reference desk data as part of her music) before
2015-09-01T16:45:38 <danayo> Justin_o: I\'m not totally sure what you are asking...what do you mean when you say "a key part of UI that we don\'t want removed"?
2015-09-01T16:46:29 <Justin_o> danayo: i guess i\'m asking if it\'s necessary to support FD Tool without self voicing for cases where the browser doesn\'t support it. I.E remove selfVoicing from the FD Tool in these cases.
2015-09-01T16:52:32 <danayo> Justin_o: if self-voicing is unavailble, I do think we should remove that screen from FD tool
2015-09-01T16:52:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-01T16:53:19 <Justin_o> danayo: it would be more than that, we\'d need to remove the mute button as well
2015-09-01T16:53:30 <danayo> ah - so I think you are saying the other option is that we would not provide FD tool at all in those cases?
2015-09-01T16:53:43 <danayo> yes, no mute button
2015-09-01T16:53:54 <Justin_o> actually we could leave the selfVoicing panel, it would be used to set the system later. many of the adjusters aren\'t really live previewed right now
2015-09-01T16:54:07 <Justin_o> danayo: yes, exactly
2015-09-01T16:54:33 <Justin_o> which is sort of what we do now, we just tell people it doesn\'t work if self voicing isn\'t there
2015-09-01T16:54:40 <Justin_o> isn\'t supported
2015-09-01T16:55:17 <danayo> ok, right, but if they turn it on, it will activate screen reader in system
2015-09-01T16:56:21 <Justin_o> danayo: for the case where we have no support in browser but keep the panel, yes eventually the preference could be used to turn on the systems screen reader or other self voicing mechanism
2015-09-01T16:56:53 <danayo> right, but we\'d still have to remove mute button
2015-09-01T16:57:04 <danayo> or at least make it inactive
2015-09-01T16:57:39 <danayo> I think that makes sense
2015-09-01T17:01:35 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-01T17:05:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-01T17:10:21 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-01T17:10:58 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-01T17:15:22 <Justin_o> danayo: yeah one of those.. okay.. it\'s probably out of scope for the work we are currently doing, but i\'ll file a jira for it and try to leave the code in a state where that could be achieved.
2015-09-01T17:16:06 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: dojo and jQuery foundations are merging. http://www.prweb.com/releases/2015/08/prweb12931885.htm
2015-09-01T17:16:41 <danayo> Justin_o: ok great. so ideally we keep the panel regardless, we just need a good way to communicate that it\'s not available in the browser (how are we doing that now?). Even though not all the preferences are previewed, I think it the user would expect to trigger voice over immediately when they turn it on
2015-09-01T17:16:47 <clown> I wonder what HorseJS will say.
2015-09-01T17:18:55 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-01T17:20:34 <Justin_o> danayo: so we don\'t do that now, because it\'s always supported at the moment. Of the FD Tool doesn\'t work at all.
2015-09-01T17:20:51 <danayo> ok
2015-09-01T17:26:57 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-01T17:32:41 <danayo> michelled, simonjb: do you want to meet now?
2015-09-01T17:32:55 <simonjb> good for me
2015-09-01T17:33:45 <simonjb> we can meet in my vidyo room, I\'ve unlocked it
2015-09-01T17:33:59 <cindyli> danayo, Justin_o, michelled, after a chat with Jan, i\'m switching focus to work on this UIO issue - https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5686. Kaye has a comment here with a new design for the updated checkbox design - https://www.dropbox.com/s/02j7ilnhxd7c8hv/UIO_mock.pdf?dl=0. Is that the design we\'ve decided to go for?
2015-09-01T17:34:56 <cindyli> i rmb we had a discussion but didn\'t reach a concensus
2015-09-01T17:35:33 <Justin_o> cindyli: if we need more time to design we could probably go with standard checkboxes in the interim
2015-09-01T17:36:23 <cindyli> Justin_o: ok. the standard you mean the browser default checkboxes?
2015-09-01T17:36:33 <Justin_o> yes
2015-09-01T17:36:44 <Justin_o> but that\'s only if we don\'t have something to replace them with already
2015-09-01T17:37:25 <michelled> simonjb, danayo: who\'s room?
2015-09-01T17:37:37 <simonjb> michelled, danayo: mine is open
2015-09-01T17:37:40 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o. danayo, do you know if we have a design for a consistent checkbox in UIO?
2015-09-01T17:38:00 <cindyli> danayo: no rush, after ur meeting probably
2015-09-01T17:38:13 <danayo> thanks cindyli, yes, let me take a look and remind myself where we got to
2015-09-01T17:38:27 <cindyli> thanks, danayo
2015-09-01T17:54:16 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-01T18:00:33 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-01T18:18:50 <anastasiac> Justin_o (and cindyli): regarding the First Discovery Tool tutorial: You suggested that we should not tell readers to remove the panel definitions from panels.js, but I\xe2\x80\x99ve discovered that if you don\xe2\x80\x99t remove them, you get an error. Is there something else that could/should be changed instead of editing that file that I\xe2\x80\x99m not aware of?
2015-09-01T18:19:20 <Justin_o> anastasiac: what error are you getting?
2015-09-01T18:19:53 <anastasiac> Justin_o: I\xe2\x80\x99ll double-check specifically, but it relates to the missing selector for the container (which has been removed from the template)
2015-09-01T18:21:12 <gtirloni> everyone: does anyone have experience with the \'tunnelblick\' openvpn client on mac os x?
2015-09-01T18:25:29 <anastasiac> ok, Justin_o, now I\xe2\x80\x99m confused. I can\xe2\x80\x99t replicate that error \xe2\x80\x93 which is good news :-)
2015-09-01T18:25:59 <Justin_o> anastasiac: maybe it was a caching error or a missed save or something. glad it\'s working now though
2015-09-01T18:26:36 <anastasiac> makes the tutorial simpler...
2015-09-01T18:40:36 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-01T18:45:04 <michelled> cindyli, Justin_o: simonjb has articulated some starting points for the security work that we were talking about. We\'ve dropped them onto the iteration plan page. can you co-ordinate with simonjb to get started on these tasks?
2015-09-01T18:45:32 <cindyli> sure, michelled
2015-09-01T18:52:50 <michelled> cindyli: I think we had better get started on the security work soon since we might run out of time
2015-09-01T18:53:07 <michelled> we can try to fit in the UIO tasks in between, or pick them up again afterwards
2015-09-01T18:53:27 <cindyli> ok, michelled.
2015-09-01T18:53:56 <cindyli> simonjb, Justin_o, can we chat for tasking when you are available?
2015-09-01T18:55:21 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'ll be going offline at 3:30 but can chat till then, or we can do the tasking tomorrow
2015-09-01T18:55:24 <Justin_o> simonjb: ^
2015-09-01T18:55:45 <simonjb> cindyli, Justin_o: I think tomorrow would be better for me
2015-09-01T18:55:53 <cindyli> ok, simonjb
2015-09-01T18:56:31 <simonjb> I\'ve got the GPII architecture meeting at 12 and maybe a meeting at 10
2015-09-01T18:57:03 <Justin_o> we have the community meeting at 2:30
2015-09-01T18:57:09 <simonjb> I could get in early tomorrow and aim for 9:00
2015-09-01T18:57:19 <simonjb> would that work for you both?
2015-09-01T18:57:43 <Justin_o> i could do 9am
2015-09-01T18:57:49 <simonjb> cindyli? ^
2015-09-01T18:57:52 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-01T18:58:08 <cindyli> 9am works for me, simonjb, Justin_o
2015-09-01T18:58:16 <simonjb> ok, let\'s do it
2015-09-01T18:59:02 <Justin_o> sounds good
2015-09-01T18:59:38 <simonjb> Justin_o, cindyli: will you be remote tomorrow?
2015-09-01T18:59:46 <cindyli> yes, simonjb
2015-09-01T19:00:08 <Justin_o> yes
2015-09-01T19:00:29 <simonjb> ok, so I might do it from home then -- more likely that I\'ll be available right at 9 :)
'

