b'2015-11-03T17:11:59 <colinclark> In no case does a distinction between a formally-governed repository and one that is more information mean that review, pairing, and collaboration shouldn\'t happen
2015-11-03T17:12:11 <colinclark> If this is ambiguous, I will simply state it flat out
2015-11-03T17:12:43 <colinclark> Whatever you, do here, do it with someone else so that you have the benefit of diversity of thinking and experience
2015-11-03T17:13:17 <colinclark> But, to pick on the trivial, a misplaced semicolon in Infusion has a much greater cost than a misplaced semicolon on our website
2015-11-03T17:13:25 <colinclark> and as a result, we choose to have a more formalized process for that
2015-11-03T17:13:45 <colinclark> It\'s worth considering what the intention is of the repository, and its role within our community
2015-11-03T17:14:12 <colinclark> Is this a library or tool or framework or example that offer up to our community, our partners, and users?
2015-11-03T17:14:25 <colinclark> Is this a library that we intend to build upon, create new applications tools with?
2015-11-03T17:14:27 <colinclark> and so on
2015-11-03T17:15:22 <colinclark> Within the realm of "repositories intended to be reused," we have the distinction between "core" and "emerging," which is probably best documented here: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/GPII_Technical_Governance#Types_of_Projects
2015-11-03T17:16:00 <colinclark> Formalization represents, to a community, a very high cost to contribution
2015-11-03T17:16:04 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-11-03T17:16:22 <colinclark> it\'s not appropriate for repositories that are still being defined, understood, and evolved
2015-11-03T17:16:44 <colinclark> nor is it necessarily appropriate for infrastructure that we use ourselves but don\'t offer up directly as a tool for others
2015-11-03T17:17:02 <colinclark> nor is it necessarily appropriate for documentation, websites and other material
2015-11-03T17:17:04 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T17:17:24 <colinclark> This doesn\'t, once again, mean that these types of repositories don\'t benefit from review and collaboration
2015-11-03T17:17:37 <colinclark> but only that we shouldn\'t place formalized requirements for them
2015-11-03T17:17:48 <colinclark> Justin_o: That\'s my summary :)
2015-11-03T17:21:42 * danayo has quit
2015-11-03T17:35:04 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks, we should probably put this up somewhere. I\'m starting to see something here though in that it isn\'t so much the review process, although that\'s part of it, but a question of who gets to be a maintainer, and how  we decide that. So it appears that for the "formalized" repos, which tend to be code based, it is a rigours meritocratic
2015-11-03T17:35:04 <Justin_o> process. Where as the non-formalized reduces the "rigour" in deciding. Is that correct?
2015-11-03T17:35:35 <colinclark> Yes, that\'s a very nice summary
2015-11-03T17:35:50 <colinclark> And you\'re right that it isn\'t exactly about review
2015-11-03T17:35:54 <colinclark> but about responsibility
2015-11-03T17:36:09 <colinclark> I\'ve been really trying to encourage in the GPII more non-committer code reviews
2015-11-03T17:36:32 <Justin_o> i was just thinking about that yesterday in regards to infusion though
2015-11-03T17:36:34 <colinclark> and our Fluid Crits are similar kinds of forums
2015-11-03T17:36:48 <colinclark> Maintainership is really just about a kind of responsibility
2015-11-03T17:37:19 <colinclark> i.e. who is obligated--by virtue of their ability to make decisions and chart a course for a particular technology--to also help maintain it, review it, etc.
2015-11-03T17:37:27 <colinclark> you can see this with Bosmon a lot these days...
2015-11-03T17:37:37 <colinclark> he has a lot of flexibility to decide what Infusion will become
2015-11-03T17:37:57 <colinclark> but accompanying this is a lot of responsibility to review code and maintain it
2015-11-03T17:38:32 <colinclark> Or you and cindyli, as another example
2015-11-03T17:38:35 <colinclark> with the Preferences Framework
2015-11-03T17:38:49 <colinclark> you go to great lengths to help others use it and to maintain and improve its quality
2015-11-03T17:39:06 <colinclark> What were you thinking in regards to Infusion yesterday, Justin_o?
2015-11-03T17:41:11 * michelled joined the channel
2015-11-03T17:41:51 <Justin_o> colinclark:That code reviews are more of a communal process. Not to say that everyone has to look at a pull request, but that everyone should feel comfortable to and it would be expected to have lots of different eyes on things. We are starting to see this happen more and more, which is good.
2015-11-03T17:42:11 <colinclark> Yes, exactly
2015-11-03T17:42:22 <colinclark> totally true
2015-11-03T17:42:43 <colinclark> formalization is really often about a kind of obligation
2015-11-03T17:42:49 <colinclark> which increases barriers to contribution, etc.
2015-11-03T17:43:01 <colinclark> but can be very helpful when there\'s a lot at stake
2015-11-03T17:43:30 <colinclark> obligation isn\'t quite the right word, is it?
2015-11-03T17:43:43 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T17:46:41 <Justin_o> colinclark: i\'m not sure if it increases the barriers, it\'s really a different type, if everything was completely open you\'d have a different set of barriers crop up.
2015-11-03T17:46:58 <colinclark> Perhaps
2015-11-03T17:47:19 <Justin_o> it\'s about mediation i guess, in that some set of standards are maintained where by you can "guarantee" the expectations of the playing field
2015-11-03T17:47:24 <Justin_o> i\'m not sure that made any sense
2015-11-03T17:47:36 <colinclark> Yes, I think it makes sense
2015-11-03T17:48:16 <colinclark> I think in general, we should try to favour informal processes
2015-11-03T17:48:32 <colinclark> and when it\'s not appropriate, be really clear that it isn\'t and use our technical governance process
2015-11-03T17:50:01 * kasparnet has quit
2015-11-03T18:00:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-11-03T18:06:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-11-03T18:06:41 * kasparnet has quit
2015-11-03T18:13:03 * danayo joined the channel
2015-11-03T18:19:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-03T18:25:46 <Justin_o> colinclark: do we have a list of which fall under which, or a way to flag them?
2015-11-03T18:25:50 <Justin_o> the repos that is
2015-11-03T18:26:04 <colinclark> We do in the GPII
2015-11-03T18:26:06 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: do you have a minute for a gpii-express question
2015-11-03T18:26:13 <colinclark> In the fluid-project org, I don\'t the we have a list
2015-11-03T18:26:23 <colinclark> and I don\'t think there\'s any reason we shouldn\'t
2015-11-03T18:26:39 <colinclark> Probably it\'ll be easiest just to have a wiki page that lists the "core" and "emerging" repositories
2015-11-03T18:26:48 <colinclark> So we don\'t constantly have to add every new repo to a list
2015-11-03T18:27:15 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, true, or we could add it in the description of the repo in github or something
2015-11-03T18:27:26 <Justin_o> too bad there isn\'t a way to "tag" the repos
2015-11-03T18:27:40 <colinclark> yeah, that would be nice
2015-11-03T18:34:27 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i\'ve added the repo https://github.com/fluid-project/ci-service, could you close the JIRA if all the changes that are needed have been completed https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5792
2015-11-03T18:34:41 <gtirloni> Justin_o: thank you, will do!
2015-11-03T18:46:01 * jhung has quit
2015-11-03T18:52:25 * jhung joined the channel
2015-11-03T18:53:06 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, @Justin_o, I\'m off for the night, but I do walk by my computer now and again.  Fire away with your question and I\'ll do what I can.
2015-11-03T18:53:18 <the-t-in-rtf> Even if I have to write something up for you in the morning.
2015-11-03T18:55:04 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T18:55:30 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: thanks, just wondering how to access the body of a request
2015-11-03T18:55:41 <Justin_o> i was expecting to get that.request.body but i\'m not seeing it
2015-11-03T18:56:03 <Justin_o> so i\'m not sure if it\'s somewhere else, can\'t find it though, or if it is something wrong with the request that is coming in.
2015-11-03T18:56:14 <Justin_o> that.request.query is working though
2015-11-03T18:58:51 <the-t-in-rtf> Ah, you have to wire in the appropriate middleware
2015-11-03T18:59:04 <the-t-in-rtf> that adds the body to the request object
2015-11-03T18:59:15 <the-t-in-rtf> Finding you an example now....
2015-11-03T18:59:50 <the-t-in-rtf> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-express/blob/master/tests/js/middleware/middleware-tests.js#L91
2015-11-03T18:59:55 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o
2015-11-03T18:59:59 <the-t-in-rtf> ^^^^
2015-11-03T19:00:15 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, the JSON body parser and the URL encoded parser are the two I usually wire in.
2015-11-03T19:01:07 <the-t-in-rtf> I think urlencoded adds req.query and bodyparser adds req.body
2015-11-03T19:01:10 <gtirloni> Justin_o: the job definitions at https://ci-int.fluidproject.org are now updated automatically based on the fluid-project/ci-service repo. Thanks!
2015-11-03T19:04:10 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: thanks, i\'ll look into that
2015-11-03T19:04:25 <Justin_o> gtirloni: great, thanks
2015-11-03T19:19:12 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-11-03T19:19:49 * anastasiac has quit
2015-11-03T19:31:28 * colinclark has quit
2015-11-03T19:33:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-11-03T19:46:26 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-11-03T19:46:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-11-03T19:48:09 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-11-03T19:55:12 * clown joined the channel
2015-11-03T19:57:59 * jessm joined the channel
2015-11-03T20:02:17 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-11-03T20:04:19 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2015-11-03T20:06:36 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-11-03T20:07:38 * lliskovoi_ is now known as lliskovoi
2015-11-03T20:14:08 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-11-03T20:16:31 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T20:18:02 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-11-03T20:28:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-03T20:33:06 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-11-03T20:33:06 * slim_ has quit
2015-11-03T20:43:11 * slim__ has quit
2015-11-03T20:53:59 * jhung has quit
2015-11-03T21:01:58 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T21:07:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-11-03T21:11:10 * kasparnet has quit
2015-11-03T21:12:00 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-11-03T21:13:10 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T21:15:00 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-11-03T21:15:38 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-11-03T21:16:18 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-11-03T21:16:20 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-03T21:22:58 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T21:27:36 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T21:28:50 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T21:34:37 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-11-03T21:38:21 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-11-03T21:39:11 * yzen_ has quit
2015-11-03T21:56:05 * danayo joined the channel
2015-11-03T22:01:05 * kasparnet has quit
2015-11-03T22:37:44 <colinclark> Bosmon: So is our general approach to publish a development version of Infusion whenever a new round of pull requests get merged?
2015-11-03T22:52:36 * Justin_o has quit
2015-11-03T23:05:15 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2015-11-03T23:44:25 <Bosmon> colinclark - well, something like that
2015-11-03T23:44:38 <Bosmon> I mean, in practice, I publish a dev version when I need to refer to it from something
2015-11-03T23:44:52 <Bosmon> And things being what they are, this tends to naturally correlate with a round of pull requests being merged : P
2015-11-03T23:53:29 <colinclark> Shall I publish now that I\'ve finished this round of Infusion review, then?
'

b'2015-11-03T04:48:34 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-11-03T04:48:34 * Jess_ has quit
2015-11-03T04:50:54 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-11-03T08:00:38 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-11-03T08:00:38 * NOTICE: [freenode-info] channel flooding and no channel staff around to help? Please check with freenode support: http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp
2015-11-03T09:22:55 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-11-03T11:01:53 * [o__o] has quit
2015-11-03T11:04:13 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-11-03T11:06:22 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-11-03T11:18:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-11-03T11:51:38 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-03T13:35:26 * jhung joined the channel
2015-11-03T13:37:15 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-11-03T13:43:35 * kasparnet has quit
2015-11-03T13:45:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-03T13:52:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-11-03T13:54:53 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-03T14:17:12 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-11-03T14:17:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: did you change the way that the JSON encoding or requests happens, in your KETTLE-32 pull request?
2015-11-03T14:17:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2015-11-03T14:17:52 <Bosmon> Just writing up the docs now
2015-11-03T14:18:13 <Bosmon> I have even written an..... EXAMPLE!
2015-11-03T14:18:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: awesome, i guess i\'ll wait for that to update my component.. i didn\'t get a chance to try out the solution you recommended yesterday
2015-11-03T14:19:15 <Bosmon> Ok - just give me about 10 mins
2015-11-03T14:19:20 <Bosmon> It really takes forever to write documentation
2015-11-03T14:20:05 <Justin_o> :) thanks
2015-11-03T14:23:58 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-11-03T14:24:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-11-03T14:29:02 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-11-03T14:39:25 <avtar> alanharnum, gtirloni: could either of you please merge these two PRs? https://github.com/idi-ops/ansible-nodejs/pulls
2015-11-03T14:40:45 <alanharnum> avtar: will do
2015-11-03T14:40:59 <avtar> thanks, pardner
2015-11-03T14:41:19 <alanharnum> avtar: no problemo brosephine
2015-11-03T14:42:35 <gtirloni> avtar: thx! fc23 is out today.. i think we\'ve got 6 months of patches. nodesource released fc23 pkgs too so that\'s a good sign
2015-11-03T14:42:43 <gtirloni> (6mo for fc22)
2015-11-03T14:45:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok - here it is
2015-11-03T14:45:44 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/kettle/tree/KETTLE-32#using-encodings-with-a-datasource
2015-11-03T14:47:21 <avtar> gtirloni: it\'s great that nodesource released packages already
2015-11-03T14:47:37 <avtar> although i only see 4.* ones for fc23
2015-11-03T14:47:54 <avtar> but none for older releases :/ https://rpm.nodesource.com/pub_0.12/fc/
2015-11-03T14:49:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, i don\'t know if "setResponseNamespaces" is obvious as the place to override the decoding of the response though
2015-11-03T14:49:37 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-11-03T14:49:56 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no, it is entirely unobvious
2015-11-03T14:50:07 <gtirloni> avtar: i think the older versions are history by now :)
2015-11-03T14:50:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what types of things could go in that array?
2015-11-03T14:50:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - names of namespaces
2015-11-03T14:50:25 <Bosmon> As the docs suggest : P
2015-11-03T14:50:39 <Justin_o> haha, but what are they for, i guess i just don\'t understand what it does
2015-11-03T14:50:40 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/kettle/tree/KETTLE-32#configuration-options-accepted-by-kettledatasourceurl
2015-11-03T14:50:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think perhaps you are not used to having .... DOCUMENTATION :)
2015-11-03T14:51:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, just found that there are docs for that option, i\'ll read it now
2015-11-03T14:53:57 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-11-03T14:54:18 <jhung> anastasiac: I think I\'m going to be on PhET all day today. If you want, you can try to fix the Infusion / component relay issue and send a pull req.
2015-11-03T14:54:36 <anastasiac> ok, jhung
2015-11-03T14:54:59 <jhung> also anastasiac - you may want to update from my docs-core master. I reverted the infusion update. I didn\'t want something broken. :)
2015-11-03T14:57:18 <anastasiac> ah, ok, jhung, so I should re-do the infusion upgrade from scratch?
2015-11-03T14:57:40 <jhung> yes anastasiac.
2015-11-03T14:57:47 <anastasiac> k
2015-11-03T14:59:37 * danayo joined the channel
2015-11-03T15:01:51 * clown joined the channel
2015-11-03T15:03:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-11-03T15:11:18 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T15:11:25 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-11-03T15:12:01 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T15:15:12 <Justin_o> anastasiac: could you remind me which pull request it was you mentioned in standup yesterday that I should continue reviewing.
2015-11-03T15:15:33 <anastasiac> Justin_o: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/75
2015-11-03T15:15:43 <anastasiac> it\xe2\x80\x99s the prefs framework tutorial, Justin_o
2015-11-03T15:15:56 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2015-11-03T15:16:14 <anastasiac> Justin_o: also the associated code: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/629
2015-11-03T15:16:19 <anastasiac> thanks
2015-11-03T15:17:31 <cindyli> simonjb: can you review my universal pull request when you have a chance - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/421
2015-11-03T15:17:48 <cindyli> it\'s to add the new end point /add-preferences
2015-11-03T15:21:39 <anastasiac> kasparnet: I don\xe2\x80\x99t know if you\xe2\x80\x99re familiar with the Preferences for Global Access project (PGA). They developed a First Discovery Tool to help people learn about preferences. The next phase of the project wants to installit in a few pilot locations to gather evaluation information, etc.
2015-11-03T15:22:00 <anastasiac> they are considering whether or not to install the GPII in the pilot locations
2015-11-03T15:22:12 <anastasiac> I offered to put together some links to help the dev team along
2015-11-03T15:22:36 <anastasiac> kasparnet, would you mind if I forwarded you a draft of my email, so you could check if I\xe2\x80\x99m pointing people in the right direction?
2015-11-03T15:22:42 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-03T15:23:20 <kasparnet> anastasiac: not at all
2015-11-03T15:23:35 <anastasiac> thanks, kasparnet
2015-11-03T15:25:20 <gtirloni> avtar: i was wrong, fc22 will have updates for approx. 13 months from GA date, so until Jun-Jul \'16
2015-11-03T15:26:09 <anastasiac> kasparnet: email sent
2015-11-03T15:30:33 <avtar> gtirloni: noiiice :D
2015-11-03T15:30:51 <gtirloni> Justin_o: when you get some spare time, could you take a look at FLUID-5792? thanks!
2015-11-03T15:39:56 <Justin_o> gtirloni: sure, i\'ll take  look
2015-11-03T15:40:56 <Justin_o> colinclark: i think i\'ll make a new team in our github space for dev-ops stuff that gtirloni mentions in the above JIRA.
2015-11-03T15:41:11 <Justin_o> colinclark: there is already an ops team, which seems to be responsible for websites
2015-11-03T15:41:16 <colinclark> yes
2015-11-03T15:41:22 <colinclark> which JIRA, Justin_o?
2015-11-03T15:41:30 <Justin_o> FLUID-5792
2015-11-03T15:42:07 <colinclark> What\'s the difference in your mind between the current ops team and this new team, Justin_o?
2015-11-03T15:43:25 <Justin_o> colinclark: seems like the current one is related to updating the website, where as the new one will be for things like jenkins configurations and etc.
2015-11-03T15:43:47 <colinclark> Is that a meaningful distinction, to you?
2015-11-03T15:43:52 <colinclark> What\'s the difference in the composition of the teams, do you imagine?
2015-11-03T15:44:00 <colinclark> I don\'t know the answer to these questions, I\'m just curious
2015-11-03T15:44:38 <Justin_o> I think the new team will be alanharnum, avtar, and gtirloni
2015-11-03T15:44:58 <Justin_o> the current one is michelled, you, avtar, cindyli, jhung, anastasiac
2015-11-03T15:48:55 <Justin_o> colinclark: for now i think there is a distinction in the work, where one group is setting up continuous integration and the other is creating content for the sites.. the continuous integration will be for more than the sites i\'d imagine.
2015-11-03T15:49:48 <colinclark> is there anything other than continuous integration that you think this new team will be responsible for?
2015-11-03T15:50:24 <Justin_o> colinclark: not sure, that\'s the only repo requested so far. gtirloni, avtar, alanharnum any thoughts?
2015-11-03T15:51:37 <alanharnum> Justin_o: I think within that context of the Fluid Project, that\'s the primary one so far
2015-11-03T15:51:38 <gtirloni> nothing that i can think of right now (maybe any dev automation repos that might one day exist in the fluid-project org... unknwn)
2015-11-03T15:52:41 <avtar> i\'m wondering if other project members might want to contribute changes to ci jobs at some point as well
2015-11-03T15:53:34 <avtar> in which case a new team might not be necessary and we could continue using the  current \'ops\' team
2015-11-03T15:55:14 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-11-03T15:55:30 <Justin_o> i suppose it\'s a bit unclear to me with even the current ops team about who gets maintainer access (how/why?)
2015-11-03T15:57:16 <anastasiac> jhung: https://github.com/jhung/docs-core/pull/3
2015-11-03T15:57:55 <jhung> thanks anastasiac. I\'ll take a look at that shortly.
2015-11-03T16:04:38 <colinclark> Justin_o: There\'s no need for things like websites to have a formalized process
2015-11-03T16:04:50 <colinclark> people who are willing to contribute and are able to do so responsibly, get access
2015-11-03T16:05:08 <colinclark> we\'ve always had a distinction between our "governed" repositories and those that are more informal
2015-11-03T16:12:08 <Justin_o> do we want the ci one to be informal?
2015-11-03T16:15:09 <Justin_o> colinclark: ^
2015-11-03T16:17:42 <Justin_o> simonjb: http://sinonjs.org
2015-11-03T16:23:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: what is the name of the ontology that the first discovery preferences are in?
2015-11-03T16:23:38 <cindyli> firstDiscovery-flat.json, Justin_o
2015-11-03T16:23:57 <Justin_o> cindyli: what should it be called in the view query parameter
2015-11-03T16:24:05 <cindyli> view=firstDiscovery
2015-11-03T16:24:12 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-11-03T16:24:14 <cindyli> np
2015-11-03T16:31:10 <colinclark> Justin_o: Can you think of reasons why it shouldn\'t be informal?
2015-11-03T16:53:03 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-11-03T16:59:20 <Justin_o> colinclark: it\'s funny because looking at the process you described for the informal "people who are willing to contribute and are able to do so responsibly, get access" is not really much different from the formal process.
2015-11-03T16:59:24 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2015-11-03T16:59:43 <colinclark> With the additional step of code review
2015-11-03T16:59:52 <colinclark> that\'s the primary difference
2015-11-03T17:00:26 <colinclark> the extent to which we need a formalized process for defining who is ultimately responsible for code quality and governance
2015-11-03T17:00:45 <Justin_o> colinclark: i guess the question then is why don\'t we want the website changes reviewed, in practice we probably do review all of the changes anyways.
2015-11-03T17:01:06 <colinclark> Tha\'ts not really the question in my mind
2015-11-03T17:01:25 <colinclark> there\'s nothing that prevents review in an informal repository
2015-11-03T17:01:31 <colinclark> and in fact it\'s highly encouraged
2015-11-03T17:01:42 <colinclark> as you\'ve seen in practice, for example, with the Infusion documentation recently
2015-11-03T17:01:43 <Justin_o> sorry, didn\'t mean don\'t want, should have been don\'t need
2015-11-03T17:01:59 <colinclark> the question is whether you need a formalized process fo rit
2015-11-03T17:02:19 <colinclark> and I believe in many cases, we really don\'t need formalized processes
2015-11-03T17:02:24 <colinclark> in a handful of cases, we very much do
2015-11-03T17:02:42 <Justin_o> colinclark: could you articulate what divides those categories
2015-11-03T17:03:10 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-03T17:03:13 <colinclark> I\'m not sure I quite understand what you want me to articulate, Justin_o
2015-11-03T17:03:20 <colinclark> I\'m happy to try, but I\'m not sure what you mean exactly
2015-11-03T17:05:31 <colinclark> Justin_o: Are you asking "How do we decide which repositories should have a formal technical governance process, and which ones shouldn\'t?"
2015-11-03T17:05:32 <Justin_o> colinclark: so if i add repo "x" how do i know if it falls under formal guidelines or not. What makes a repo require the formalized process? something along those lines.
2015-11-03T17:05:39 <Justin_o> yes
2015-11-03T17:05:43 <colinclark> Ok
2015-11-03T17:09:04 <colinclark> I don\'t believe there are--or indeed should be--a set of hard and fast rules for these kinds of decisions
2015-11-03T17:09:22 <colinclark> we use common sense and discretion here
2015-11-03T17:09:53 <colinclark> weighing ease of contribution against maximal code quality assurance
2015-11-03T17:10:10 <colinclark> and each project or repository is going to have a different equation along those lines
2015-11-03T17:10:30 <colinclark> The first issue is whether or not the repository largely consists of code or not
2015-11-03T17:11:04 <colinclark> Since ordinary language simply doesn\'t represent the same kinds of risks as code does
2015-11-03T17:11:28 <colinclark> in regards to the possibility of regressions, costly errors, and impact on other peoples\' software
'

