b'2015-02-12T21:57:15 * clown has left the channel
2015-02-12T22:00:57 <jhung> anastasiac: I have made an update to the pull req.
2015-02-12T22:01:05 <anastasiac> thanks, jhung
2015-02-12T22:09:18 * kasparnet has quit
2015-02-12T22:09:41 * jessm has quit
2015-02-12T22:11:59 <anastasiac> merged, jhung \xe2\x80\x93 thanks!
2015-02-12T22:12:39 <jhung> excellent anastasiac! I can help w the a11y sprint website tomorrow.
2015-02-12T22:13:06 <anastasiac> jhung, michelled reviewed my temporary site and I pushed it, but it still needs lots of work. Not yet much like the designs
2015-02-12T22:13:20 <anastasiac> and jhung, we might still tweak the fd tool tomorrow :-)
2015-02-12T22:13:39 <jhung> anastasiac: ok. :)
2015-02-12T22:15:35 * anvk has quit
2015-02-12T22:16:22 * jhung has quit
2015-02-12T22:19:13 * Sepideh joined the channel
2015-02-12T22:19:33 * Justin_o has quit
2015-02-12T22:19:53 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-02-12T22:19:54 * Sepideh has quit
2015-02-12T22:21:07 * michelled has quit
2015-02-12T22:28:58 * anastasiac has quit
2015-02-12T22:32:00 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-02-12T23:09:10 * danaayotte has quit
2015-02-12T23:56:16 * Justin_o has quit
'

b"2015-02-12T16:04:21 <slim_jim> sneaky
2015-02-12T16:04:58 <colinclark> slim_jim: we should do something involving cats
2015-02-12T16:05:12 <colinclark> THE kasparnet LOVES CATS DISCUSSION FORUM
2015-02-12T16:05:16 <Justin_o> colinclark, slim_jim: let me know when you guys are hacking
2015-02-12T16:05:25 <kasparnet> YAY!!!! IT'S DONE!!
2015-02-12T16:05:30 <kasparnet> the torture is over
2015-02-12T16:05:36 <kasparnet> praise the lord
2015-02-12T16:05:40 <kasparnet> thank you jesus!
2015-02-12T16:05:40 <slim_jim> colinclark: yeah. I added a grautitous cat phot to one of my prezzos but Matthias used the oone on his maching
2015-02-12T16:05:41 <colinclark> lol
2015-02-12T16:06:00 <colinclark> i was very excited by my Simpsons photo
2015-02-12T16:06:05 <slim_jim> so need photos - -woaaaah feature creep
2015-02-12T16:06:20 <kasparnet> allahu akbar
2015-02-12T16:06:37 <slim_jim> kasparnet: wait, gregg will call for  a special meeting with you
2015-02-12T16:06:50 <kasparnet> DONT EVEN JOKE ABOUT THAT slim_jim
2015-02-12T16:06:55 <kasparnet> :D
2015-02-12T16:07:09 <kasparnet> good timing.. down to 6% battery as well
2015-02-12T16:07:11 * kasparnet has quit
2015-02-12T16:12:59 * clown_mtg is now known as clown
2015-02-12T16:32:04 * colinclark has quit
2015-02-12T16:38:10 * Sepideh has quit
2015-02-12T16:45:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-02-12T16:51:21 * Sepideh joined the channel
2015-02-12T16:52:20 * michelled joined the channel
2015-02-12T17:08:20 <jessm> jhung: ping
2015-02-12T17:10:55 * clown has quit
2015-02-12T17:11:20 <jhung> jessm: hey
2015-02-12T17:11:45 <jessm> jhung: i wanted to connect you with Mohsen a master\xe2\x80\x99s student who will help with the summit site
2015-02-12T17:11:53 <jessm> jhung: i\xe2\x80\x99ll do it on skype
2015-02-12T17:12:13 <jhung> jessm: ok
2015-02-12T17:12:51 <jessm> jhung: the hope is that since we need the site so soon, Mohsen can help get something done faster and we can get it up as soon as possible so we can point to the url
2015-02-12T17:13:51 <jhung> sure jessm. I'll coordinate with him.
2015-02-12T17:14:33 <jessm> jhung: awesome. let me know if there\xe2\x80\x99s anything i can help with
2015-02-12T17:14:38 <jhung> k
2015-02-12T17:15:16 <anastasiac> jhung, I\xe2\x80\x99ve pushed my start at hover styling: https://github.com/acheetham/first-discovery/tree/FLOE-256
2015-02-12T17:15:31 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m still working jhung, but feel free to merge what I\xe2\x80\x99ve got as I update
2015-02-12T17:15:43 <jhung> thanks anastasiac.
2015-02-12T17:16:08 <anastasiac> jhung there are also changes to the bottom icon styles, as requested by danaayotte
2015-02-12T17:16:20 <jhung> ok
2015-02-12T17:16:53 * clown joined the channel
2015-02-12T17:17:03 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2015-02-12T17:20:42 <jessm> jhung: do you know what needs to happen for us to have a URL to point to for the site? and can we have one by tomorrow? a URL?
2015-02-12T17:21:01 <jessm> i saw you and michelled talked about that earlier
2015-02-12T17:21:03 <jhung> jessm: colinclark, michelled and I chatted about that this morning
2015-02-12T17:21:24 <jhung> the easiest thing would be to host it on FloeProject.org site.
2015-02-12T17:21:32 <jessm> jhung: yep, sounds good
2015-02-12T17:23:12 <michelled> jhung: I think colinclark's suggested url is good. also, maybe you could aim to have a first slice of the site up tomorrow? just the basic info or something?
2015-02-12T17:23:21 <michelled> is that reasonable?
2015-02-12T17:24:38 * kasparnet has quit
2015-02-12T17:24:44 <jhung> michelled: not really. I'm helping w First Discovery at the moment. Then I need to assess to see if moisen is a good fit to do the work.
2015-02-12T17:29:01 * avtar joined the channel
2015-02-12T17:44:10 * Sepideh has quit
2015-02-12T17:44:47 * Sepideh joined the channel
2015-02-12T17:57:54 * Sepideh has quit
2015-02-12T17:58:14 * Sepideh joined the channel
2015-02-12T18:11:56 <cindyli> Justin_o: i've left some comments on ur pull for FLOE-260
2015-02-12T18:14:46 <cindyli> danaayotte: can you send me the link that has those texts to be displayed for tooltips in the first discovery tool?
2015-02-12T18:15:09 * yzen_ joined the channel
2015-02-12T18:15:28 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-02-12T18:17:28 * yzen__ joined the channel
2015-02-12T18:17:34 <danaayotte> here you go cindyli: https://www.dropbox.com/s/3rongwwjwcjjos9/First%20Discovery%20focus%20hover%20active.pdf?dl=0
2015-02-12T18:19:38 * danaayotte has quit
2015-02-12T18:20:15 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-02-12T18:25:11 <Justin_o> cindyli: i left a couple more comments on the FLOE-257 pull request
2015-02-12T18:25:24 <cindyli> ok, thanks, Justin_o
2015-02-12T18:45:15 * kasparnet has quit
2015-02-12T18:49:07 <cindyli> Justin_o: ur comments are addressed and ready for another look
2015-02-12T18:50:45 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-02-12T18:54:44 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks.. i'll take a look at it.. and same goes for my FLOE-260 branch
2015-02-12T18:55:31 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o, looking at FLOE-260 now
2015-02-12T18:56:16 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-02-12T18:57:39 <cindyli> np, Justin_o, did you see this comment - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/14#diff-for-comment-24602929
2015-02-12T18:58:18 <cindyli> that was an old comment, also left a new one for FLOE-260 Justin_o
2015-02-12T18:58:57 <cindyli> Justin_o: my bad, yes, u did address that old comment
2015-02-12T18:59:12 <Justin_o> cindyli: thought i did.. was double checking the code :)
2015-02-12T18:59:40 <cindyli> was me didn't see it, sorry :)
2015-02-12T19:05:54 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-02-12T19:07:38 <avtar> anastasiac: http://build.fluidproject.org/first-discovery/demos/
2015-02-12T19:09:01 <Justin_o> cindyli: i merged in your FLOE-257 pull request
2015-02-12T19:10:10 <cindyli> super. thanks, Justin_o
2015-02-12T19:10:23 * clown_mtg has quit
2015-02-12T19:34:36 * clown joined the channel
2015-02-12T19:52:56 <Justin_o> cindyli: i've done that linting and pushed up
2015-02-12T19:53:10 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-02-12T19:56:21 <jhung> anastasiac: I'm done styling the focus states. I'm looking at the tooltips now, and I'm not sure how it can be styled because the tool tip class appears on a different element than the element getting the tooltip.
2015-02-12T19:57:10 <anastasiac> jhung, thanks for the styling. maybe all we can do about the tooltip is adjust the generic styling to look a bit more like the designs
2015-02-12T19:57:19 <cindyli> Justin_o: i've merged ur pull request for FLOE-260
2015-02-12T19:57:20 <anastasiac> let\xe2\x80\x99s not worry too much
2015-02-12T19:57:27 <anastasiac> yay!!!
2015-02-12T19:57:34 <anastasiac> thanks, cindyli
2015-02-12T19:57:38 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-02-12T19:57:43 <cindyli> np
2015-02-12T19:58:21 <anastasiac> Justin_o, cindyli, jhung: http://build.fluidproject.org/first-discovery/demos/ !
2015-02-12T19:58:55 <Justin_o> anastasiac: that's awesome
2015-02-12T19:59:12 <anastasiac> thank avtar, not me
2015-02-12T19:59:19 <Justin_o> avtar: thanks :)
2015-02-12T20:00:23 <avtar> Justin_o: thank obama care
2015-02-12T20:02:02 <jhung> anastasiac: Not sure if there's much I can do with the generic class.
2015-02-12T20:02:14 <jhung> The two major issues with the tool tips are positioning and the location of the arrow. Neither of these can be fixed using the generic tooltip class because it's context specific to the element getting the tooltip.
2015-02-12T20:02:30 <anastasiac> ok, jhung, let\xe2\x80\x99s not worry about it right now
2015-02-12T20:02:59 <jhung> I'll take a look over the hover style now and submit a pull req shortly anastasiac
2015-02-12T20:03:00 <anastasiac> let\xe2\x80\x99s see how what we\xe2\x80\x99ve got so far all works together
2015-02-12T20:03:09 <anastasiac> jhung, you merged in my branch to yours?
2015-02-12T20:03:16 <jhung> anastasiac: yep
2015-02-12T20:03:19 <anastasiac> excellent
2015-02-12T20:03:20 <anastasiac> thanks
2015-02-12T20:08:10 * Sepideh has quit
2015-02-12T20:11:37 <cindyli> anastasiac and jhung, just to double check if you are or will be working on the styling for tooltips?
2015-02-12T20:12:36 <jhung> cindyli: no because there is not tooltip class on the element that needs the styling.
2015-02-12T20:14:22 <cindyli> jhung: ok, i will work on that once finished updating the tooltip contents
2015-02-12T20:16:27 <jhung> ok cindyli. let me know if you want me to show you what I will need to style it properly.
2015-02-12T20:18:02 <cindyli> jhung: vidyo?
2015-02-12T20:18:22 <jhung> sure give me a sec cindyli
2015-02-12T20:18:38 <cindyli> sure, call me when you are ready, jhung
2015-02-12T20:27:35 <Justin_o> cindyli: when you get a chance could you please review https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/15
2015-02-12T20:27:46 <anastasiac> Justin_o, it looks like our android table can\xe2\x80\x99t be updated to the latest os :-(
2015-02-12T20:29:21 <Justin_o> that's unfortunate
2015-02-12T20:29:36 <Justin_o> anastasiac: maybe someone who has one of the newer android phones could try it out
2015-02-12T20:29:51 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m goign to look into the emulator, Justin_o
2015-02-12T20:30:07 <Justin_o> good idea, thanks
2015-02-12T20:31:46 <anastasiac> jhung, if you have a minte, I\xe2\x80\x99ve issued a very small pull request: https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/16
2015-02-12T20:34:09 <jhung> anastasiac: ok
2015-02-12T20:34:39 <anastasiac> thanks, jhung. Let me know when you have a pull request for FLOE-256
2015-02-12T20:36:40 <jhung> it'll be a few more minutes anastasiac. I'm adding active states now
2015-02-12T20:36:49 <anastasiac> np
2015-02-12T20:42:10 <jhung> anastasiac: I made one comment on the FLOE-260 pull request.
2015-02-12T20:42:16 <cindyli> Justin_o: i left some comments on ur pull request for FLOE-269
2015-02-12T20:44:52 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks, i'll take a look
2015-02-12T20:45:05 <cindyli> thanks
2015-02-12T20:49:48 <anastasiac> jhung, for the life of me, I can\xe2\x80\x99t figure out that moving text you commented on
2015-02-12T20:50:18 * kasparnet has quit
2015-02-12T20:50:21 <jhung> anastasiac: then let's not worry about it right now.
2015-02-12T20:50:39 <anastasiac> ok, jhung
2015-02-12T20:51:11 <jhung> merged anastasiac
2015-02-12T20:51:21 <anastasiac> yay! thanks, jhung
2015-02-12T20:58:20 <jhung> anastasiac: I've issued a pull req for FLOE-256
2015-02-12T20:58:37 <anastasiac> thanks, jhung!
2015-02-12T21:02:11 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-02-12T21:10:49 <Justin_o> cindyli: the FLOE-269 pull request is ready for another round of review
2015-02-12T21:11:08 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o. have a look now
2015-02-12T21:14:28 <anastasiac> jhung, FLOE-256 looks great! I\xe2\x80\x99ve added a couple of requests to the pull request
2015-02-12T21:14:37 * yzen joined the channel
2015-02-12T21:14:50 <jhung> ok anastasiac I'll take a look
2015-02-12T21:17:22 * yzen__ has quit
2015-02-12T21:22:45 <jhung> anastasiac: I added tabindex 1 and 2 to the TTS template and it didn
2015-02-12T21:22:51 <jhung> 't add it to the tab order.
2015-02-12T21:23:18 <anastasiac> odd
2015-02-12T21:25:42 <jhung> anastasiac: I'll leave it for now. I'll use the firebug / debugger to test the new hover/focus styles on the other panels.
2015-02-12T21:25:53 <anastasiac> k
2015-02-12T21:29:38 * cindyli has quit
"

b'2015-02-12T00:22:18 * avtar has quit
2015-02-12T04:13:28 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-02-12T07:53:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-02-12T08:13:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-02-12T08:28:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-02-12T09:45:41 * colinclark has quit
2015-02-12T11:15:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-02-12T11:45:56 * kasparnet has quit
2015-02-12T11:56:12 * colinclark has quit
2015-02-12T12:26:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-02-12T12:34:14 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-02-12T12:37:44 * jhung joined the channel
2015-02-12T12:55:19 * michelled joined the channel
2015-02-12T13:14:26 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-02-12T13:41:51 * anvk joined the channel
2015-02-12T13:56:19 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-02-12T14:10:32 <jhung> Justin_o, michelled: I\'m going to start working on the a11y sprint website. Should I go under Floe project and not Fluid?
2015-02-12T14:11:29 <jhung> also, for github repo: should I make the repo under idi?
2015-02-12T14:13:34 <michelled> jhung: what do you mean "go under"
2015-02-12T14:13:47 * Sepideh joined the channel
2015-02-12T14:14:34 <jhung> Sorry michelled. For jiras, use Floe project to file issues? For github repo, use IDI?
2015-02-12T14:15:13 <michelled> I would say yes, use floe project for JIRAs
2015-02-12T14:15:41 <michelled> but then I would say that you should put it under Fluid in github so it is kept with the floe project site.
2015-02-12T14:16:07 <colinclark> that makes sense
2015-02-12T14:16:49 <jhung> ok thanks michelled
2015-02-12T14:17:56 <michelled> jhung: has there been talk of what url the site should be at?
2015-02-12T14:18:24 <jhung> Not that I have heard michelled.
2015-02-12T14:18:25 <colinclark> does it make sense for the sprint site to just be part of the Floe site?
2015-02-12T14:18:30 <colinclark> a set of subpages?
2015-02-12T14:18:47 <colinclark> floeproject.org/oer-sprint-2015 or whatever
2015-02-12T14:18:47 <jhung> that certainly would make it easier colinclark.
2015-02-12T14:19:51 <michelled> makes sense to me
2015-02-12T14:20:32 <jhung> ok. I\'ll start putting my work there. It should be easy enough to move if it\'s going to be hosted on a different domain.
2015-02-12T14:21:29 * jessm joined the channel
2015-02-12T14:30:34 * yzen joined the channel
2015-02-12T14:49:24 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-02-12T14:55:01 * clown joined the channel
2015-02-12T14:56:15 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2015-02-12T15:10:20 * slim_jim joined the channel
2015-02-12T15:10:54 <slim_jim> how do I report issues with the FLOE video player? https://github.com/fluid-project/videoPlayer
2015-02-12T15:12:23 <colinclark> http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/VP
2015-02-12T15:12:40 <colinclark> slim_jim: It\'s got its own project in the Fluid issue tracker
2015-02-12T15:13:39 <slim_jim> colinclark: aah -need link on git hub as looked for issues there. Do they let you link to own tracker?
2015-02-12T15:14:04 <slim_jim> dam - another long in - I want OAUTH form git hub :)
2015-02-12T15:14:09 <slim_jim> *login
2015-02-12T15:15:10 <Justin_o> cindyli: i added the tooltip to the mute button
2015-02-12T15:15:24 <slim_jim> colinclark: ^^
2015-02-12T15:15:29 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-02-12T15:15:36 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o, will take a look soon
2015-02-12T15:15:43 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-02-12T15:15:46 <cindyli> np
2015-02-12T15:16:05 <colinclark> slim_jim: yeah, me too
2015-02-12T15:16:13 <colinclark> is there a Github auth plugin for JIRA and Confluence?
2015-02-12T15:16:41 <slim_jim> colinclark: that would be good for DSPACE too
2015-02-12T15:16:48 <colinclark> yeah exactly
2015-02-12T15:17:12 <colinclark> i was worried when Till mentioned identity management and stuff today, since it\'s usually a complex can of worms
2015-02-12T15:17:31 <slim_jim> yep, me too
2015-02-12T15:21:36 <slim_jim> colinclark: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/VP-330
2015-02-12T15:21:49 <slim_jim> Plus i cant edit to correct the title
2015-02-12T15:22:29 * michelled has quit
2015-02-12T15:23:31 <colinclark> try now, slim_jim
2015-02-12T15:23:39 <colinclark> i\'ve added you to the "developers" group in JIRA
2015-02-12T15:23:43 <colinclark> so you can edit and do cooler things
2015-02-12T15:23:55 <slim_jim> mmwwwwwaaaahhhhaaaahhhaaaaa
2015-02-12T15:23:56 <colinclark> i think it used to be the default, but then spam bots started closing JIRA issues
2015-02-12T15:24:52 <slim_jim> That worked - tvm colinclark
2015-02-12T15:25:25 <colinclark> cool
2015-02-12T15:25:28 <colinclark> sorry about that
2015-02-12T15:38:57 <anastasiac> danaayotte: http://172.16.2.83:8888/first-discovery/demos/
2015-02-12T15:40:07 <slim_jim> colinclark: so the video player supports UIO? Does that imply it supports a subset of a \'standard\' settings?
2015-02-12T15:40:42 <colinclark> yeah
2015-02-12T15:40:51 <colinclark> there is some work still to finish that linkage
2015-02-12T15:41:09 <colinclark> Bosmon is thinking about it
2015-02-12T15:41:17 <colinclark> but basically it can respond to UIO preferences
2015-02-12T15:41:21 <danaayotte> thanks anastasiac
2015-02-12T15:41:26 <colinclark> such as language, desire for captions, etc.
2015-02-12T15:42:24 <slim_jim> colinclark: Nice!
2015-02-12T15:42:42 <slim_jim> colinclark: so I\'m using this from FLOE http://handbook.floeproject.org/index.php?title=Video_content_and_learning
2015-02-12T15:42:49 <slim_jim> add that to the DSPACE metrics :)
2015-02-12T15:43:29 <colinclark> :)
2015-02-12T15:45:21 <anastasiac> good morning, jhung, what are you working on today?
2015-02-12T15:47:52 <jhung> I am starting on the a11y sprint website anastasiac
2015-02-12T15:48:43 <anastasiac> jhung, I\xe2\x80\x99d like to get the first discovery tool hover and focus styling done today; I was thinking you and I could split that work up.
2015-02-12T15:48:57 <anastasiac> http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-256
2015-02-12T15:49:21 <anastasiac> jhung, we\xe2\x80\x99re \xe2\x80\x9cdelivering\xe2\x80\x9d the tool to the funders tomorrow
2015-02-12T15:50:20 <jhung> anastasiac: ok. Give me a sec to take a look at the jira and design.
2015-02-12T15:50:44 <anastasiac> jhung, I\xe2\x80\x99m thinking one of us can take focus and the other can take hover. Which would you like? ;-)
2015-02-12T15:51:44 <colinclark> In what form will the "delivery" take, anastasiac?
2015-02-12T15:51:48 <colinclark> A report with a link in it?
2015-02-12T15:52:07 <jhung> anastasiac: I have a feeling it may be hard to split the work because they\'re so related. If you have something else you need to do for FD, I can take a look at hover / focus first.
2015-02-12T15:52:38 <anastasiac> colinclark, it will just be an email with a link to the nightly build, but that email will include information about what to do, what to expect to work, what not to expect, perhaps links to the designs and the roadmap
2015-02-12T15:52:39 * slim_jim joined the channel
2015-02-12T15:52:49 <colinclark> ah cool
2015-02-12T15:52:51 <anastasiac> it\xe2\x80\x99s not really a totally \xe2\x80\x9cformal\xe2\x80\x9d delivery
2015-02-12T15:52:53 <colinclark> nice and simple
2015-02-12T15:52:56 <anastasiac> yep
2015-02-12T15:53:19 <anastasiac> colinclark, I hear your talk went very well yesterday. Are you able to relax a bit now?
2015-02-12T15:53:48 <colinclark> it went quite well
2015-02-12T15:53:53 <colinclark> yesterday and today
2015-02-12T15:54:04 <colinclark> I presented the Prosperity4All architecture plan today
2015-02-12T15:54:09 <anastasiac> jhung, have a look at the designs. I think the hover and focus styling are actually different from each other
2015-02-12T15:54:25 <colinclark> slim_jim: How did you think it went, slim_jim?
2015-02-12T15:54:33 <colinclark> double ping, sorry
2015-02-12T15:55:00 <jhung> anastasiac: we can give this a try. I can take on Focus.
2015-02-12T15:55:09 <anastasiac> ok, jhung
2015-02-12T15:55:25 <slim_jim> colinclark: anastasiac yes well. I finally feel there is some communication / collaboration and some progress
2015-02-12T15:55:42 <anastasiac> jhung, feel free to make any necessary fixes to focus order while you\xe2\x80\x99re in there; it might not be quite right: https://docs.google.com/document/d/13yuw1ragr1HX2PNxFdir_bGsGO4cGHusVsU_mMESFto/edit#heading=h.n7z2jobew283
2015-02-12T15:55:53 <slim_jim> plus I\'m 90% suckered into using Infusion
2015-02-12T15:56:23 <anastasiac> slim_jim, colinclark can be very persuasive
2015-02-12T15:56:27 <colinclark> lol
2015-02-12T15:56:33 <colinclark> it wasn\'t me, man
2015-02-12T15:56:43 <colinclark> i just drew some lines on a whiteboard
2015-02-12T15:56:50 <colinclark> and circled some of the lines
2015-02-12T15:56:51 <slim_jim> colinclark:\'s talk was good but he\'s promised 2 more large chuncks of functionality so run for the hills
2015-02-12T15:56:59 <colinclark> ?!?!
2015-02-12T15:57:00 <colinclark> :)
2015-02-12T15:57:22 <colinclark> Justin_o: You\'re going to be slim_jim\'s new best friend
2015-02-12T15:57:26 <slim_jim> colinclark: kasparnet seem quite calm about the new work
2015-02-12T15:57:32 <colinclark> since you are our awesomest mentor, Justin_o
2015-02-12T15:57:38 <colinclark> yeah, he seemed very calm
2015-02-12T15:57:45 <colinclark> probably because he knows he\'s busy with Cloud4All
2015-02-12T15:57:51 <colinclark> and won\'t have to do any of it :)
2015-02-12T15:57:54 <slim_jim> hi Justin_o get set to put your mentor hat on next week
2015-02-12T15:58:06 <Justin_o> slim_jim: :) happy to
2015-02-12T15:58:09 <slim_jim> colinclark: kasparnet haha
2015-02-12T15:58:09 <colinclark> We\'ve got a lot of the low-level available in place for The Hub already
2015-02-12T15:58:19 <colinclark> but we need to make it all work together
2015-02-12T15:58:31 <colinclark> the quality architecture is going to be a lot of work, but i think we can introduce it slowly
2015-02-12T15:58:33 <kasparnet> yeah - but it seems relatively manageable
2015-02-12T15:58:37 * kasparnet says naiively
2015-02-12T15:58:37 <slim_jim> yes I figured that - tech transfer from C4A
2015-02-12T15:58:41 <colinclark> probably we need to start with some tutorials on writing unit tests and things like that
2015-02-12T15:59:03 <kasparnet> colinclark plus that all falls on amatas and avtar - so that\'s simple
2015-02-12T15:59:04 <kasparnet> :D
2015-02-12T15:59:05 <slim_jim> I wish they would stop talking. I can\'t concentrate on IRC
2015-02-12T15:59:06 <colinclark> and Bosmon and cindyli\'s ongoing work on the Change Applier
2015-02-12T15:59:33 <kasparnet> slim_jim: no shit -- who cares about the review
2015-02-12T15:59:40 <slim_jim> :)
2015-02-12T15:59:49 <slim_jim> it\'s only cash after all
2015-02-12T16:00:59 <anastasiac> jhung, could you also look at the tooltips while you\xe2\x80\x99re at it? a primary concern is to make sure the tooltip doesn\xe2\x80\x99t obscure the control underneath it - or alternatively to make sure that clicks would pass through (which they don\xe2\x80\x99t now)
2015-02-12T16:01:14 <anastasiac> jhung, I mean the styling of the tooltips
2015-02-12T16:02:23 <colinclark> Justin_o: slim_jim and I are going to try to hook up next week to do a guided Infusion hack session
2015-02-12T16:02:30 <colinclark> we\'ll try to build a simple app so he can see what it\'s like
2015-02-12T16:02:52 <Justin_o> colinclark: sounds like a great idea
2015-02-12T16:03:02 <colinclark> would you like to join us?
2015-02-12T16:03:21 <jhung> anastasiac: sure. I\'ll take a look at that too.
2015-02-12T16:03:51 <kasparnet> colinclark, slim_jim: I got a suggestion for the simple app you should build.. how about something like a hub, that users can listen to change events on and post change events to?
2015-02-12T16:03:59 <colinclark> lol
2015-02-12T16:04:05 <slim_jim> Justin_o: colinclark I thought simple forum. Add items via form, Show list, vote, resort list
2015-02-12T16:04:07 <slim_jim> heheh
'

