b'2015-06-02T20:12:30 <Bosmon> So what do you feel constitutes the bug then?
2015-06-02T20:13:25 <anastasiac> Bosmon: that\xe2\x80\x99s what I\xe2\x80\x99m not clear on \xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0where the bug is.
2015-06-02T20:13:32 * anvk has quit
2015-06-02T20:13:35 <anastasiac> it\xe2\x80\x99s either in the FD tool, in that it wasn\xe2\x80\x99t declaring the default locale
2015-06-02T20:14:03 <anastasiac> or in the framework, for not handling \xe2\x80\x9cen-US\xe2\x80\x9d as a possible default local
2015-06-02T20:14:10 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m not clear on how the language stuff works
2015-06-02T20:14:21 <anastasiac> so I can\xe2\x80\x99t judge it the latter is a reasonable expectation
2015-06-02T20:14:32 * maozillah has quit
2015-06-02T20:14:45 <anastasiac> your answer, Bosmon, might just be \xe2\x80\x9cno, the FD tool should declare its default locale\xe2\x80\x9d which would be fine
2015-06-02T20:15:08 <Bosmon> I think en-US in itself could be a default locale - but not at the same time as supporting fallback to that bundle from a language code of "en"
2015-06-02T20:15:18 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-06-02T20:16:14 <anastasiac> Bosmon, it sounds like you\xe2\x80\x99re saying it would not be reasonable to expect the framework to work its way through progressively less specific fallbacks, i.e. check \xe2\x80\x9cen-US\xe2\x80\x9d first, then \xe2\x80\x9cen\xe2\x80\x9d
2015-06-02T20:16:17 <anastasiac> which I would agree with
2015-06-02T20:16:49 <anastasiac> if that\xe2\x80\x99s the case, then it seems to me that the \xe2\x80\x9ccorrect\xe2\x80\x9d solution is for applications to declare a default locale if it wants something other than \xe2\x80\x9cen"
2015-06-02T20:16:57 <anastasiac> does it sound like I\xe2\x80\x99m understanding, Bosmon?
2015-06-02T20:17:10 <Bosmon> anastasiac - yes, the application must declare a default locale if it wants something other than "en"
2015-06-02T20:17:16 <anastasiac> perfect
2015-06-02T20:17:23 <anastasiac> thanks for double-checking my understanding, Bosmon
2015-06-02T20:17:44 <Bosmon> But yes, on the other hand, the framework does indeed support fallback from "en_US" (note underscore) to "en" and then to the default
2015-06-02T20:18:06 <Bosmon> Justin_o - have we reported the issue with JIRA?
2015-06-02T20:19:28 <anastasiac> cindyli: if the framework is working with underscores to separate country codes from region codes, should we change the FD tool string files to use that? or is the FD tool dependent on the dash?
2015-06-02T20:20:55 <Bosmon> anastasiac - our resource fallback rules should be identical to the ones described here: https://sites.google.com/site/openjdklocale/design-notes/resource-bundle-lookup-order
2015-06-02T20:21:48 <anastasiac> agree. cindyli, Justin_o: is there any reason we can\xe2\x80\x99t change the FD string files to use _en_US.json as extension instead of _en-US.json ?
2015-06-02T20:22:19 <Justin_o> anastasiac, Bosmon: it\'s because the same model value is used to set the lang attr
2015-06-02T20:22:30 <Justin_o> which requires the the "-"
2015-06-02T20:22:48 <anastasiac> Justin_o: can we not change the model values as well? does it actually require the dash?
2015-06-02T20:23:04 <Justin_o> anastasiac: that is what is used by the lookup
2015-06-02T20:23:19 <Justin_o> we probably need some model transformation somewhere
2015-06-02T20:24:05 <anastasiac> ah, Justin_o has just explained that when we set the lang attr on the HTML, it needs to be a dash
2015-06-02T20:24:20 <anastasiac> ok, for now, we stick with dash
2015-06-02T20:24:47 <Bosmon> anastasiac - it\'s rather easier to fix up our lang attr code than to fix up our resource fallback algorithm
2015-06-02T20:25:09 <Bosmon> But perhaps we don\'t need to demonstrate any fallback for the demo next week
2015-06-02T20:25:25 <anastasiac> right, Bosmon
2015-06-02T20:26:36 <anastasiac> Justin_o, cindyli, I have a one-line pull request: https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/81
2015-06-02T20:36:10 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-02T20:38:41 <cindyli> thanks, anastasiac
2015-06-02T20:41:33 * cindyli has quit
2015-06-02T20:48:38 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-02T20:58:34 * jhung has quit
2015-06-02T21:04:49 * Jess__ joined the channel
2015-06-02T21:06:57 * yzen has quit
2015-06-02T21:16:11 * maozillah has quit
2015-06-02T21:23:23 * gtirloni has quit
2015-06-02T22:01:18 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-06-02T22:17:48 * colinclark has quit
2015-06-02T22:21:32 * kasparnet has quit
2015-06-02T23:01:06 * sgithens______ joined the channel
'

b'2015-06-02T17:10:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there can\'t be a hover until the new markup arrives
2015-06-02T17:11:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - so a fix that appears to work is - to add a new listener on line 101 of first-discovery/src/js/panels.js
2015-06-02T17:11:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but if do this on afterRender, won\'t the new markup have already arived
2015-06-02T17:11:44 <Justin_o> or am i confused about the order of things there
2015-06-02T17:11:50 <Bosmon> Which reads:             "onRenderTree": "gpii.firstDiscovery.panel.obliterateTooltip",
2015-06-02T17:12:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there is a helpful "onRenderTree" event exposed by the renderer component infrastructure
2015-06-02T17:12:09 <Justin_o> oh, i didn\'t know about that
2015-06-02T17:12:12 <Justin_o> that\'s handy
2015-06-02T17:12:16 <Bosmon> Which is the last one that fires just before the last markup is destroyed
2015-06-02T17:12:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, that\'s super useful
2015-06-02T17:12:37 <Bosmon> Then inside "obliterateTooltip" you can put "        $("[id^=ui-tooltip]").remove();"
2015-06-02T17:13:12 <Bosmon> Yes, unfortunately the secret weapon wasn\'t as helpful as I expected, given unfortunately it doesn\'t reveal the cause of the problem
2015-06-02T17:13:24 <Bosmon> But it\'s good enough, I think, to get the tool working for the demo
2015-06-02T17:13:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, and that\'s really helpful in itself
2015-06-02T17:13:46 <Bosmon> What I believe at the moment is that there is no longer a bug either in the fluid Tooltip widget or the jQuery UI widget
2015-06-02T17:14:00 <Bosmon> But the bug is now in our rendering workflow for either the prefs framework or the FD tool itself
2015-06-02T17:14:31 <Bosmon> And I suspect that what changed since Saturday was that some subtle alteration was committed to that workflow
2015-06-02T17:15:23 <Bosmon> What\'s happening now is that both jQuery UI and the Fluid component are saying that there is no tooltip to close
2015-06-02T17:15:36 <Bosmon> Which as far as they know is correct, since the markup it was attached to is gone from the document
2015-06-02T17:17:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: did you try this out on the speechRate adjuster..
2015-06-02T17:17:51 <Justin_o> it didn\'t seem to be broken there, so wondering if your secret weapon might be useful to tease out the differences
2015-06-02T17:18:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I believe both of those panels are derived from the same panel base, the "ranged" adjuster
2015-06-02T17:18:55 <Bosmon> So the same code will now be executing for both of them
2015-06-02T17:19:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, they are
2015-06-02T17:19:33 <Bosmon> What I do notice is that the new "hover" does not appear on that panel until the mouse leaves and re-enters the button
2015-06-02T17:19:57 <Justin_o> but there is also a difference i\'m seeing where you can use the keyboard to repeatedly modify the adjuster, but the textSize you have to tab back to the button
2015-06-02T17:19:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2015-06-02T17:22:09 <Bosmon> Ok - Justin_o, ok, looking at these two panels, I have just realised something horrifying
2015-06-02T17:22:14 <Bosmon> Both of these buttons have exactly the same id
2015-06-02T17:22:18 <Justin_o> :(
2015-06-02T17:22:23 <Bosmon> They are both "#gpiic-fc-increase"
2015-06-02T17:22:28 <Bosmon> er fd
2015-06-02T17:22:30 <Justin_o> i thought i took that out
2015-06-02T17:22:32 <Bosmon> They are both "#gpiic-fd-increase"
2015-06-02T17:22:39 <Justin_o> the id is unecessary
2015-06-02T17:22:43 <Bosmon> I see
2015-06-02T17:22:48 <Bosmon> Well, this may well be related
2015-06-02T17:23:03 <Justin_o> i\'ll remove the id and name attributes
2015-06-02T17:23:12 <Justin_o> from the buttons
2015-06-02T17:23:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-06-02T17:24:46 <Bosmon> What\'s interesting is that a jQuery query for the element only returns one of them, the currently visible one
2015-06-02T17:25:13 <Bosmon> Although perhaps this really is the real underlying problem - that as soon as we create a fresh one with the same id, the browser unlinks the old one from the document
2015-06-02T17:25:28 <Bosmon> This would account for us seeing two instances of the DOM node going by
2015-06-02T17:26:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think this was it.. i removed the ids and the obliteration call and the tooltip is removed.
2015-06-02T17:26:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, that\'s good
2015-06-02T17:26:14 <Justin_o> the button activation with keyboard is different though
2015-06-02T17:26:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i guess i either forgot to commit the id removal or else it was merged back in by accident :(
2015-06-02T17:27:01 <Bosmon> I guess this has to count as the hardest class of issue to debug of all time
2015-06-02T17:27:25 <Bosmon> But the browser, I imagine, is entitled to do absolutely anything it likes on creation of two nodes with the same ID
2015-06-02T17:27:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes.. i guess so.. it would be good if we got some sort of error for it though
2015-06-02T17:29:18 * colinclark has quit
2015-06-02T17:29:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for your help tracking this down
2015-06-02T17:30:08 <Justin_o> cindyli: FLOE-361 is ready for review now
2015-06-02T17:30:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no problem
2015-06-02T17:31:21 <Justin_o> danayo: do you have some time to chat about the tooltip placement.. I\'ll need to share my screen with you
2015-06-02T17:32:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I guess that part of the issue is that the increase and decrease buttons are not actually using the renderer
2015-06-02T17:32:57 <Bosmon> If they were, the renderer would have made efforts to ensure that the ids were unique
2015-06-02T17:33:14 <Bosmon> I guess when we write the "new renderer" we should ensure that it handles this situation
2015-06-02T17:33:16 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-06-02T17:33:44 <Bosmon> And should uniquify ALL ids that pass through its hands, not just for nodes that have matching renderer components
2015-06-02T17:34:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: makes sense, but we\'ll need to make sure that we can still use them for references e.g. for labels and aria attributes
2015-06-02T17:34:39 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, it already takes care of that aspect when it does rewrite an id
2015-06-02T17:34:59 <Bosmon> But the current impl only bothers to rewrite an id if it thinks it is responsible for rendering a component
2015-06-02T17:35:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, so it\'s just a matter or extending the machinery
2015-06-02T17:35:48 <Justin_o> to cover more cases
2015-06-02T17:44:47 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I wrote this up as http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5674
2015-06-02T17:45:58 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-06-02T17:47:01 * gtirloni has quit
2015-06-02T17:48:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for that
2015-06-02T17:53:05 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-02T17:58:29 <Jess_> Bosmon: can we connect in Skype?
2015-06-02T18:01:58 * michelled1 joined the channel
2015-06-02T18:03:04 * michelled2 joined the channel
2015-06-02T18:06:43 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-02T18:20:15 <sepideh> danayo: do you think it\xe2\x80\x99s necessary to show all the panels for sticky keys preferences?
2015-06-02T18:21:22 <sepideh> Since the navigation is more important I was thinking maybe the presenter can just press next then we can skip a lot of trouble for definig interactio for Sticky Keys panels. thoughs?
2015-06-02T18:24:23 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review my FLOE-327 pull request as well https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/80
2015-06-02T18:24:30 <Justin_o> FLOE-361 needs to go in first though
2015-06-02T18:25:30 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o
2015-06-02T18:25:32 <danayo> sepideh, I think that sounds reasonable. so you mean for the senior\'s intake flow they\'ll go straight from first sticky keys panel to confirmation panel?
2015-06-02T18:26:13 <danayo> the other thing we could do is just make the next / back buttons functional for those panels and not worry about the rest
2015-06-02T18:26:22 <danayo> sepideh ^
2015-06-02T18:26:49 <sepideh> that\xe2\x80\x99s what I was thinking
2015-06-02T18:27:25 <sepideh> Since they have only 15 min to present 3 settings, I think the most reasonable approach is to make only back and next functional
2015-06-02T18:29:40 <danayo> sounds good sepideh. also, i think i\'ve figured out how to use inDesign so we can split up some of that work if that would help?
2015-06-02T18:30:51 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-06-02T18:31:03 <sepideh> Awesome! I am building the panels in Inesign now. I should be done with the panels before I leave today. And then we can start making them interactive tomorrow
2015-06-02T18:31:05 <sepideh> :)
2015-06-02T18:35:34 * avtar has quit
2015-06-02T18:41:24 <danayo> how do you mean you are building them, sepideh? can we not copy and paste panels right into InDesign?
2015-06-02T18:42:27 <sepideh> Just copy and pasting elements from Illustrator to Indesign. Then we can make interactive buttons. And also I\xe2\x80\x99m replacing the icons on the progress bar with the new icons
2015-06-02T18:43:21 <sepideh> the only problem is pasting text. when you paste text it treats it as an image. so we have to define text boxes and copy paste into that text box.
2015-06-02T18:43:46 <sepideh> I\xe2\x80\x99m almost done with the first two branches and
2015-06-02T18:45:56 <danayo> ok great. I tried just copying a full panel into InDesign and it seems ok - why does it matter if the text is am image for the interactive pdf\'s?
2015-06-02T18:47:16 <danayo> sepideh ^
2015-06-02T18:47:48 <sepideh> it looks a bit pixelated and may not turn out sharp on the desktp view.
2015-06-02T18:48:34 <danayo> ah. ok sepideh
2015-06-02T18:48:37 <sepideh> I have saved the file on drop box, I\xe2\x80\x99m still working on it, but you can have a look.
2015-06-02T18:48:43 <sepideh> https://www.dropbox.com/s/bgdvcqq4olwc40l/PGA%20Workshop%20FD%20Tool%20Mockup.indd?dl=0
2015-06-02T18:49:25 <danayo> cool. thanks sepideh. this is exciting
2015-06-02T18:49:33 <sepideh> :)
2015-06-02T18:58:45 * avtar joined the channel
2015-06-02T18:59:59 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-02T19:06:48 * danayo has quit
2015-06-02T19:07:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: wonder if you have time to help out with some stuff for FD Tool?
2015-06-02T19:07:42 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-02T19:11:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - not precisely, involved in the interviewing at present
2015-06-02T19:11:51 <Bosmon> What kind of stuff is there?
2015-06-02T19:12:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: code reviews and unit tests.. i\'m thinking that the code review might be easier to do when you have spare moments..
2015-06-02T19:12:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: if you have time, could you look at my pull requests https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pulls
2015-06-02T19:13:21 <Justin_o> FLOE-365 still needs more work, so no need to look at that one right now
2015-06-02T19:23:37 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o - your pulls look good, only https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/77 seems to have no tests - but I guess this is a more systemic kind of issue
2015-06-02T19:23:54 <Bosmon> What we need to construct as part of our "resolving technical debt" is a mock implementation of your TTS enactor
2015-06-02T19:24:19 <Bosmon> So it\'s fine for this to go in so long as we make a JIRA for that and refer to it here
2015-06-02T19:25:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: when you say refer to it here, what do you mean? Would you like a comment in the code somewhere.. or you mean to track it on the iteration page
2015-06-02T19:25:26 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I mean to add a comment to that impl referring to the JIRA that we will make, yes
2015-06-02T19:25:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay
2015-06-02T19:26:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we do have some test for the selfVoicing
2015-06-02T19:26:17 <Justin_o> i could try to follow that pattern to write a test
2015-06-02T19:30:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - those are a bit cumbersome, I think we wouldn\'t want to have one in that style everywhere where we are trying to test speech output
2015-06-02T19:31:11 <Bosmon> We need to construct a mock implementation that assembles a linear "transcript" of all the things it tried to speak (or was cancelled from speaking) so we can just verify against that with a single jqUnit.assertDeepEq
2015-06-02T19:32:00 <Bosmon> The tests you\'ve got there (for TextToSpeechTests.js) are fine for what they test, which is that a particular concrete impl works at all
2015-06-02T19:32:15 <Bosmon> But we need something that assists us to write integration tests against TTS in particular contexts
2015-06-02T19:32:24 <Bosmon> Which is what your pull 77 could have used
2015-06-02T19:33:04 <anastasiac> simonjb: michelled just showed me the bug you found. I\xe2\x80\x99m filing a jira and investigating
2015-06-02T19:36:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sort of like an enhanced version of what this is doing https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/blob/master/tests/js/keyboardInputTests.js#L631-L636
2015-06-02T19:37:13 <Bosmon> Justin_o - like that, yes, only it would replace the actual concrete implementation rather than just listen to it
2015-06-02T19:37:25 <Bosmon> So that we could run these integration tests on browsers other than ones where TTS was supported
2015-06-02T19:38:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that makes sense
2015-06-02T19:38:54 <Justin_o> i\'m attempting to write a jira now, although there seems to be something wrong with Jira at the moment
2015-06-02T19:49:55 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-02T19:58:32 <anastasiac> simonjb, cindyli, michelled: I think I\xe2\x80\x99ve discovered the root of our language oddness: Our english files were renamed to add the \xe2\x80\x9c_en-US\xe2\x80\x9d extension, but it looks like the build site still has the un-extended files in place as well as the new ones. The fact that our local dev instances (where we don\xe2\x80\x99t have the old files) fail indicates that there\xe2\x80\x99s a bug in the language fall-back code
2015-06-02T19:59:02 <simonjb> thanks for investigating anastasiac
2015-06-02T19:59:55 <anastasiac> not sure what the fix is i.e. why did out build site deploy not clean up the files that aren\xe2\x80\x99t in github anymore. That might be a gtirloni question?
2015-06-02T20:00:44 <anastasiac> when the build site is fixed so that the errant files aren\xe2\x80\x99t there anymore, the one missing tooltip will be fixed, but then the build site will exhibit the problem we all see on our local machines, which is a bit more serious
2015-06-02T20:01:09 <Bosmon> anastasiac - our language fallback code expects to use multiple underscores, e.g. _en_US, rather than a hyphen as in _en-US
2015-06-02T20:01:45 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-02T20:01:49 * michelled has quit
2015-06-02T20:02:14 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-02T20:06:37 <anastasiac> cindyli: Bosmon\xe2\x80\x99s comment is a bit different than our converstion\xe2\x80\xa6 ^
2015-06-02T20:09:20 <cindyli> Bosmon, anastasiac, ideally, we should use underscores, but in the first discovery environment, dashes should be fine because we are not falling back to _en, the entire language code en-US will be stripped out when matching up for another language code
2015-06-02T20:10:22 * maozillah has left the channel
2015-06-02T20:10:34 <anastasiac> cindyli, Bosmon: the problem in the FD tool is that we don\xe2\x80\x99t have any version of the bundles with the entire code stripped out i.e. we don\xe2\x80\x99t have \xe2\x80\x9clang.json\xe2\x80\x9d only \xe2\x80\x9clang_en-US.json\xe2\x80\x9d
2015-06-02T20:10:46 <Bosmon> anastasiac - ok
2015-06-02T20:10:49 <anastasiac> setting the defaultLocale in the FD tool addresses the problems
2015-06-02T20:10:59 <anastasiac> but I\xe2\x80\x99m not sure that\xe2\x80\x99s the \xe2\x80\x9ccorrect\xe2\x80\x9d solution
2015-06-02T20:11:04 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-06-02T20:11:54 <Bosmon> anastasiac - would you prefer to have localisable files in our deployment image that don\'t indicate what language they are in?
2015-06-02T20:12:16 <anastasiac> not in particular, Bosmon, we kind of like having the language codes to make it clear what\xe2\x80\x99s what
2015-06-02T20:12:23 <Bosmon> cool
'

b'2015-06-02T00:05:40 * danayo joined the channel
2015-06-02T01:38:13 * sgithens______ joined the channel
2015-06-02T02:46:19 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-02T02:46:26 * colinclark has quit
2015-06-02T06:05:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-02T06:10:18 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-02T07:44:32 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-06-02T08:53:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-06-02T10:05:10 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-06-02T12:00:07 * jhung joined the channel
2015-06-02T12:05:38 * jhung joined the channel
2015-06-02T12:11:42 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-06-02T12:30:54 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-02T12:49:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-02T12:57:20 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-06-02T13:09:29 * anvk joined the channel
2015-06-02T13:13:51 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-02T13:27:23 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-06-02T13:29:25 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-06-02T13:29:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-06-02T13:34:23 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-06-02T13:50:42 <jhung> cindyli: I\'m looking at your FLOE-359 branch now.
2015-06-02T13:55:04 <cindyli> thanks, jhung
2015-06-02T13:56:28 * clown joined the channel
2015-06-02T14:00:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-06-02T14:04:03 * murilo_crivellar joined the channel
2015-06-02T14:14:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-02T14:16:31 <jhung> cindyli: I have a fix for the spacer issue. Should I submit a pull req to your branch or should I do it directly to master?
2015-06-02T14:17:18 <cindyli> jhung: u can do it directly to the master
2015-06-02T14:17:29 <cindyli> thanks for fixing that
2015-06-02T14:17:33 <jhung> np.
2015-06-02T14:27:55 <jhung> cindyli: is there a reason for having the Welcome and Congratulations items in the nav bar? Can we remove these?
2015-06-02T14:29:24 <cindyli> jhung: we can potentially remove congrats icon since it\'s the last icon. but we do need to keep the welcome icon which is a place holder to maintain the icon position to match up with the panel number
2015-06-02T14:29:46 * sepideh has quit
2015-06-02T14:30:03 <cindyli> jhung: also, if we can, i think it\'s better to keep congrats icon too. it implies a panel to be mapped on
2015-06-02T14:30:15 <jhung> ok.
2015-06-02T14:34:08 <Justin_o> cindyli: when you have time, could you please review my FLOE-363 pull request? https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/77
2015-06-02T14:34:20 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2015-06-02T14:34:25 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-06-02T14:34:30 <cindyli> i owe you so many reviews, Justin_o
2015-06-02T14:35:03 <Justin_o> :)
2015-06-02T14:35:13 <Justin_o> it\'s only 2
2015-06-02T14:36:46 <cindyli> Bosmon: it seems i cannot use distributeOptions to override a namespaced model listener. The distributed listener is added rather than replacing
2015-06-02T14:42:35 <Bosmon> cindyli - namespaces are not supported for modelListeners in the current implementation
2015-06-02T14:42:42 * yzen joined the channel
2015-06-02T14:42:48 <cindyli> ok, Bosmon
2015-06-02T14:43:00 <cindyli> i can work around it anyway
2015-06-02T14:45:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :( i was doing some more testing and I think that FLUID-5673 might still be an issue in chrome. Although it is working fine in Safari.
2015-06-02T14:45:30 <Justin_o> I\'ll double check that it isn\'t a cache issue
2015-06-02T14:48:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: now it is only happening for one of the +/- adjusters.. the one that changes text size
2015-06-02T14:48:12 <Justin_o> the other one is okay though
2015-06-02T14:49:26 <jhung> cindyli: do you have time to chat?
2015-06-02T14:49:52 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I only see one such adjuster
2015-06-02T14:49:52 <cindyli> yes, jhung
2015-06-02T14:49:57 <Bosmon> and the text size one is the one I tested with
2015-06-02T14:50:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: did you turn voice off?
2015-06-02T14:50:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2015-06-02T14:50:15 <Justin_o> you don\'t get the speech rate if the voice is off
2015-06-02T14:50:17 <Bosmon> I see
2015-06-02T14:50:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: can you try my FLOE-361 branch with chrome
2015-06-02T14:50:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok
2015-06-02T14:50:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2015-06-02T14:51:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, it\'s not working in safari either, maybe i missed committing something
2015-06-02T14:51:45 <jhung> give me a sec cindyli. Vidyo in Windows crashing. :(
2015-06-02T14:51:55 <cindyli> sure
2015-06-02T14:52:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, I see your branch as broken
2015-06-02T14:52:29 * avtar joined the channel
2015-06-02T14:52:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for checking.. i was sure this was working yesterday :(
2015-06-02T14:53:28 <Justin_o> or maybe i just tested with the speech rate yesterday
2015-06-02T14:53:58 <Bosmon> Well, the last time I tested this function, the size enactor wasn\'t actually doing anything
2015-06-02T14:54:07 <Bosmon> it worked on Sunday when I committed against that version
2015-06-02T14:54:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s strange, the size enactor should have been working for a while
2015-06-02T14:55:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. so maybe still something to do with the rendering then
2015-06-02T14:55:10 <Justin_o> or the enacting
2015-06-02T14:55:56 <Bosmon> Justin_o - maybe, yes
2015-06-02T14:55:59 <Bosmon> Let me look at this a bit
2015-06-02T14:56:12 <Bosmon> I have a SECRET WEAPPON I developed against such a problem on Saturday
2015-06-02T14:56:14 <Bosmon> That may help here : P
2015-06-02T14:56:25 <Bosmon> So I noticed in my testing over the weekend that the rendering behaviour of the component is pretty bizarre
2015-06-02T14:56:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: secret weapon :)
2015-06-02T14:56:35 <Bosmon> in that it rerenders all kinds of things that it shouldn\'t
2015-06-02T14:57:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it pretty much re-renders everything right now when something in the preferences model changes
2015-06-02T14:57:10 <Bosmon> This confused me for a long while since I was sure that it was destroying a tooltip component that it wasn\'t
2015-06-02T14:57:21 <Justin_o> i think this is historically for the enactors, but not really necessary for this tool i don\'t think
2015-06-02T14:57:25 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok
2015-06-02T14:57:38 <Bosmon> So for example I would find it doing things like closing tooltips for the prev/next buttons as well
2015-06-02T14:58:27 <Justin_o> right, so even in cases where those tooltips are already closed?
2015-06-02T15:00:12 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-02T15:14:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i wonder if it has to do with the fact that you are still hovering over the button when you click it and it re-renders
2015-06-02T15:14:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that has always been the case
2015-06-02T15:14:41 <Bosmon> And it is the case for the other button too
2015-06-02T15:15:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  :( I\'m out of theories
2015-06-02T15:23:37 <cindyli> Justin_o: can you review my pull request for adding the voting demo - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/78
2015-06-02T15:26:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: sure
2015-06-02T15:26:52 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-06-02T15:29:05 <avtar> fluid-everyone: anyone who is remote today could you please join this room for standup? https://conf.inclusivedesign.ca/flex.html?roomdirect.html&key=rkSs1zg5mxxnMMcppnBLaWAl2o
2015-06-02T15:33:04 * michelled joined the channel
2015-06-02T15:35:45 <jhung> cindyli: I submitted a pull req for that whitespace issue. Do you want to review it? https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/79
2015-06-02T15:38:29 <jhung> also cindyli I am starting on FLOE-367 (voting booth styling). I\'m merging in your FLOE-365 branch to start.
2015-06-02T15:48:35 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-06-02T16:15:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - getting a little closer to the problem
2015-06-02T16:15:53 <Bosmon> It appears that something has removed and replaced the markup for the buttons BEFORE the panel has re-rendered
2015-06-02T16:16:08 <Bosmon> And so the $.data() element for the tooltip id is missing and so it leaks
2015-06-02T16:16:58 <Bosmon> The button which receives the click event is actually a different button to the one which receives the hover event
2015-06-02T16:17:00 <Bosmon> Which is pretty appalling
2015-06-02T16:44:01 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-06-02T16:46:28 <cindyli> sorry, jhung, just saw ur message. yes. i will review #79
2015-06-02T16:47:15 <Bosmon> cindyli, Justin_o - there seems to be some serious problem with the FD tool rendering
2015-06-02T16:47:27 <cindyli> what\'s about, Bosmon
2015-06-02T16:47:31 <Bosmon> As far as I can see, it is re-rendering at least twice for every model change
2015-06-02T16:47:48 <Bosmon> And the tooltip problem is caused by the fact that the tooltip widget is bound to the instance of the markup which is destroyed
2015-06-02T16:47:55 <Jess_> fluid-everyone: that was pretty cool having standup in the new room. here\xe2\x80\x99s the google doc I mentioned where we\xe2\x80\x99ll be keeping our punch list of issues or notables. Help me fill it in during this \xe2\x80\x9cburn-in\xe2\x80\x9d period and we\xe2\x80\x99ll get things fixed https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1j2ZM1oTya5pYGCeEpmyoA8AWt-wrco8-xSTgqMArqmg/edit#gid=0
2015-06-02T16:48:07 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-06-02T16:49:24 <cindyli> ah ha, jhung, u can file ur windows crashing issue in this doc
2015-06-02T16:49:51 <cindyli> Bosmon: playing with the tool on the double rendering...
2015-06-02T16:51:49 <Bosmon> cindyli - unfortunately it\'s very hard to tell what is going on, and we have only very crude tools : P
2015-06-02T16:51:50 <Bosmon> http://pastie.org/10219611
2015-06-02T16:51:55 <Bosmon> Here is a little utility I am using
2015-06-02T16:52:12 <Bosmon> From time to time you can call         gpii.diagnoseTarget($("#gpiic-fd-increase"));
2015-06-02T16:52:28 <Bosmon> And you will see that the "count" associate with the increase size button goes up by TWO every time there is a model change
2015-06-02T16:52:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: just catching up.. so you\'re saying that when we click a button, there we re-render twice. where does the hover and click event happen to the components?
2015-06-02T16:52:44 <Bosmon> And you will see the tooltip bound to one instance, whilst the other one is the one in the live document
2015-06-02T16:53:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: shouldn\'t the destroy be happening for each of those tooltips though.. when we re-render
2015-06-02T16:53:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it should
2015-06-02T16:53:45 <Bosmon> But bizarrely, I\'m not convinced that one lot of markup replacement is actually due to a re-render
2015-06-02T16:54:56 <Bosmon> ah
2015-06-02T16:57:01 <Bosmon> So, for example, when clicking on the "increase size" button, I see two panels rerender
2015-06-02T16:57:12 <Bosmon> The first one is the speechRate panel
2015-06-02T16:57:23 <Bosmon> And the second one is the size panel, the one which should re-render
2015-06-02T16:57:52 <Justin_o> is it because they share the same base grade?
2015-06-02T16:58:03 <Justin_o> those are the only two panels that you see rerendering?
2015-06-02T16:59:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2015-06-02T16:59:21 <Bosmon> Ah wait
2015-06-02T16:59:26 <Bosmon> I\'m only tracking the "ranged" panels
2015-06-02T16:59:33 <Bosmon> So ok, I guess in truth they are all re-rendering
2015-06-02T17:00:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, i think that\'s expected, maybe we can get rid of that though
2015-06-02T17:00:47 <Bosmon> So yes, although the panel only re-renders once, I see two distinct instances of the button\'s DOM nodes going by.....
2015-06-02T17:01:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we do update the disabled prop on them, but that should cause rerendering.
2015-06-02T17:02:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s the only other DOM manipulation i can think of
2015-06-02T17:04:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - since we are probably running out of time on this, I suggest putting in a hack that just manually clears out all tooltips from the DOM after a render
2015-06-02T17:06:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you mean look for anything that starts with the "ui-tooltip.." class and call hide on it?
2015-06-02T17:06:36 <Bosmon> remove, in fact, yes
2015-06-02T17:07:03 <Bosmon> Since the genuine owner element has been taken out of the document long ago, there is no risk that the widget code will ever try to interact with it again
2015-06-02T17:08:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and that wouldn\'t cause a problem for other tooltips on the page?
2015-06-02T17:08:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no such tooltips should be showing at the moment we re-render
2015-06-02T17:08:48 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-06-02T17:10:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i\'ll give that a try
2015-06-02T17:10:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - having done this, I can confirm it works : P
2015-06-02T17:10:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: won\'t you lose the new hover tooltip though
2015-06-02T17:10:27 * danayo joined the channel
'

