b'2015-05-25T20:55:14 * sepideh has left the channel
2015-05-25T21:10:35 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o - I added a suggestion to the http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-339 JIRA
2015-05-25T21:50:08 * gtirloni has quit
2015-05-25T21:59:39 * simonjb has quit
2015-05-25T22:23:09 * michelled has quit
2015-05-25T22:35:31 * avtar has quit
2015-05-25T22:45:27 * avtar joined the channel
2015-05-25T23:07:55 * murilo_crivellar has quit
'

b'2015-05-25T09:28:40 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-25T09:29:10 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-25T09:36:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-25T11:21:21 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-25T11:54:23 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-25T12:14:30 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-25T12:19:49 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-25T12:25:07 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-05-25T12:49:02 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-25T12:49:41 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-25T12:54:23 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-05-25T12:59:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-25T13:04:24 <cindyli> Justin_o: can you review my pull request for FLOE-345 - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/58
2015-05-25T13:05:09 <Justin_o> cindyli: sure
2015-05-25T13:05:14 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-05-25T13:05:34 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-05-25T13:15:07 * jessm joined the channel
2015-05-25T13:17:46 <Justin_o> cindyli, Bosmon: i\'m looking at the pull request for FLOE-345. Can modelRelays be merged? There are two components that have the same modelRelay except for the source
2015-05-25T13:17:54 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-25T13:18:08 <Justin_o> sorry, target, not source
2015-05-25T13:18:17 * simonjb has quit
2015-05-25T13:20:04 * anvk joined the channel
2015-05-25T13:20:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - they don\'t merge, since they don\'t have namespaces currently
2015-05-25T13:20:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, thanks
2015-05-25T13:20:51 <Bosmon> They only add through the hierarchy
2015-05-25T13:22:44 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-25T13:25:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, is that something that will change later or will it always be like that?
2015-05-25T13:26:52 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I can\'t forsee it changing soon
2015-05-25T13:27:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay
2015-05-25T13:27:03 <Bosmon> Perhaps you have the option to rename the target field, so you can reuse the definition
2015-05-25T13:27:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) that\'s what i just suggested
2015-05-25T13:27:24 <Bosmon> cool
2015-05-25T13:38:29 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-25T13:54:48 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-25T14:10:29 * murilo_crivellar joined the channel
2015-05-25T14:10:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-25T14:19:40 <Justin_o> cindyli: this better :)
2015-05-25T14:20:02 <cindyli> :)
2015-05-25T14:28:03 <cindyli> Justin_o: ur pull request for FLUID-5670 is merged
2015-05-25T14:28:36 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-05-25T14:28:45 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-05-25T14:28:53 <cindyli> np
2015-05-25T14:32:31 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'ve updated the FLOE-347 pull request
2015-05-25T14:32:46 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o. taking a look now
2015-05-25T14:32:53 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-05-25T14:34:36 * jhung joined the channel
2015-05-25T14:41:30 <cindyli> Justin_o: ur pull request for FLOE-347 is merged
2015-05-25T14:43:44 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-05-25T14:43:59 <cindyli> np
2015-05-25T14:57:50 <Justin_o> simonjb, cindyli, murilo_crivellar: would you like to meet at the back for the FLOE meeting?
2015-05-25T14:58:17 <michelled> anastasiac, jhung: let\'s meet them in the vidyo standup room
2015-05-25T14:58:26 <cindyli> sure
2015-05-25T14:58:30 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^ sorry, forgot you aren\'t here
2015-05-25T14:58:44 <michelled> Bosmon: if you are interested, we will be talking about the first discovery tool
2015-05-25T14:59:39 <cindyli> Justin_o: would love to meet at the back. however \xe2\x80\xa6 see u in the vidyo :)
2015-05-25T14:59:46 <Justin_o> :)
2015-05-25T15:05:36 <michelled> Bosmon: this is the page: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Floe+Iteration+Plan
2015-05-25T15:38:30 <michelled> jhung: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/sat32qxs3iwarvn/AAAN30Z1CaTJVzClx6ZP7kpTa?dl=0
2015-05-25T15:38:57 <michelled> also, I don\'t see you in the fluid-design channel
2015-05-25T15:57:38 * anastasiac has quit
2015-05-25T15:58:31 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-25T15:59:41 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2015-05-25T16:02:03 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2015-05-25T16:17:41 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-25T16:18:33 <Justin_o> michelled, anastasiac: I forgot to mention at the FLOE meeting that the reset keyboard shortcut probably won\'t work on mobile
2015-05-25T16:18:48 <Justin_o> the reason is that i don\'t think you can bring up the keyboard without an input field
2015-05-25T16:42:17 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2015-05-25T16:42:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please take a look at my FLOE-318 pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/59
2015-05-25T16:42:40 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2015-05-25T16:42:55 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-05-25T16:42:59 <cindyli> np
2015-05-25T16:45:28 * avtar joined the channel
2015-05-25T16:48:57 <simonjb> Bosmon, cindyli: when would be a good time to chat about language panel scrolling?
2015-05-25T16:49:20 <Bosmon> About half an hour?
2015-05-25T16:49:27 <cindyli> fine with me
2015-05-25T16:49:40 <simonjb> Bosmon, cindyli: ok, we\'re on
2015-05-25T16:50:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i got an e-mail from github about a comment you left on FLOE-299 recently. But i can\'t seem to find it on the site. Could you provide me with some details on what it was about
2015-05-25T16:52:05 <Justin_o> cindyli: how close are you to being done FLOE-316, should I pick up FLOE-319 or something else?
2015-05-25T16:53:24 <cindyli> Justin_o: very close, fixing tests. yes, u can pick up FLOE-319 and we can figure out something else for me to do once i\'m done with 316
2015-05-25T16:53:41 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, thanks
2015-05-25T16:53:51 <cindyli> np
2015-05-25T16:58:47 <cindyli> Justin_o: can u review my pull request for FLOE-316 - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/60
2015-05-25T16:58:57 <Justin_o> cindyli: sure
2015-05-25T16:59:03 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-05-25T17:01:01 * colinclark_ has quit
2015-05-25T17:01:05 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-25T17:01:27 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-25T17:06:09 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2015-05-25T17:07:42 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-25T17:15:57 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-05-25T17:19:10 * colinclark has quit
2015-05-25T17:20:42 * michelled has quit
2015-05-25T17:20:59 <simonjb> Bosmon, cindyli: good to chat?
2015-05-25T17:21:10 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-25T17:21:19 * michelled has quit
2015-05-25T17:21:24 <cindyli> yes
2015-05-25T17:32:58 <Bosmon> simonjb - sure
2015-05-25T17:33:05 <Bosmon> Apparently your room is .... "locked"....
2015-05-25T17:33:24 <simonjb> try again :)
2015-05-25T17:33:37 <simonjb> cindyli: let\'s meet in my room on Vidyo
2015-05-25T17:33:50 <cindyli> ko
2015-05-25T17:33:52 <cindyli> ok
2015-05-25T17:34:20 <simonjb> Bosmon ^
2015-05-25T18:11:01 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-25T18:12:28 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-05-25T18:14:14 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-25T18:23:16 <Justin_o> cindyli: what do you think if we use the same icon for all the placeholders?
2015-05-25T18:23:17 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-25T18:23:51 <cindyli> good idea, Justin_o, so we can easily know which ones to replace when new icons arrive
2015-05-25T18:24:04 <cindyli> no soccer today, Justin_o
2015-05-25T18:24:13 <Justin_o> cindyli: just got back from soccer
2015-05-25T18:24:20 <cindyli> ok. how was it
2015-05-25T18:24:37 <Justin_o> cindyli: pretty good, lots of running as usual :)
2015-05-25T18:24:52 <cindyli> good for u ;)
2015-05-25T18:27:59 <Justin_o> cindyli: merged your FLOE-316 pull request
2015-05-25T18:28:12 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2015-05-25T18:40:58 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-25T19:00:32 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review my pull request for FLOE-319 https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/61
2015-05-25T19:00:58 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2015-05-25T19:01:02 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-05-25T19:01:05 <cindyli> np
2015-05-25T19:02:42 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-25T19:13:16 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-25T19:31:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  wondering if you might have some thoughts on this. http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-339
2015-05-25T19:32:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m thinking of firing an event for the specific case where the "shift" is pressed a second time to "unlatch" the sticky keys. However, I\'m not really sure what to call the event.
2015-05-25T19:32:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you have any suggestions for the name, and do you think this approach is appropriate
2015-05-25T19:32:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - wouldn\'t you want to simply have a model field representing whether the sticky keys are latched?
2015-05-25T19:32:57 * avtar has quit
2015-05-25T19:33:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: there is one, but the unlatching also occurs after entry
2015-05-25T19:33:16 <Bosmon> don\'t understand
2015-05-25T19:33:19 <Justin_o> for example shift 5 outputs %
2015-05-25T19:33:40 <Justin_o> which unlatches, so you\'d have to hit shift again to get the shifted action
2015-05-25T19:33:44 <Bosmon> I see
2015-05-25T19:33:56 <Justin_o> but if you press shift shift, there is no shifted action
2015-05-25T19:34:11 <Justin_o> we only want to announce the shift is off when you press shift twice in a row
2015-05-25T19:38:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: does it make sense to use an event?
2015-05-25T19:38:40 <Justin_o> and if so, any thoughts on the name..
2015-05-25T19:39:08 <Justin_o> i\'m currently leaning to "userRequestedUnlatch"
2015-05-25T19:52:00 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-05-25T19:55:56 <anastasiac> simonjb, regarding the sticky keys panels in the FD tool: when I mis-type the % and the new instructions come up with the \xe2\x80\x98try it\xe2\x80\x99 button, should I expect the TTS to read the new instructions? or is that not yet implemented?
2015-05-25T19:59:32 * avtar joined the channel
2015-05-25T20:02:56 <simonjb> anastasiac: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-337
2015-05-25T20:03:24 <anastasiac> thanks, simonjb
2015-05-25T20:13:30 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-25T20:17:17 * yzen_ joined the channel
2015-05-25T20:28:14 * jessm has quit
2015-05-25T20:35:45 * anastasiac has quit
2015-05-25T20:36:24 * jhung has quit
2015-05-25T20:39:33 * jhernandez has quit
2015-05-25T20:39:57 * anvk has quit
'

