b'2015-11-30T22:38:24 <Bosmon> colinclark - I have spent no time on it at all
2015-11-30T22:38:37 <Bosmon> I have heard that it is possible...
2015-11-30T22:38:40 <colinclark> It is
2015-11-30T22:38:47 <colinclark> but something occurred to me about it today
2015-11-30T22:38:51 <colinclark> based on a bug that a user reported
2015-11-30T22:39:13 <colinclark> Based on the W3C spec and the MDN documentation, one can only send an ArrayBuffer
2015-11-30T22:39:24 <colinclark> rather than an typed array view
2015-11-30T22:39:31 <Bosmon> ok
2015-11-30T22:39:40 <Bosmon> I forget what the relationship is between these things, in the node 4 era
2015-11-30T22:39:45 <colinclark> that\'s the issue
2015-11-30T22:39:45 <Bosmon> Are they easily interconvertable?
2015-11-30T22:39:49 <colinclark> yes
2015-11-30T22:40:05 <Bosmon> But not copy-free?
2015-11-30T22:40:20 <colinclark> var b = new Buffer(4); b instanceof Buffer; // true b instanceof Unit8Array; // true
2015-11-30T22:40:29 <Bosmon> Oh
2015-11-30T22:40:31 <Bosmon> That\'s nice
2015-11-30T22:40:41 <colinclark> So an ArrayBuffer is "storage"
2015-11-30T22:40:51 <colinclark> one might, for example, allocate a big ArrayBuffer
2015-11-30T22:40:58 <colinclark> and then pass around chunks of it using typed array views
2015-11-30T22:41:03 <colinclark> as, in fact, Node 4 does
2015-11-30T22:41:21 <colinclark> So, like, that previous example
2015-11-30T22:41:34 <colinclark> you\'d actually discover this:
2015-11-30T22:41:41 <colinclark> b.buffer.length; // 8192
2015-11-30T22:41:46 <colinclark> nice round 8k blocks of memory
2015-11-30T22:41:57 <Bosmon> Oh, interesting
2015-11-30T22:42:01 <colinclark> though b.length will of course be 4
2015-11-30T22:42:15 <colinclark> Anyway, this is the essential problem of the "old API"
2015-11-30T22:42:22 <Bosmon> Whose old API?
2015-11-30T22:42:26 <colinclark> Web Sockets
2015-11-30T22:42:32 <colinclark> the WHATWG version of the Web Socket spec adds support for sending TypedArrayViews
2015-11-30T22:42:45 <colinclark> but I haven\'t yet determined if all browsers support it
2015-11-30T22:42:48 <Bosmon> Ah
2015-11-30T22:42:59 <colinclark> otherwise it looks like I will have to copy every buffer before sending it
2015-11-30T22:43:12 <Bosmon> That sucks
2015-11-30T22:43:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T22:43:17 <Bosmon> Are there popular polyfills?
2015-11-30T22:43:17 <colinclark> should be fine, but it is odd
2015-11-30T22:43:19 <colinclark> I don\'t know
2015-11-30T22:43:21 <colinclark> Do you want to know how I discovered all of this?
2015-11-30T22:43:26 <colinclark> it is a much more odd story
2015-11-30T22:43:26 <Bosmon> Sure :)
2015-11-30T22:43:41 <colinclark> Well, so here is how things should work in a browser
2015-11-30T22:43:45 <colinclark> at least in theory
2015-11-30T22:44:00 <colinclark> var b = new Uint8Array(4);
2015-11-30T22:44:09 <colinclark> b.length === b.buffer.length
2015-11-30T22:44:17 <colinclark> and what I found
2015-11-30T22:44:21 <colinclark> was that, in ATOM ELECTRON
2015-11-30T22:44:44 <colinclark> There was, in a bizarrely familiar way, AN 8K ARRAY BUFFER
2015-11-30T22:45:16 <colinclark> I guess Electron is automatically importing some polyfills
2015-11-30T22:45:30 <colinclark> in that there is a Buffer implementation in the BROWSER SIDE
2015-11-30T22:46:05 <colinclark> so osc.js\'s very poor feature detection was failing
2015-11-30T22:46:07 <Bosmon> A browser that you believe isn\'t actually compliant with the "new API"?
2015-11-30T22:46:15 <colinclark> well, no
2015-11-30T22:46:34 <colinclark> just a Browser that, without me loading any code, supports Node.js\' Buffer API
2015-11-30T22:46:42 <colinclark> and CMD :P
2015-11-30T22:46:56 <colinclark> as Githens learned in DC when he tried to load jQuery
2015-11-30T22:47:05 <colinclark> by simply including a script tag
2015-11-30T22:47:23 <colinclark> it\'s a slightly crazier environment than I thought in that sense
2015-11-30T22:47:55 <Bosmon> Oh yes
2015-11-30T22:47:59 <Bosmon> Remind me how it does this
2015-11-30T22:48:00 <colinclark> it\'s not just Chrome as one would expect
2015-11-30T22:48:04 <colinclark> I don\'t have a clue
2015-11-30T22:48:15 <Bosmon> Well, I mean, what is its overall architecture here
2015-11-30T22:48:23 <colinclark> I don\'t know
2015-11-30T22:48:26 <Bosmon> It actually bundles some kind of Chromium build, right?
2015-11-30T22:48:29 <colinclark> yes
2015-11-30T22:48:35 <colinclark> So there is a Node.js "main process"
2015-11-30T22:48:44 * slim joined the channel
2015-11-30T22:48:44 <colinclark> and then when you instantiate BrowserWindow objects
2015-11-30T22:48:47 * slim has quit
2015-11-30T22:48:50 <colinclark> you get Chromium processes
2015-11-30T22:49:05 <colinclark> but I\'d guess that they\'re either sharing the same V8...
2015-11-30T22:49:21 <colinclark> or Electron is silently (and invisibly) loading a CMD loader and Buffer polyfill, etc.
2015-11-30T22:49:36 <colinclark> but it appears that the Chromium process is much more Node-like than a regular browser
2015-11-30T22:49:45 <Bosmon> That\'s very interesting
2015-11-30T22:49:46 <colinclark> I\'m sure there\'s some architecture documentation I haven\'t read about how this works
2015-11-30T22:50:06 <colinclark> interestingly, it seems that node-webkit works roughly in the same way
2015-11-30T22:50:10 <Bosmon> My first guess would be that the only practical way that could happen would be by sharing "a" V8, but I dunno
2015-11-30T22:50:19 <colinclark> yes, that\'s my guess
2015-11-30T23:19:58 * michelled joined the channel
2015-11-30T23:29:15 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2015-11-30T23:29:15 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2015-11-30T23:54:19 <colinclark> Bosmon: Just from some quick tests, it looks like every modern browser, even IE11, can send TypedArrayViews via a Web Socket
2015-11-30T23:54:21 <colinclark> so that\'s a relief
2015-11-30T23:54:30 <Bosmon> colinclark - wow
2015-11-30T23:54:37 <Bosmon> Well, that\'s nice
2015-11-30T23:55:10 <colinclark> I have a user who is apparently streaming output from Flocking via a Web Socket
2015-11-30T23:55:17 <colinclark> Audio output, not OSC messages
2015-11-30T23:55:28 <colinclark> I would love to see the app
'

b'2015-11-30T20:12:54 <Justin_o> i wonder if the checkbox would make them think it would
2015-11-30T20:13:47 <jhung> Justin_o: hmmm\xe2\x80\xa6
2015-11-30T20:15:52 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:16:57 * clown joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:17:10 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:17:57 <jhung> Justin_o: maybe it could be a global option instead and the label would make it clear it\'s for keyboard control only? Just thinking of alternatives.
2015-11-30T20:18:21 <jhung> The global option would be to make both arms and legs more quickly.
2015-11-30T20:18:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:26:25 <Bosmon> Hi cindyli, simonjb - I\'ve merged the GPII-1309 work for the add-preferences endpoint - good work!
2015-11-30T20:26:44 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:26:51 <simonjb> great, thanks Bosmon!
2015-11-30T20:26:53 <cindyli> yay! thanks, Bosmon
2015-11-30T20:27:37 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:28:31 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:32:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:33:28 <Justin_o> jhung: yes, i guess it would need to be specific
2015-11-30T20:33:35 <Justin_o> hmm.. i guess we can play around with some stuff
2015-11-30T20:33:42 <Justin_o> anastasiac: is the PGA standup everyday?
2015-11-30T20:33:55 <anastasiac> Justin_o: yes, starting tomorrow
2015-11-30T20:35:32 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2015-11-30T20:35:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:36:19 <Justin_o> simonjb: would you be able to add the links to the article and anything else that might be interesting from your community meeting last week. You can put the links in the table row for the topic. It\'s now in the past table on the community meeting page https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+workshops
2015-11-30T20:36:42 <simonjb> yep, will do Justin_o
2015-11-30T20:37:05 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks
2015-11-30T20:39:02 <Justin_o> yzen: do you have a moment for an HTML/a11y question.
2015-11-30T20:39:07 <anastasiac> jhung: there\xe2\x80\x99s a comment on the fd docs pull request https://github.com/GPII/docs-first-discovery/pull/1 about the 404 errors that happen when the docs system is run using \xe2\x80\x9cdocpad run\xe2\x80\x9d (4th from last comment). Do you have any insight on a) why these errors happen, and b) what can be done about them?
2015-11-30T20:39:08 <yzen> yeah i have now
2015-11-30T20:39:55 <jhung> taking a look anastasiac
2015-11-30T20:39:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:40:40 <Justin_o> yzen: thanks.. so clown, jhung and I were puzzling over an interaction the other day. Basically we have an element in canvas/svg that spins around 360 degrees.. we want to represent this as DOM element. We were thinking of a slider or number input but none of those typically wraps. e.g. 0 -> 360 -> 0 ...
2015-11-30T20:41:13 <Justin_o> for now we are thinking to just restrict the movement with the keyboard to be constrained and not wrap.
2015-11-30T20:41:28 <Justin_o> have you encountered an accessible widget that would wrap?
2015-11-30T20:41:49 <Justin_o> maybe a time picker or something
2015-11-30T20:42:11 <yzen> Justin_o  we had time pickers that were sliders but they did not wrap
2015-11-30T20:42:24 <clown> Justin_o, this sounds awfully familiar \xe2\x80\x94 isn\'t this the same discussion we had last Thu ?
2015-11-30T20:42:29 <yzen> can you do the wrapping via js?
2015-11-30T20:42:56 <Justin_o> clown: it is :) I want to see what we could do if they it turns out that the wrapping is important
2015-11-30T20:43:19 <Justin_o> yzen: sure, but i wonder if it would be confusing for a screenreader user
2015-11-30T20:43:34 <Justin_o> as the attributes tend to have max and min values
2015-11-30T20:43:53 <clown> yzen, part of the problem is that range controls have a max and min value.
2015-11-30T20:44:06 <clown> where the max > the min.
2015-11-30T20:44:33 <clown> but, in a "circular" range, they well, wrap around the max and go back to the min.
2015-11-30T20:44:59 <clown> A spinner is still likely the best.
2015-11-30T20:45:05 <yzen> yeah i understand
2015-11-30T20:45:14 <yzen> yeah spinner would be nice for that
2015-11-30T20:45:50 <Justin_o> yzen, clown: unfortunately it\'s not a progress indicator :(
2015-11-30T20:46:08 <clown> Justin_o, I am looking the the OS X date & time control panel.  There is a spinner for the time.  I\'m reluctant to fiddle with it, in case it screws up my time.
2015-11-30T20:46:22 <clown> Do you want to try?
2015-11-30T20:46:38 <Justin_o> clown: uh... after what you just mentioned, not really ;)
2015-11-30T20:47:11 <clown> well, I think if you change the time on that spinner, it live updates.  There is not chance to 1. set the time, then 2. apply it.
2015-11-30T20:48:18 <clown> Justin_o:  what was wrong the the idea of using a slider that whose minimum and maximum are -180 deg and +180 deg.
2015-11-30T20:48:20 <clown> ?
2015-11-30T20:48:50 <clown> Is that you wanted to actually "slide" past the minimum and continue around?
2015-11-30T20:50:12 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m sure we can make the argument for restricting the range to PhET. It particularly makes sense from an accessibility perspective.
2015-11-30T20:51:23 <Justin_o> clown: so on Mac OS it seems that the time field has no max or min values
2015-11-30T20:51:30 <Justin_o> jhung: just preparing for the worst :)
2015-11-30T20:51:39 <Justin_o> and seeing if we can accommodate them
2015-11-30T20:51:47 <clown> Justin_o:  I threw caution to the wind and tried the time spinner..  It turns out you can put focus on the hour and then start spinning.  It moves the hour forward/backward only, and wraps.
2015-11-30T20:52:01 <clown> looks like we tried the same thing....
2015-11-30T20:52:15 <Justin_o> clown: yes.. :)
2015-11-30T20:52:40 <Justin_o> i opened up accessibility inspector on it too, no max and min values
2015-11-30T20:53:10 <clown> Justin_o, how do you know that it doesn\'t have a min/max?  So far, all you can see is that it wraps around.  The min might be 12:00:00AM and the max 11:59:59PM
2015-11-30T20:53:21 <clown> I\'ll see if I can find out.
2015-11-30T20:56:34 <clown> Jusin_o:  interesting findings...
2015-11-30T20:56:41 <Justin_o> clown:  i mean in accessibility inspector it says max is nil
2015-11-30T20:56:44 <Justin_o> and same for min
2015-11-30T20:58:06 <clown> The date spinner in that panel says the min val is: "1969-01-01-23:56:40 +0000".  max value is "2038-11-30 20:56:14 +0000"
2015-11-30T20:58:29 <clown> but, your right, the time spinner has <nil> for min and max.
2015-11-30T20:58:39 <clown> So, what does VO say?
2015-11-30T20:59:48 <Justin_o> now i have to go back
2015-11-30T21:00:43 <clown> Justin_o:  another odd thing is that the role is not "spinner" nor "spinbutton", but "AXDateTimeArea".
2015-11-30T21:01:54 <Justin_o> clown: yes
2015-11-30T21:02:05 <Justin_o> clown: and it just cycles through.. eg. 59, 0
2015-11-30T21:02:37 <clown> and the value is not the visible time (4:01:PM for me right now), but a full ISO date/time stamp "2015-11-30 21:01:26 +0000".  UTC time as well.
2015-11-30T21:02:42 * slim joined the channel
2015-11-30T21:09:25 * anvk has quit
2015-11-30T21:24:43 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-30T21:28:05 * Bosmon joined the channel
2015-11-30T21:29:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T21:31:13 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-11-30T21:34:16 <Justin_o> jhung: was talking to clown, here\'s suggested keyboard interaction for a slider http://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/#slider
2015-11-30T21:34:24 <Justin_o> the same is similar for a spin button
2015-11-30T21:34:38 <Justin_o> jhung:  you can play around with this quick example http://jsfiddle.net/x759595j/
2015-11-30T21:35:12 <Justin_o> the native spin button widget doesn\'t seem to make use of any of the keyboard interactions other than the arrow keys, but the slider does
2015-11-30T21:35:42 <Justin_o> jhung: however, the spin button (number input) can be set to any number and doesn\'t need max and min values.. so we could use that if we have to do the wrapping
2015-11-30T21:37:37 <jhung> Justin_o: does the spinner have to be editable? Would we want to disable that?
2015-11-30T21:38:24 <jhung> So if we had to do wrapping, the arm would be a spinner while the leg is a slider Justin_o.
2015-11-30T21:40:30 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-11-30T21:44:19 * slim has quit
2015-11-30T21:48:56 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-11-30T21:52:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T21:53:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T21:57:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T21:59:28 <Bosmon> Wow anastasiac - thanks for the merge :)
2015-11-30T21:59:38 <Bosmon> This makes my current review task a bit easier since I can just refer to the real docs....
2015-11-30T21:59:57 <Bosmon> Did you publish them yet?
2015-11-30T22:00:04 <anastasiac> Bosmon: the \xe2\x80\x98real docs\xe2\x80\x99 are not yet deployed to the production site. I\xe2\x80\x99m working on that. I got an error\xe2\x80\xa6 diagnosing now
2015-11-30T22:02:13 <anastasiac> ok, I just needed a clean checkout
2015-11-30T22:02:45 <anastasiac> Bosmon: done. New docs are live
2015-11-30T22:02:55 <anastasiac> thanks for all that work! they\xe2\x80\x99re great
2015-11-30T22:03:08 <Bosmon> anastasiac - thanks so much for the review and publishing!
2015-11-30T22:03:14 <Bosmon> What error did you run into when deploying?
2015-11-30T22:03:36 <anastasiac> some weird parsing error in cson.js, I think
2015-11-30T22:03:41 <Bosmon> !
2015-11-30T22:03:45 <Bosmon> What did you do to resolve it
2015-11-30T22:04:01 <anastasiac> I probably shouldn\xe2\x80\x99t have tried it with the copy I had
2015-11-30T22:04:13 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m not sure I didn\xe2\x80\x99t mess with it :=)
2015-11-30T22:04:37 <Bosmon> The copy of what?
2015-11-30T22:05:03 <anastasiac> the git checkout I happened to have
2015-11-30T22:06:07 <anastasiac> I did a clean clone, and it was fine
2015-11-30T22:06:26 <Bosmon> anastasiac ok, cool
2015-11-30T22:07:42 <anastasiac> Bosmon: did you see my comments on my FLOE/425/GPII-1481 FD Tool docs pull request?
2015-11-30T22:08:06 <anastasiac> ah, so you did
2015-11-30T22:08:23 <Bosmon> anastasiac - where are we planning to deploy this?
2015-11-30T22:08:43 <Bosmon> I was unable to reproduce the "exponential explosion of 404s" on my desktop machine
2015-11-30T22:08:46 <anastasiac> Bosmon: that\xe2\x80\x99s a good question. It\xe2\x80\x99s a GPII thing now, so I don\xe2\x80\x99t know the answer to that question
2015-11-30T22:09:03 <Bosmon> So I guess I\'m happy to merge this on the basis that the repo itself should have people warned off it
2015-11-30T22:09:15 <Bosmon> That is, on the basis that the outcome of merging it is that we get some docs to deploy
2015-11-30T22:09:40 <anastasiac> Bosmon: I\xe2\x80\x99m not sure I understand the suggestion that \xe2\x80\x9cwe are not expecting others to work with the docs at the repository leve\xe2\x80\x9d
2015-11-30T22:10:00 <Bosmon> anastasiac - I\'m referring to people outside our team here
2015-11-30T22:10:05 <anastasiac> ah, you mean they should read them through github?
2015-11-30T22:10:26 <anastasiac> if so, then yes, I agree
2015-11-30T22:10:42 <Bosmon> That is, we won\'t advertise this as a scheme for people outside our team to reuse for working on docs
2015-11-30T22:11:16 <anastasiac> ah, you mean the docs-template repository as a basis for docs?
2015-11-30T22:11:30 <anastasiac> until we resolve the issues you identified?
2015-11-30T22:12:10 <anastasiac> Bosmon: ^
2015-11-30T22:12:19 <Bosmon> anastasiac - yes
2015-11-30T22:12:30 <anastasiac> ok, yes, sounds good
2015-11-30T22:12:51 <anastasiac> we wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t ever tell anyone to use the docs-first-discovery repo as a basis, even if there were no issues with it
2015-11-30T22:13:02 <anastasiac> but I agree, we should fix up docs-template
2015-11-30T22:14:55 <anastasiac> So for deploying the FD tool docs, Bosmon: if you ran the gh-pages plugin (with \xe2\x80\x98origin\xe2\x80\x99 being the gpii repo), that would deploy the docs to http://gpii.github.io/docs-first-discovery/  This, in my mind, would be adequate for now. What do you think?
2015-11-30T22:15:03 <Bosmon> anastasiac - that seems fine to me, yes
2015-11-30T22:15:19 <Bosmon> I\'m happy to do that if you think it\'s an appropriate time for it
2015-11-30T22:15:36 <anastasiac> yes, the sooner the better, I think. RIght now, they\xe2\x80\x99re looking at my personal copy :-)
2015-11-30T22:15:46 <Bosmon> Oh right
2015-11-30T22:15:55 <Bosmon> I guess I should try to catch up tomorrow on exactly who "they" are : P
2015-11-30T22:15:59 <anastasiac> there will be a couple of updates to the docs soon \xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0cindy and justin are adding docs related to the server integration
2015-11-30T22:16:16 <anastasiac> \xe2\x80\x9cthey\xe2\x80\x9d are the IBM dev team working on the next phase of the PGA project
2015-11-30T22:16:27 <Bosmon> Yes, I guess I was aware of that in outline
2015-11-30T22:16:35 <anastasiac> which will be installing the FD tool in some pilot sites
2015-11-30T22:16:44 <Bosmon> But I imagine we now know far more specifics, given that some concrete people are actually in this role : P
2015-11-30T22:16:54 <anastasiac> yes, I have some names :-)
2015-11-30T22:16:58 <Bosmon> CONCRETE PEOPLE, rather than MERE CLASSES OF PEOPLE!
2015-11-30T22:18:00 <anastasiac> the dev lead is Ben Stokes
2015-11-30T22:18:24 <anastasiac> he\xe2\x80\x99s got three more devs, plus a tester, a business analyst...
2015-11-30T22:19:08 * kasparnet has quit
2015-11-30T22:26:00 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-11-30T22:26:29 * kasparnet has quit
2015-11-30T22:27:12 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-30T22:35:39 <colinclark> Bosmon: Have you spent any time sending binary data via a Web Socket?
'

b'2015-11-30T00:46:29 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-11-30T02:20:03 * jhung joined the channel
2015-11-30T02:20:15 * jhung has left the channel
2015-11-30T03:08:36 * jhung joined the channel
2015-11-30T03:08:41 * jhung has left the channel
2015-11-30T06:54:26 * amatas joined the channel
2015-11-30T08:18:53 * amatas joined the channel
2015-11-30T08:32:39 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-11-30T08:51:01 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-11-30T08:51:33 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-11-30T09:11:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-11-30T09:11:40 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-11-30T09:40:49 * slim joined the channel
2015-11-30T09:41:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-11-30T10:55:38 * slim has quit
2015-11-30T12:02:24 * slim joined the channel
2015-11-30T13:28:39 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:03:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:06:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:09:04 * danayo joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:10:42 * slim has quit
2015-11-30T14:15:48 <Justin_o> [o__o]: hello
2015-11-30T14:16:19 <Justin_o> [o__o]: ping
2015-11-30T14:16:19 <[o__o]> Are you in need of my services, Justin_o?
2015-11-30T14:22:21 * michelled joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:23:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:32:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:34:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello, if you could review my pull requests for the first discovery server, we\'re hoping to have that wrapped up today.
2015-11-30T14:34:52 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:34:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:35:57 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:36:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:36:25 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:41:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T14:41:30 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-11-30T15:13:37 * clown_ joined the channel
2015-11-30T15:18:54 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-30T15:21:43 <cindyli> simonjb: i tried ur pull request for updating the oauth server configuration - https://github.com/cindyli/universal/pull/2. it works perfectly
2015-11-30T15:23:15 <simonjb> cindyli: you were able to check your manual tests with the cloudBased.development.all.local configuration of gpii.js? Not using driver.js?
2015-11-30T15:24:30 <cindyli> yes, simonjb
2015-11-30T15:24:37 <simonjb> great
2015-11-30T15:24:42 <simonjb> thanks for checking
2015-11-30T15:33:18 * jhung joined the channel
2015-11-30T15:35:51 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m working on updating the mock-up for Forces & Motion Basics. Then afterward I\'ll get started on the DOM.
2015-11-30T15:36:38 <Justin_o> jhung: okay thanks.. is that all done for the John Travoltage?
2015-11-30T15:38:39 <jhung> Oh
2015-11-30T15:38:42 * anvk joined the channel
2015-11-30T15:38:43 <jhung> I meant John Travoltage.
2015-11-30T15:38:49 <jhung> Justin_o
2015-11-30T15:38:53 <jhung> Too many sims. :D
2015-11-30T15:39:42 <Justin_o> :)
2015-11-30T15:43:15 <cindyli> done, simonjb, merged ur GPII-1309 pull request into mine
2015-11-30T15:43:31 <simonjb> cindyli: any conflict?
2015-11-30T15:43:36 <cindyli> not at all :)
2015-11-30T15:43:47 <simonjb> nice
2015-11-30T15:44:25 <Justin_o> jhung: what did you mean exactly by get started on the DOM?
2015-11-30T15:48:00 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2015-11-30T15:54:49 <jhung> Justin_o: I was going to write out what the accessible version of the John Travoltage sim would look like.
2015-11-30T15:55:32 <Justin_o> jhung: you mean in markup?
2015-11-30T15:55:33 <jhung> So we can test that first to make sure it works the way we want.
2015-11-30T15:55:35 <jhung> yes
2015-11-30T15:55:36 <Justin_o> or in text
2015-11-30T15:55:38 <Justin_o> ah okay
2015-11-30T15:55:43 <Justin_o> i was going to help with that too
2015-11-30T15:55:49 <Justin_o> we could pair on it i guess
2015-11-30T15:55:53 <jhung> Justin_o: sounds good.
2015-11-30T15:56:01 <Justin_o> jhung: let me know when you\'re ready
2015-11-30T15:56:57 <jhung> Justin_o: feel free to start that first. I want to get the design updated first. I\'ll also make sure I get the keyboard interaction documented well.
2015-11-30T15:59:38 <Justin_o> jhung: is this what i should be looking at? https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/PhET+John+Travoltage+Simulation+Design
2015-11-30T16:01:51 <jhung> Justin_o: Yes. Use that to provide direction for now. I still need to go through it to make sure it has all the right info.
2015-11-30T16:02:02 <Justin_o> okay
2015-11-30T16:02:11 <Justin_o> michelled: Floe meeting now?
2015-11-30T16:02:55 <michelled> Justin_o: yep - in the fluid standup room
2015-11-30T16:03:13 <Justin_o> michelled: thanks
2015-11-30T16:03:23 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: Floe meeting
2015-11-30T16:03:36 <michelled> alanharnum, cindyli, danayo, sepidehshahi ^
2015-11-30T16:03:37 <jhung> I can\'t seem to invite the Collaboration room. It appears as "Busy"
2015-11-30T16:03:53 <Justin_o> i\'m going over now, i\'ll take a look
2015-11-30T16:04:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T16:06:11 <Justin_o> michelled, hung: we\'re going to use the cart, they are doing some work in the collaboration room.
2015-11-30T16:34:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-11-30T16:37:04 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-11-30T16:52:12 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-11-30T16:52:40 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-11-30T16:54:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T16:57:13 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-11-30T16:58:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-11-30T17:07:15 * slim joined the channel
2015-11-30T17:16:26 * clown joined the channel
2015-11-30T17:16:28 <Justin_o> jhung: i\'m reading over your notes for the John Travoltage sim. For the Non-Visual Interaction table, the Scene element notes says: "This description could be updated dynamically to match what has happened in the sim. This way a user of a screen reader will always get an updated description each time they read the page from "top-down"."
2015-11-30T17:16:41 <Justin_o> jhung: are you thinking about keeping a log of all the actions?
2015-11-30T17:16:46 <Justin_o> and states
2015-11-30T17:17:14 <jhung> You mean so the user can go back on hear / see what they have done Justin_o?
2015-11-30T17:17:37 <Justin_o> jhung: yes
2015-11-30T17:18:45 <jhung> I was thinking that the description be thorough enough that a log isn\'t needed. Not sure how useful it would be to log all the arm positions the user has taken etc.
2015-11-30T17:18:57 <jhung> ^ justin_o
2015-11-30T17:19:35 <Justin_o> jhung: part of the question is to understand what it means to update the description dynamically
2015-11-30T17:27:26 <jhung> Justin_o: ah. For now I just imaged it to be a summary element. Probably something that isn\'t constantly read back to the screen reader so perhaps Aria-live: off. But we would need to indicate somehow that the contents of the summary were updated at some point.
2015-11-30T17:27:52 <Justin_o> hmm.. i\'ll think about that
2015-11-30T17:31:03 <jhung> Justin_o: I figure we\'ll be giving aria-live updates for the interactive components (arm and leg) so there\'s no immediate need to put the summary as an aria-live region.
2015-11-30T17:31:30 <Justin_o> jhung: i\'m not sure we need to do that actually, if they are going to be slider elements, it should be enough..
2015-11-30T17:32:46 <jhung> Justin_o: ok.
2015-11-30T17:33:20 <Justin_o> jhung: i\'ll start sketching it out, we can see how it is after to see if it\'s okay
2015-11-30T17:35:07 <jhung> ok Justin_o
2015-11-30T17:39:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-11-30T17:44:55 <Justin_o> jhung: for the leg is it supposed to matter how fast you move it?
2015-11-30T17:44:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-11-30T17:46:14 <jhung> no Justin_o. The speed doesn\'t matter.
2015-11-30T17:46:46 <Justin_o> jhung: okay, seems like get 5 on slow and 6 on fast
2015-11-30T17:46:51 <Justin_o> but maybe that\'s a bug or i\'m miscounting
2015-11-30T17:47:20 <Justin_o> jhung: wondering how many positions of movement we need
2015-11-30T17:48:11 <Justin_o> jhung: same for the arm, can we just keep it to the major sets.. so we don\'t have to use the shift to modify it
2015-11-30T17:53:13 <jhung> The granularity of movement is something we\'ve talked about in past meetings and it\'s something we\'d like to preserve Justin_o.
2015-11-30T17:55:00 <Justin_o> jhung: okay
2015-11-30T18:00:28 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: the design and development crit will be starting, we should have access to the collaboration room now too
2015-11-30T18:00:40 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:01:46 * danayo joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:04:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:08:56 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:09:49 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:11:24 * slim has quit
2015-11-30T18:16:09 * slim joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:21:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:21:28 * anvk has quit
2015-11-30T18:21:54 * yzen has quit
2015-11-30T18:24:29 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:28:59 * gtirloni has quit
2015-11-30T18:29:18 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:39:30 * anvk joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:53:27 * kasparnet has quit
2015-11-30T18:54:45 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:55:28 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-11-30T18:59:11 * Bosmon joined the channel
2015-11-30T19:07:40 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-11-30T19:08:37 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-11-30T19:11:24 * slim has quit
2015-11-30T19:13:45 * kasparnet has quit
2015-11-30T19:17:14 * yzen joined the channel
2015-11-30T19:22:10 * slim joined the channel
2015-11-30T19:26:31 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-11-30T19:27:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-11-30T19:28:26 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-11-30T19:31:40 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-11-30T19:40:49 * Yan_Hu has quit
2015-11-30T19:45:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-11-30T19:58:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-11-30T20:06:18 * slim has quit
2015-11-30T20:09:37 <jhung> Justin_o: I was thinking of changing the John Travoltage design a little. Instead of using a modifier key to accelerate movement, I was thinking that there would be a check box that when enabled changes the scale of the slider to larger intervals.
2015-11-30T20:11:47 <Justin_o> jhung: that\'s probably clearer, but what effect would that have on a mouse user
2015-11-30T20:12:35 <jhung> Justin_o: I would think it won\'t affect the mouse user. Is that possible?
'

