b'2015-09-03T18:19:57 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks :)
2015-09-03T18:20:02 <cindyli> np
2015-09-03T18:20:24 <Justin_o> colinclark: i left another comment on your pull request for npmignore
2015-09-03T18:21:16 <colinclark> Justin_o: I think I updated again based on your comments, unless it\xe2\x80\x99s very new :)
2015-09-03T18:21:36 <colinclark> Sorry for not being as thorough as I should be :)
2015-09-03T18:27:29 <Justin_o> colinclark: do you think we should remove all of the *depdenency.json files?
2015-09-03T18:27:49 <colinclark> I guess not if we are going to support people making builds from this, right?
2015-09-03T18:28:18 <Justin_o> yes.. sorry i just remembered that :(
2015-09-03T18:28:21 <colinclark> no worries
2015-09-03T18:28:33 <colinclark> I guess our build scripts will do things like this when we improve them a bit
2015-09-03T18:28:51 <colinclark> so that whatever ends up in the \xe2\x80\x9cdist\xe2\x80\x9d (or \xe2\x80\x9cproducts\xe2\x80\x9d or whatever) directory is totally minimalistic
2015-09-03T18:29:36 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, that would be great.. they are another one of those things we tend to scrape out when we make a build.
2015-09-03T18:29:43 <colinclark> yup
2015-09-03T18:29:53 <colinclark> I guess we\xe2\x80\x99re still missing a lot from npm
2015-09-03T18:30:21 <colinclark> you really want, for a web app, to have only the barest essentials sitting on your web server
2015-09-03T18:30:24 <colinclark> arguably, anyway
2015-09-03T18:30:35 <colinclark> in practice, it probably doesn\xe2\x80\x99t matter much
2015-09-03T18:30:57 <colinclark> since the only reason you really scrape stuff now, I think, Justin_o, is probably because you are including the dependency within another project\xe2\x80\x99s repository
2015-09-03T18:32:49 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, that\'s correct
2015-09-03T18:32:57 <Justin_o> colinclark: i\'ve merged in the FLUID-5745 pull request
2015-09-03T18:33:08 <colinclark> awesome!
2015-09-03T18:33:11 <colinclark> I\xe2\x80\x99ll update my repositories
2015-09-03T18:33:20 <Justin_o> cool
2015-09-03T18:33:45 <colinclark> I\xe2\x80\x99m working on my thesis this week, Justin_o. But unfortunately, in order to do so, I need to upgrade everything to Infusion 2.x
2015-09-03T18:34:03 <colinclark> I really need to stabilize the codebase for my sound installations, and I think the best way to do that is to get them totally up to date
2015-09-03T18:34:13 <colinclark> and then hopefully I can finish them up and leave them
2015-09-03T18:35:43 <colinclark> as part of that, I\xe2\x80\x99m also npm-izing everything
2015-09-03T18:36:01 <Justin_o> that\'s a lot to take on, hopefully it will go smoothly.
2015-09-03T18:39:35 <the-t-in-rtf> I feel for you @colinclark, I am doing much the same thing for the UL at the moment, just to fix one bug.
2015-09-03T18:39:55 <colinclark> the-t-in-rtf: Yeah, that\xe2\x80\x99s what I\xe2\x80\x99m trying to avoid, late in the thesis game\xe2\x80\xa6
2015-09-03T18:40:09 <colinclark> I figure if bugs come up, I\xe2\x80\x99m better off being up to date
2015-09-03T18:40:16 <the-t-in-rtf> yeah.
2015-09-03T18:40:28 <colinclark> the-t-in-rtf: So far, I\xe2\x80\x99ve found the process mostly straightforward
2015-09-03T18:40:44 <colinclark> a bit of thinking required when juggling the order grades periodically, though the error messages have been pretty useful
2015-09-03T18:40:45 <the-t-in-rtf> Definitely, I\'ve done a find and replace for the most part.
2015-09-03T18:40:57 <colinclark> have you encountered any bigger issues, the-t-in-rtf?
2015-09-03T18:41:56 <the-t-in-rtf> At some point we\'ll need to have a "before destroy" event, that\'s the only thing that bit me.  I left a TODO for my next code review with Antranig.
2015-09-03T18:42:14 <colinclark> ah, interesting
2015-09-03T18:42:18 <the-t-in-rtf> The problem is you can\'t address anything relative to {that} once a component has been destroyed.
2015-09-03T18:42:25 <colinclark> yes, that\xe2\x80\x99s right
2015-09-03T18:42:27 <the-t-in-rtf> And I want to do things like kill external processes on destruction
2015-09-03T18:42:32 <colinclark> aha
2015-09-03T18:43:10 <the-t-in-rtf> If we don\'t get to it by the time Couch 2.0 comes out, it won\'t be relevant, as this is only in my test framework for couchdb-lucene integration.
2015-09-03T18:43:40 <the-t-in-rtf> That\'s assuming the cloudant stuff works for us, of course.
2015-09-03T18:44:09 <colinclark> aha
2015-09-03T18:44:18 <colinclark> do you think it will, the-t-in-rtf?
2015-09-03T18:44:31 <colinclark> I got the impression that the cloudant stuff was pretty cobbled together?
2015-09-03T18:44:38 <the-t-in-rtf> I think we may still end up writing our own synonym handling, but here\'s hoping.
2015-09-03T18:45:55 <the-t-in-rtf> It may be two or three minor revisions before we can even consider it.  Now that we can test couchd-lucene, there\'s not much hurry.  It\'s pretty mature, testing was the only thing missing IMO.
2015-09-03T18:46:10 <the-t-in-rtf> well, that and the synonym handling contrib plugins for Lucene.
2015-09-03T18:48:10 <the-t-in-rtf> I know what you mean about the cloudant stuff, the public repo for the search integration was pretty poorly documented.
2015-09-03T18:48:56 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, that\'s all stuff to worry about once you\'ve closed the doors after your thesis show.
2015-09-03T18:48:59 <the-t-in-rtf> ;)
2015-09-03T18:51:32 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-09-03T18:51:59 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-09-03T18:55:09 <the-t-in-rtf> I have been looking for an audible version of Backgammon and am trying this: http://www.pontes.ro/backgammon/download/Pontes-Backgammon.exe
2015-09-03T18:55:27 <the-t-in-rtf> http://www.pontes.ro/backgammon/index.php
2015-09-03T18:55:30 <the-t-in-rtf> Sorry, better link.
2015-09-03T18:55:48 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, anyone working on sonification who knows of other positional games like this in audible form, I\'d love to hear about it.
2015-09-03T19:01:15 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-03T19:23:24 <the-t-in-rtf> Just to save anyone else the time, it\'s an audio-only game that reads the contents of each position on the board as you scroll past it.
2015-09-03T19:33:00 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-03T19:34:58 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-03T20:04:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-03T20:06:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-03T20:25:47 <simonjb> hi cindyli, are you available for an infusion question?
2015-09-03T20:26:02 <cindyli> sure, simonjb
2015-09-03T20:26:09 <simonjb> awesome, vidyo?
2015-09-03T20:26:13 <cindyli> ok
2015-09-03T20:26:29 <simonjb> cindyli: call me when you\'re ready
2015-09-03T20:32:02 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-09-03T20:34:30 <Bosmon7> Hi there the-t-in-rtf - just catching up on your earlier comments
2015-09-03T20:34:44 <Bosmon7> What you say isn\'t quite correct - it is perfectly possible to address component material during onDestroy
2015-09-03T20:34:56 <Bosmon7> It does indeed function as the "before destroy" you were requesting
2015-09-03T20:36:40 <Bosmon7> anastasiac - for your earlier question, yes, ${context-name} is only used within prototrees
2015-09-03T20:36:55 <Bosmon7> The difference is that this form is capable of interpolation - that is, it could be replaced within a string
2015-09-03T20:37:01 * anvk has quit
2015-09-03T20:37:05 <Bosmon7> Whereas the {context}.path form only resolves entire objects
2015-09-03T20:37:28 <Bosmon7> Also, {context} etc. takes part in the ginger process whereas ${context} does not
2015-09-03T20:38:13 <anastasiac> Bosmon7, could you elaborate on the interpolation part a bit?
2015-09-03T20:42:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-03T20:46:03 <Bosmon7> anastasiac - well, I would - only I find that we have no test cases for this facility and given we\'re going to withdraw the renderer, it doesn\'t seem worth talking about it
2015-09-03T20:46:22 <Bosmon7> The other important difference is that the ${} syntax can resolve onto "renderer variables" as well as just standard IoC contexts
2015-09-03T20:46:22 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-09-03T20:46:41 <anastasiac> Bosmon7: what\xe2\x80\x99s the expected timeline for withdrawing the renderer?
2015-09-03T20:46:50 <Bosmon7> It used to be the case that it could ONLY resolve onto "renderer variables" but we improved the renderer some years ago so that it participated in a basic way in IoC
2015-09-03T20:47:03 <Bosmon7> anastasiac - I would say perhaps a year from now
2015-09-03T20:47:12 <anastasiac> Bosmon7: what kinds of things are you referring to when you say \xe2\x80\x9crenderer variable\xe2\x80\x9d?
2015-09-03T20:47:29 <Bosmon7> anastasiac - I am referring to those things which become bound as a result of the repeat expander
2015-09-03T20:48:37 <Bosmon7> anastasiac - for example here: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/framework-tests/renderer/js/RendererUtilitiesTests.js#L82
2015-09-03T20:48:44 <anastasiac> FYI, Bosmon7, I\xe2\x80\x99m working on a Prefs Framework tutorial, which will hopefully be useful to developers immediately, so explaining how things work now is still required
2015-09-03T20:48:49 <Bosmon7> {elementPath} is not a proper IoC context
2015-09-03T20:49:03 <Bosmon7> But it becomes bound as a result of being referred to under "pathAs" by the repetition expander
2015-09-03T20:49:12 <Bosmon7> This is also something that it may not be worth referring to
2015-09-03T20:49:43 <Bosmon7> Given you want your tutorial to be succinct and relevant to users of the prefs framework, it might be best to simply say, "${} is a particular form of IoC reference which is used from within a protoTree" and leave it at that
2015-09-03T20:50:26 <Bosmon7> cindyli - yes, the kettle.dataSource.CouchDB might be reasonable as a starting point but you should bear in mind that it has no tests that verify it against any real CouchDB instance
2015-09-03T20:50:37 <Bosmon7> You might find the-t-in-rtf project gpii-pouchdb a useful starting point
2015-09-03T20:51:01 <Bosmon7> And in answer to Justin_o\'s question from earlier, yes, viewComponent now needs to go at the right of a grade list in order to override the other grades
2015-09-03T20:54:23 <anastasiac> Bosmon7, the audience for this tutorial is actually developer that are not yet familiar with Infusion. Given that users of the prefs framework are going to have to write prototrees, it might be relevant to them to understand a little bit about the \xe2\x80\x9c${}\xe2\x80\x9d syntax and how to use it
2015-09-03T20:54:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-03T20:55:31 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-09-03T21:06:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-03T21:11:54 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-09-03T22:28:34 * simonjb has quit
2015-09-03T22:31:48 * avtar has left the channel
'

b'2015-09-03T15:42:28 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-03T15:43:21 <anastasiac> jhung: thanks for your input on the Prefs Framework tutorial. I\xe2\x80\x99ve got some comments in the \xe2\x80\x98margin\xe2\x80\x99 that are sort of \xe2\x80\x9cquestions for reviewers\xe2\x80\x9d so please feel free to weigh in on those
2015-09-03T15:43:29 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-03T15:45:41 <jhung> ok anastasiac
2015-09-03T15:47:36 <cindyli> Justin_o: ah ha, i saw the prefs server has one json for each user, but thought that might be for the development env which uses the file system. what a waste ;)
2015-09-03T15:49:35 <Justin_o> cindyli: i don\'t know if this is any good, but maybe it will be useful http://guide.couchdb.org/editions/1/en/index.html
2015-09-03T15:49:36 <cindyli> well, that might really be for the dev. couchdb should have its own way to store things
2015-09-03T15:50:06 <cindyli> certainly will be useful, Justin_o. thanks
2015-09-03T15:50:35 <Justin_o> cindyli: this might also be helpful http://docs.couchdb.org/en/1.6.1/intro/tour.html
2015-09-03T15:52:14 <cindyli> nice. thanks, Justin_o
2015-09-03T15:52:48 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-03T16:02:05 * avtar joined the channel
2015-09-03T16:10:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-03T16:17:40 <colinclark> Justin_o: you around?
2015-09-03T16:17:53 <Justin_o> colinclark: hello
2015-09-03T16:19:12 <colinclark> hey
2015-09-03T16:19:23 <colinclark> Good review for the npmignore pull request
2015-09-03T16:19:27 <colinclark> and it\xe2\x80\x99s sort of getting me thinking
2015-09-03T16:19:36 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-03T16:20:08 <colinclark> and I can imagine it might dovetail a tiny bit with this off-channel chat Bosmon and I were having about modules...
2015-09-03T16:20:31 <colinclark> Justin_o: So I will just think aloud for a sec, and you can tell me if I\xe2\x80\x99m thinking straight :)
2015-09-03T16:20:42 <Justin_o> sure
2015-09-03T16:20:45 <Justin_o> i\'ll try :)
2015-09-03T16:21:05 <colinclark> Most importantly, we want users to be able to use Infusion either in its node or browser form via npm
2015-09-03T16:21:13 <colinclark> secondly, we want to preserve their ability to make arbitrary custom builds
2015-09-03T16:21:58 <colinclark> in the near future, we will extend our build scripts to support some custom fields in their package.json and automatically generate a build for them as part of a postinstall or similar type of npm script
2015-09-03T16:21:59 <colinclark> right?
2015-09-03T16:23:11 <Justin_o> colinclark: sounds good
2015-09-03T16:23:25 <colinclark> ok, so the .npmignore must not omit anything that is useful for generating a custom build
2015-09-03T16:23:41 <Justin_o> colinclark: correct
2015-09-03T16:23:55 <colinclark> So that covers your comment about the jshint files
2015-09-03T16:24:31 <Justin_o> i don\'t know if we use jshint in a build process though
2015-09-03T16:24:37 <colinclark> though it does seem slightly strange, since presumably linting is something that happens as part of a \xe2\x80\x9cdevelopment time\xe2\x80\x9d process
2015-09-03T16:24:37 <colinclark> rather than build time
2015-09-03T16:24:41 <colinclark> let me remind myself
2015-09-03T16:25:40 <Justin_o> it might be worthwhile to have as sort of a validation step before creating a build
2015-09-03T16:26:58 <colinclark> Looks to me like the \xe2\x80\x9clint\xe2\x80\x9d task is orthogonal to the actual builds
2015-09-03T16:27:57 <colinclark> So I guess it\xe2\x80\x99s really just a question of your point
2015-09-03T16:28:06 <colinclark> do we want to leave the jshint files in place for someone who wants to \xe2\x80\x9cvalidate\xe2\x80\x9d a build?
2015-09-03T16:28:25 <colinclark> I don\xe2\x80\x99t know the answer, and don\xe2\x80\x99t much mind
2015-09-03T16:28:30 <Justin_o> sort of pre-validate because the build itself probably won\'t lint
2015-09-03T16:28:34 <Justin_o> at least not if it\'s minified
2015-09-03T16:28:39 <colinclark> :)
2015-09-03T16:29:02 <Justin_o> colinclark: do you think we should make the first step of a build
2015-09-03T16:29:08 <Justin_o> so it will fail if there are linting errors
2015-09-03T16:30:03 <colinclark> If we publish a release that fails to lint, we\xe2\x80\x99ll have bigger issues, I imagine
2015-09-03T16:30:49 <Justin_o> colinclark: is there a way to do some validation before publishing, in an automated fashion?
2015-09-03T16:31:06 <colinclark> yep
2015-09-03T16:31:16 <colinclark> I believe what we want is a \xe2\x80\x9cprepublish\xe2\x80\x9d script
2015-09-03T16:32:08 <Justin_o> colinclark: okay, so maybe we need to put it both in the prepublish script and the build process
2015-09-03T16:32:14 <colinclark> in the next few weeks, I\xe2\x80\x99m hoping we\xe2\x80\x99ll have modified our Grunt script to the point where they will create a \xe2\x80\x9cdist\xe2\x80\x9d directory containing our two \xe2\x80\x9cstandard\xe2\x80\x9d builds, infusion-all and infusion-core
2015-09-03T16:32:25 <colinclark> and to generate those as part of a prepublish script
2015-09-03T16:32:29 <colinclark> there\xe2\x80\x99s no reason we couldn\xe2\x80\x99t also lint
2015-09-03T16:32:43 <Justin_o> colinclark: sounds good..
2015-09-03T16:32:50 <Justin_o> so maybe we should leave the jshint stuff in for now then
2015-09-03T16:33:20 <colinclark> and remove it once we have our prepublish script in place, Justin_o?
2015-09-03T16:34:48 <Justin_o> unless we also make it part of a regular build... i imagine there will still be cases where we may want to do a build outside of NPM.. at least i think so, i could be wrong
2015-09-03T16:35:51 <colinclark> ok
2015-09-03T16:35:55 <colinclark> So my other question is the tesitng infrastructure...
2015-09-03T16:36:10 <colinclark> I guess it\xe2\x80\x99s correct to say that if someone wants jqUnit, the only way to get it is from Infusion itself
2015-09-03T16:36:27 <colinclark> at least until Bosmon\xe2\x80\x99s Micromodule Madness sets in
2015-09-03T16:37:02 <Justin_o> colinclark: don\'t know what Micromodule Madness is, so i\'ll say yes :)
2015-09-03T16:37:06 <colinclark> :)
2015-09-03T16:37:18 <colinclark> Ok, so at very least, it should not be omitted
2015-09-03T16:37:39 <colinclark> since otherwise there\xe2\x80\x99s no way to get jqUnit from via npm
2015-09-03T16:37:56 <colinclark> Bosmon: You had actually suggested folding node-jqUnit into the Infusion module as well?
2015-09-03T16:40:25 <colinclark> Justin_o: So your comment on the pull request, which I didn\xe2\x80\x99t fully understand, is essentially pointing out that we should elide the tests but not the infrastructure that our users might want to use when writing their own tests? (i.e. jqUnit and the IoC testing utilities)
2015-09-03T16:40:46 <Justin_o> colinclark: correct
2015-09-03T16:40:55 <colinclark> ok, I think I get it all now
2015-09-03T16:41:02 <Justin_o> and i guess the third party stuff in there too
2015-09-03T16:41:07 <Bosmon7> colinclark - "into the infusion module", yes
2015-09-03T16:41:17 <Bosmon7> Although of course in the new model, it will just come out again : P
2015-09-03T16:41:26 <colinclark> :) :)
2015-09-03T16:41:28 <Bosmon7> Since there will cease to be anything like "a single Infusion module"
2015-09-03T16:41:38 <colinclark> and I\xe2\x80\x99ll elide \xe2\x80\x9cproducts\xe2\x80\x9d as you suggested, Justin_o, at least until I get time to refactor the build scripts to produce our \xe2\x80\x9cstandard builds\xe2\x80\x9d
2015-09-03T16:41:50 <Bosmon7> I guess the dust has settled enough for me to ramble about the MICROMODULE REVOLUTION
2015-09-03T16:41:55 <colinclark> Justin_o and Bosmon7: One more question\xe2\x80\xa6
2015-09-03T16:42:06 <colinclark> I was thinking that I should contribute back this module...
2015-09-03T16:42:17 <colinclark> https://github.com/colinbdclark/codemirror-infusion
2015-09-03T16:42:23 <colinclark> Bosmon7 wrote it originally
2015-09-03T16:42:27 <colinclark> for a personal project
2015-09-03T16:42:29 <Bosmon7> So I was just trying to use a library named "openlayers" and I was immediately struck by how completely offensive Google Closure\'s module system was
2015-09-03T16:42:30 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-03T16:42:41 <Bosmon7> But I realised that Infusion would seem just as offensive to any 3rd party
2015-09-03T16:42:45 <colinclark> and then I adapted it somewhat for Flocking
2015-09-03T16:42:47 <colinclark> Justin_o: What\xe2\x80\x99s the process for doing so?
2015-09-03T16:42:57 <colinclark> Bosmon7: It\xe2\x80\x99s true, sadly
2015-09-03T16:43:00 <Bosmon7> And I racked my brains last night to think what, in theory, if anything, we could do about this
2015-09-03T16:43:12 <Bosmon7> I\'ll pause for a while to let the codemirror question settle
2015-09-03T16:43:14 <Justin_o> colinclark: you mean contribute to the fluid-project repo
2015-09-03T16:43:22 <colinclark> Justin_o: yup
2015-09-03T16:43:25 <colinclark> sorry Bosmon7
2015-09-03T16:43:28 <colinclark> didn\xe2\x80\x99t mean to interrupt
2015-09-03T16:43:36 <Bosmon7> No, you were first :)
2015-09-03T16:43:44 <colinclark> no, no, you :)
2015-09-03T16:43:44 <Justin_o> colinclark: i believe you should be able to transfer ownership from your repo to fluid-project
2015-09-03T16:44:06 <colinclark> So post a note to the fluid-work list, wait a couple days, and then transfer ownership?
2015-09-03T16:44:35 <Justin_o> colinclark: i think that should be fine
2015-09-03T16:44:38 <colinclark> Presumably no one will protest the contribution of a relatively useful little component :)
2015-09-03T16:44:40 <colinclark> Justin_o: ok, great
2015-09-03T16:44:44 <Justin_o> i don\'t know if we have a formal process for it
2015-09-03T16:45:01 <Justin_o> i doubt there will be any protest :)
2015-09-03T16:45:03 <colinclark> I guess it\xe2\x80\x99s well-covered by our standard lazy consensus approach
2015-09-03T16:45:07 <colinclark> ok, cool
2015-09-03T16:45:13 <colinclark> Bosmon7: Carry on :)
2015-09-03T16:45:40 <Bosmon7> ok - so really, the only sane game in town is the npm module system
2015-09-03T16:46:14 <Bosmon7> Historically, we\'ve avoided grasping it whole-heartedly because of our attachment to being able to test against broken-out sets of framework files in the filesystem
2015-09-03T16:46:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: so i\'ll drop something in to interrupt for a second :) it is related to builds and tests though. So I\'ve been updating the first discovery tool to the latest infusion. I want to use the mockTTS that we have in infusion https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/component-tests/textToSpeech/js/MockTTS.js however it\'s in
2015-09-03T16:46:23 <Justin_o> the components test directory which makes it inconvenient for me to use. Should it be moved to the components src directory or somewhere else?
2015-09-03T16:46:41 <Bosmon7> Now - as it turns out, people who live in the 20th century have developed a thing known as "source maps"
2015-09-03T16:46:55 <Bosmon7> And also, as it turns out, these are now supported in every browser that is part of our supported profile
2015-09-03T16:47:14 <Bosmon7> Including IE11, Edge, Safari, Chrome, and Firefox (in its Dev Tools but not in Firebug)
2015-09-03T16:47:17 <colinclark> Justin_o: I think it\xe2\x80\x99s reasonable to move it alongside whatever it is a mock of, if that makes sense
2015-09-03T16:47:50 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks, i\'ll file a jira for that
2015-09-03T16:48:00 <Bosmon7> Also I think we are increasingly happy with npm\'s ability to construct arbitrary build images using the "prepublish" step
2015-09-03T16:48:21 <Bosmon7> So I think the time has come to join the 20th century and start using "browserify" like every other sane group
2015-09-03T16:49:13 <Bosmon7> We will have it produce source maps, and then break the framework itself into at least 4 pieces, and then also turn every component into its own module
2015-09-03T16:49:50 <Bosmon7> And then we will somewhat turn our back on our ability to run our tests from the filesystem, but because of all the SOP issues this has never been completely realistic anyway
2015-09-03T16:50:20 <colinclark> Bosmon7: I guess \xe2\x80\x9cincreasingly happy\xe2\x80\x9d with npm prepublish might be slightly premature\xe2\x80\xa6
2015-09-03T16:50:24 <Bosmon7> Well
2015-09-03T16:50:28 <colinclark> \xe2\x80\x9cspeculatively optimistic\xe2\x80\x9d might be better :)
2015-09-03T16:50:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i can\'t remember the last time i ran html directly from the filesystem
2015-09-03T16:50:28 <Bosmon7> I guess I\'ve mixed up two issues here
2015-09-03T16:51:46 <Bosmon7> With browserify, we actually in theory wouldn\'t lose any further ability to run html from the filesystem
2015-09-03T16:51:54 <Bosmon7> Really, "we can\'t lose"
2015-09-03T16:51:58 <Bosmon7> But we just face a gigantic amount of work
2015-09-03T16:52:13 <Bosmon7> But at least this means that we won\'t need to support these weird things called "Infusion builds" any more
2015-09-03T16:53:04 <Bosmon7> We\'ve got a slight wrinkle with respect to serving static resources - we\'d need to write a bit of custom express code which allows it to mount resources that come with components using the "require.resolve" directive
2015-09-03T16:53:22 <Bosmon7> As well as some genuine build scripts which actually did produce builds for real production
2015-09-03T16:53:33 <Bosmon7> Well
2015-09-03T16:53:38 <Bosmon7> Yes
2015-09-03T16:53:43 <Bosmon7> I think this is right
2015-09-03T16:53:58 <Bosmon7> We then retain the ability to have a seemingly "buildless" dev cycle
2015-09-03T16:54:12 <Bosmon7> Even if we were actually editing files scattered around countless different modules
2015-09-03T16:54:51 <Bosmon7> The built-in "docpad publisher" shows that this is sort of feasible
2015-09-03T16:59:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-03T16:59:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-03T17:00:15 <colinclark> Bosmon7: In what way?
2015-09-03T17:02:05 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review this https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/632
2015-09-03T17:02:49 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2015-09-03T17:04:10 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-09-03T17:04:16 <cindyli> np
2015-09-03T17:04:19 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-09-03T17:45:16 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-03T17:53:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-09-03T17:54:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-03T18:07:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-03T18:08:19 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-03T18:18:18 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-03T18:19:42 <cindyli> Justin_o: ur pull request for FLUID-5756 has been merged
'

b'2015-09-03T01:33:26 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-03T01:50:32 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-09-03T01:55:23 * yzen_ has quit
2015-09-03T02:18:18 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-03T02:18:33 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-09-03T02:19:51 * yzen_ has quit
2015-09-03T02:20:25 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-03T02:23:05 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-09-03T02:27:37 * yzen_ has quit
2015-09-03T03:04:57 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-03T03:22:33 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-03T05:01:34 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-09-03T05:02:18 * yzen_ has quit
2015-09-03T05:49:07 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-03T05:52:28 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-03T05:52:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-03T05:53:05 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-03T06:38:41 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-09-03T07:03:17 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-09-03T07:06:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-09-03T07:23:49 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-09-03T08:44:14 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-09-03T08:46:40 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-03T09:03:46 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-09-03T09:11:25 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-03T09:12:13 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-03T09:16:45 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-03T09:30:49 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-09-03T09:35:21 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-03T09:36:16 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-09-03T09:36:49 * slim__ has quit
2015-09-03T09:40:07 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-03T09:50:20 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-03T10:07:28 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-09-03T10:09:59 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-09-03T10:11:49 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-03T10:13:17 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-09-03T10:31:01 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-03T10:39:49 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-03T11:06:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I checked in with him about that before, but I think he felt that things were good where they left off and didn\'t think a followup was needed.
2015-09-03T11:28:26 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-09-03T11:38:25 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-09-03T11:51:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m trying to upgrade the first discovery tool to the latest version of infusion. I\'ve been making a bunch of changes. I\'ve now run into an issue with the message bundles. They seem don\'t seem to be trying t fetch the localized bundles, so they are all coming back missing.
2015-09-03T12:00:06 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-09-03T12:35:45 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-09-03T12:37:28 * slim__ has quit
2015-09-03T12:50:16 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-09-03T12:51:16 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:10:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:16:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:17:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:17:53 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:20:47 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:21:31 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:24:01 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-03T13:32:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:38:30 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:39:12 <alanharnum> cindyli, do you have a few minutes to talk about chart authoring next steps?
2015-09-03T13:39:21 <cindyli> sure, alanharnum
2015-09-03T13:39:38 <cindyli> alanharnum: in the channel or vidyo?
2015-09-03T13:39:49 <alanharnum> cindyli: in channel in case anyone else has an opinion :)
2015-09-03T13:40:08 <cindyli> ok. cool. how\'s ur pull request for adding the legend wrapper component?
2015-09-03T13:40:14 * anvk joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:40:40 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:40:51 <cindyli> alanharnum: ^
2015-09-03T13:41:19 <alanharnum> cindyli: I think it\'s hopefully good to go after a few issues get fixed - I did some experimentation yesterday with wiring it together with Justin_o\'s data entry panel, which surfaced a couple of issues
2015-09-03T13:41:44 <alanharnum> mostly i\'m wondering two things...
2015-09-03T13:42:37 <alanharnum> 1) Does it make sense to treat FLOE-404 purely as the "Infusion->D3 wrapper" work, and do the work to wire together everything into an authoring component with the data entry panel as a separate Jira issue?
2015-09-03T13:43:16 <Justin_o> alanharnum: i think it makes sense to keep those pieces of work as separate tasks
2015-09-03T13:43:30 <alanharnum> 2) What\'s the next step to getting FLOE-404 into the main line of development?
2015-09-03T13:43:46 <alanharnum> Justin_o: that\'s my feeling as well
2015-09-03T13:46:13 <cindyli> alanharnum: i will have another look of ur pull request and merge it into my branch if it\'s ready. since there\'s already a pull request originated from my FLOE-404. We\'ll inform Bosmon this pull request is complete for another review
2015-09-03T13:47:52 <cindyli> alanharnum: there are some linting errors with ur pull
2015-09-03T13:48:07 <alanharnum> cindyli: I\'m not seeing any linting errors from my end :(
2015-09-03T13:48:17 <alanharnum> cindyli: is it linespacing issues?
2015-09-03T13:48:45 <cindyli> alanharnum: indentations
2015-09-03T13:48:53 <cindyli> checking..
2015-09-03T13:49:31 <alanharnum> cindyli: yeah I think I\'m having this issue with grunt/jshint flagging that: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/23097316/how-can-i-make-jshint-indent-options-work
2015-09-03T13:49:42 <alanharnum> will see if I can downgrade
2015-09-03T13:51:18 <alanharnum> cindyli: there\'s also one issue with d3ViewComponent that I think we should look at - trying to find the best place to comment inline
2015-09-03T13:51:39 <the-t-in-rtf> @alanharnum, from frequent experience with the same problem I can tell you that 2.4.0 is the last version that works.
2015-09-03T13:51:40 <cindyli> alanharnum: what\'s the issue
2015-09-03T13:52:31 <alanharnum> cindyli: gpii.d3ViewComponent.synthesizeClasses is doubling the classes when the style and selector name are the same
2015-09-03T13:53:16 <alanharnum> cindyli: so we end up with HTML like <td style="background-color: #000000;" class="gpii-ca-pieChart-legend-color-cell gpii-ca-pieChart-legend-color-cell"></td>
2015-09-03T13:53:32 <cindyli> ah ha. good catch, alanharnum. are you looking into that issue. if not, i can do it
2015-09-03T13:53:51 <alanharnum> cindyli: yeah I\'m looking into it - I just want to make sure I understand the intention of that function
2015-09-03T13:54:13 <cindyli> thanks, alanharnum. let me know if you need explanation ;)
2015-09-03T13:54:30 <alanharnum> cindyli: which is to consolidate styling classes and selector classes into one "class" in the component, correct?
2015-09-03T13:54:40 <cindyli> yes, alanharnum
2015-09-03T13:54:55 <alanharnum> cindyli: so that if the style class and the selector class are different for, say, the pie chart, the pie chart container will get both applied?
2015-09-03T13:55:14 <cindyli> that\'s true
2015-09-03T13:56:19 <alanharnum> cindyli: ok - I think I can fix this with a ternary operator inside a ternary operator, which is always my favourite :)
2015-09-03T13:56:35 <cindyli> :)
2015-09-03T13:57:17 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:57:24 <cindyli> alanharnum: there might be cases that style classes have more than one selectors
2015-09-03T13:58:18 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-03T13:58:26 <cindyli> meaning: styles: {pieChart: "gpii-style-A gpii-style-B"}
2015-09-03T14:00:20 <alanharnum> cindyli: I think the fix I just pushed should preserve that functionality while avoiding the doubling up - the tests are all passing, but it\'s possible we need some additional ones
2015-09-03T14:01:26 <cindyli> good idea of more tests, alanharnum
2015-09-03T14:02:26 <alanharnum> cindyli: wiring the D3-based components together with the data entry ones and actually playing around with an interactive version revealed some gaps in the test coverage, which I\'ll work one
2015-09-03T14:02:54 <alanharnum> good news is that I do have a (mostly) working basic implementation where you can enter labels & values, and the pie chart and legend update in turn
2015-09-03T14:03:39 <cindyli> yay! that\'s great
2015-09-03T14:03:51 <alanharnum> yeah it\'s pretty cool
2015-09-03T14:04:33 <alanharnum> i now know a lot more than i did yesterday morning about wiring Infusion components with shared models together
2015-09-03T14:05:07 <cindyli> awesome
2015-09-03T14:06:41 <alanharnum> ok, let me spend a little time adding some more test coverage for FLOE-404 in my branch
2015-09-03T14:06:56 <alanharnum> then you can review for merging into your FLOE-404 branch?
2015-09-03T14:07:16 <cindyli> nice. thanks
2015-09-03T14:07:55 <alanharnum> thanks cindyli
2015-09-03T14:08:04 <cindyli> np. thank you, alanharnum
2015-09-03T14:08:11 <alanharnum> will create a Jira for the whole authoring component as well & self-assign
2015-09-03T14:08:51 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-09-03T14:09:08 <cindyli> alanharnum: so you are thinking to work on the connector for joining the data entry form and the pie chart?
2015-09-03T14:09:26 <alanharnum> cindyli: yeah - I have that working in a basic way already
2015-09-03T14:10:05 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-03T14:10:25 <alanharnum> cindyli: mostly as a way as getting myself to understand more clearly how model relays and multi-part components work in Infusion
2015-09-03T14:10:40 <cindyli> right, alanharnum
2015-09-03T14:11:06 <alanharnum> there are some synchronization lag issues that I need to drill down into but with those FLOE-404 commits I just made, it (mostly) works
2015-09-03T14:11:49 <alanharnum> it should just be a Simple Matter of Programming\xe2\x84\xa2 to resolve that :)
2015-09-03T14:11:58 <cindyli> haha
2015-09-03T14:13:34 <cindyli> alanharnum: we have an open jira for the connector - https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-412
2015-09-03T14:14:13 <alanharnum> cindyli: ok - hadn\'t seen that for some reason
2015-09-03T14:14:15 <alanharnum> will assign myself
2015-09-03T14:14:35 <cindyli> thanks, alanharnum
2015-09-03T14:16:50 <simonjb> Bosmon: earlier in the week we discussed maybe chatting today about the hybrid flow manager -- I have plenty of other things to do and given that you are away from home, I\'m thinking next week would be better?
2015-09-03T14:18:24 <alanharnum> cindyli: i don\'t appear to have the ability to assign myself - does Michelle or someone else need to give me that ability in the project?
2015-09-03T14:18:56 <cindyli> Justin_o might have that ability too, alanharnum :)
2015-09-03T14:19:14 <cindyli> to grant ur permission or change roles
2015-09-03T14:20:47 <cindyli> alanharnum: ur name is not in the assignee list yet. Justin_o, would you be able to help
2015-09-03T14:21:10 <cindyli> i was wrong, it IS there
2015-09-03T14:21:15 <Justin_o> cindyli,alanharnum: i\'ve changed your status alanharnum in jira so you should be able tot assign tasks to yourself
2015-09-03T14:21:42 <cindyli> cool, however, i just assigned the jira to u, alanharnum :)
2015-09-03T14:22:00 <gtirloni> uh oh!
2015-09-03T14:24:28 <alanharnum> thank you for this coordinated effort :)
2015-09-03T14:24:39 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-03T14:24:40 * alanharnum resumes breaking tests
2015-09-03T14:27:12 <anastasiac> cindyli, I\xe2\x80\x99m wondering if you migh have some time today to have another look at the FD tool tutorial draft. I\xe2\x80\x99ve made lots of changes, and would value your thoughts.
2015-09-03T14:27:35 <cindyli> sure, anastasiac
2015-09-03T14:28:58 <anastasiac> thanks, cindyli. The \xe2\x80\x98styling\xe2\x80\x99 section is still pretty empty, but the rest is (hopefully) close to final. I have some comments that are kind of questions for reviewers, so if you have any thoughts, please comment.
2015-09-03T14:29:11 * anastasiac has left the channel
2015-09-03T14:29:22 <cindyli> ok
2015-09-03T14:29:27 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-09-03T14:39:01 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-03T14:41:23 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-03T14:52:41 * colinclark has quit
2015-09-03T15:03:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-03T15:12:44 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-09-03T15:32:27 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-03T15:37:39 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-09-03T15:42:25 <Justin_o> cindyli: in regards to some of the things you were mentioning on standup about couchdb. if i\'m not mistaken there aren\'t really any tables there.. everything is a document. you could think of it as a collection of JSON documents. So you would have a document for each user, for example
'

