b"2015-04-23T17:27:26 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T17:34:55 <sepideh> danaayotte wireframes look great! I think showing the progress bar on the language page has made the process very clear.
2015-04-23T17:41:01 <danaayotte> thanks sepideh, having the progress bar show up right away was actually a decision made to make implementation quicker for now - but it's interesting - I agree with your comment. originally the intention was to keep that first screen as simple as possible, but it may have ended up adding more confusion by having the progress bar show up a a later step
2015-04-23T17:59:48 * avtar has quit
2015-04-23T18:10:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-23T18:11:46 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-23T18:27:16 * sepideh has quit
2015-04-23T18:27:31 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-23T18:29:21 * Jess_ has quit
2015-04-23T18:33:52 * sepideh has quit
2015-04-23T18:34:22 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-23T18:39:53 * sepideh has quit
2015-04-23T18:40:23 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-23T18:51:22 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-04-23T19:01:18 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-04-23T19:07:03 <simonjb> hey Justin_o: I've pushed up changes with fixes for your review of FLOE-301
2015-04-23T19:08:58 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks.. i'll take another look
2015-04-23T19:09:09 <simonjb> thanks Justin_o
2015-04-23T19:25:29 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-04-23T19:31:05 <simonjb> Justin_o: I was thinking about the 26 + 3 jqUnit.expect() that you commented on -- I'd like to keep the 26 somehow visible and one option I thought of was to split out the lower case letters case from the others -- into 2 separate tests -- what would you think of that approach?
2015-04-23T19:32:15 <Justin_o> simonjb: yah.. i think would make sense too..
2015-04-23T19:32:26 <Justin_o> what about the other case like this with the 26 * 2...
2015-04-23T19:32:32 <simonjb> Justin_o: yeah, that one also
2015-04-23T19:32:55 <simonjb> Justin_o: I'll split them both into lower case letters and others
2015-04-23T19:33:19 <Justin_o> simonjb: okay... i'll keep looking through the rest...
2015-04-23T19:33:28 <simonjb> great, thanks
2015-04-23T19:47:52 <simonjb> Justin_o: done
2015-04-23T19:47:59 <Justin_o> simonjb: great thanks
2015-04-23T19:51:09 * clown joined the channel
2015-04-23T19:56:59 <simonjb> sorry Justin_o: one more very small commit (a terminology fix in comments)
2015-04-23T19:57:13 <Justin_o> simonjb: no problem, thanks
2015-04-23T19:58:25 * avtar joined the channel
2015-04-23T20:04:30 <Justin_o> simonjb: merged your FLOE-301 pull request
2015-04-23T20:05:04 <simonjb> thanks Justin_o
2015-04-23T20:22:14 * anvk has quit
2015-04-23T20:32:40 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-23T20:38:04 * clown has left the channel
2015-04-23T20:38:37 * anastasiac has quit
2015-04-23T20:43:30 * cindyli has quit
2015-04-23T20:43:40 * sepideh has left the channel
2015-04-23T20:56:35 * jhung has quit
2015-04-23T21:32:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-04-23T21:37:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T21:39:42 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T21:43:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T22:04:44 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T22:11:53 * avtar has left the channel
2015-04-23T23:44:54 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-23T23:48:03 * jhung joined the channel
2015-04-23T23:48:47 * jhung has quit
"

b'2015-04-23T00:01:37 * avtar has quit
2015-04-23T00:39:26 * yzen joined the channel
2015-04-23T01:56:08 * yzen joined the channel
2015-04-23T01:58:19 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-04-23T03:24:52 * yzen joined the channel
2015-04-23T06:06:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T06:06:43 <kasparnet> `
2015-04-23T06:17:32 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T06:18:07 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T06:22:38 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T06:51:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T07:27:08 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-04-23T07:44:21 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-04-23T07:44:21 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-04-23T08:06:21 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T11:01:09 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-04-23T11:02:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T11:04:17 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-04-23T11:34:23 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T11:43:49 * jhung joined the channel
2015-04-23T12:03:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T12:43:41 * yzen joined the channel
2015-04-23T12:49:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-04-23T13:19:09 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-23T13:24:31 * anvk joined the channel
2015-04-23T13:27:16 * ashopin joined the channel
2015-04-23T13:28:16 <ashopin> Good morning everyone. I\'ve been working on and off on a Fluidproject UI options module for Drupal for the last couple of months. It went through all the review cycles and it\'s finally approved. https://www.drupal.org/project/fluidui
2015-04-23T14:01:18 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-04-23T14:02:40 <Justin_o> simonjb: I left some comments on the FLOE-301 pull request.
2015-04-23T14:03:26 <simonjb> thanks Justin_o, I\'ll look at them now
2015-04-23T14:04:10 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks
2015-04-23T14:12:55 * yzen joined the channel
2015-04-23T14:13:42 <Justin_o> simonjb: just remembered that the input needs to have a tooltip
2015-04-23T14:13:58 <Justin_o> simonjb: do you think this should be attached by the parent or the keyboardInput component?
2015-04-23T14:14:50 <simonjb> Justin_o: what is the purpose of the tooltip?
2015-04-23T14:15:15 <Justin_o> It says "Select to begin typing"
2015-04-23T14:15:41 <Justin_o> but i think it is supposed to close when the user starts typing
2015-04-23T14:15:43 <Justin_o> simonjb: ^
2015-04-23T14:16:38 <simonjb> Justin_o: maybe the keyboardInput component should manage it then
2015-04-23T14:17:06 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T14:17:21 <Justin_o> simonjb: okay.. thanks would you be able to add that to your pull request?
2015-04-23T14:17:58 <simonjb> Justin_o: I\'d rather add the tooltip as a separate piece of work
2015-04-23T14:18:04 <Justin_o> simonjb: sure
2015-04-23T14:18:09 <simonjb> and get 301 merged sooner
2015-04-23T14:18:34 <simonjb> Justin_o: do we have a design showing the tooltip?
2015-04-23T14:19:02 <Justin_o> simonjb: yes, it\'s in the latest wireframes.. i\'ll see if i can find the link
2015-04-23T14:19:08 <simonjb> thanks
2015-04-23T14:19:27 <Justin_o> simonjb: we have an attachTooltip grade that you should be able to add. cindyli should be able to help you with that too.
2015-04-23T14:19:54 * avtar joined the channel
2015-04-23T14:23:37 <Justin_o> simonjb: here are the wireframes https://www.dropbox.com/s/4nxvybp4d6rcb03/FD%20tool%20for%20May%202015%20workshop.pdf?dl=0
2015-04-23T14:25:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T14:29:00 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-04-23T14:31:47 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T14:32:38 <Bosmon> Hi ashopin - that is marvellous news!
2015-04-23T14:32:44 <Bosmon> Thanks so much on your work with that
2015-04-23T14:32:50 <Bosmon> Let us know if we can give you any help
2015-04-23T14:33:04 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think I decided to have the "autoInit" revolution after all :)
2015-04-23T14:33:13 <ashopin> Bosmon, the fluid team has helped along the way quite a bit with implementing multilingual strings
2015-04-23T14:33:32 <ashopin> Nothing like it exists for drupal so I\'m hoping for a healthy adoption
2015-04-23T14:33:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what changed your mind about "autoInit"?
2015-04-23T14:33:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the fact that I thought I could do it :)
2015-04-23T14:34:07 <Bosmon> Everyone has to rewrite all their gradeName lists anyway
2015-04-23T14:34:10 <Bosmon> So it may as well be now
2015-04-23T14:34:15 <Bosmon> It\'s looking pretty good
2015-04-23T14:34:28 <Bosmon> Just doing a search and replace on 880 instances of "autoInit" in the framework : P
2015-04-23T14:34:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T14:35:09 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I\xe2\x80\x99ve updated the FLOE-302 pull request
2015-04-23T14:35:12 <simonjb> Justin_o: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-307 and I\'ll add to the iteration plan page
2015-04-23T14:37:17 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks
2015-04-23T14:37:22 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'ll take another look at it
2015-04-23T14:37:49 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T14:38:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, that\'s a lot of changes. Hopefully there\'ll be no side effects for those grades that were defined without it before.
2015-04-23T14:38:23 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-04-23T14:38:59 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there are a few small pieces of fallout
2015-04-23T14:39:01 <Bosmon> Nothing too serious
2015-04-23T14:39:14 <simonjb> Justin_o: regarding the naming of
2015-04-23T14:39:16 <Bosmon> fluid.deadMansBlur tried to create a "false components" with just options in it
2015-04-23T14:39:27 <Bosmon> And Builder tests explicitly check for grade "autoInit"...
2015-04-23T14:40:47 <simonjb> Justin_o: regarding the naming of "gpii.firstDiscovery.charFromKeypress", in other cases we have used a more generic namespace where the functionality isn\'t specific to where it is used -- do we have an agreed practice on situations like this?
2015-04-23T14:43:00 <Justin_o> simonjb: were they also only used with a single grade, if that\'s the case i\'m not sure. Maybe Bosmon would have a thought.
2015-04-23T14:43:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-04-23T14:44:04 <Justin_o> anastasiac: the welcome page text implementation differs from the design by an "it". Both would read fine. Was this intentional, should it be changed?
2015-04-23T14:44:39 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I followed the new text provided by dana, so it was intentional
2015-04-23T14:46:35 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay, thanks
2015-04-23T14:57:31 * clown joined the channel
2015-04-23T14:58:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - It\'s done :)  https://github.com/amb26/infusion/commit/85a6d427cb428cd939b32a151fddeaab3c7ddf2c
2015-04-23T15:01:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: nice, other than touching 96 files, the change is actually pretty small
2015-04-23T15:02:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o yes well, all the substantial changes were earlier in the branch, where I removed all the remaining components that we had that used manual init ....
2015-04-23T15:03:11 <Justin_o> ah
2015-04-23T15:03:26 <Bosmon> This final removal just shook out a few final apples I\'d forgotten in FluidView and FluidViewTests
2015-04-23T15:04:28 <Bosmon> And of course a very ancestral test in FluidJSTests.js that assumed that it is value to just issue something random like fluid.defaults({foo: "bar"})
2015-04-23T15:04:32 <Bosmon> valid
2015-04-23T15:09:48 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2015-04-23T15:35:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are gradeNames required, or will it default to fluid.component?
2015-04-23T15:35:56 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'ve merge the FLOE-302 pull request
2015-04-23T15:36:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-04-23T15:39:24 * ashopin has left the channel
2015-04-23T15:39:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - they are absolutely required
2015-04-23T15:39:49 <Bosmon> Since you need to indicate whether the root is fluid.component or fluid.function
2015-04-23T15:40:06 <Bosmon> It will only try to make a creator function in the former case
2015-04-23T15:40:08 <Bosmon> Or if it can\'t tell
2015-04-23T15:44:31 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-23T15:45:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T15:47:46 <Justin_o> what does fluid.function do?
2015-04-23T16:00:47 * jhung has quit
2015-04-23T16:02:01 * jhung joined the channel
2015-04-23T16:11:24 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-04-23T16:15:19 <anastasiac> danaayotte, the wireframes you prepared for the workshop are not linked to from the PGA wiki page. Was there a particular reason for that?
2015-04-23T16:15:45 <danaayotte> no good reason anastasiac. sorry. I\'ll post them
2015-04-23T16:15:54 <anastasiac> thanks
2015-04-23T16:16:36 <anastasiac> and danaayotte, regarding the tooltips on the language selection page. Each of the \xe2\x80\x9cSelect for <language>\xe2\x80\x9d should be in that particular language, and should not translate ever, right?
2015-04-23T16:19:13 <danaayotte> that is correct anastasiac
2015-04-23T16:21:00 * kasparnet has quit
2015-04-23T16:23:03 * clown joined the channel
2015-04-23T16:37:45 <anastasiac> jhung, I\xe2\x80\x99ve been doing some wiki gardening, and I moved the Infusion docs planning stuff from the iteration page to the docs planning page: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Infusion+Documentation+Plan
2015-04-23T16:38:02 <jhung> anastasiac: I saw. Thanks!
2015-04-23T16:38:02 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-04-23T16:39:51 <anastasiac> danaayotte, I\xe2\x80\x99m still not clear on how the Crestron panel will allow us to specify that we want to join the fluid-standup room for standup, and how that process will differ if we want to connect somewhere else \xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0say, the personal room of a remote person. Are you able to clarify?
2015-04-23T16:43:55 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-04-23T16:44:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-04-23T16:45:31 <danaayotte> anastasiac give me a minute...
2015-04-23T16:47:41 <danaayotte> just discussing with jessm anastasiac - as I am still not totally clear!
2015-04-23T16:48:02 <danaayotte> Jess_ that is
2015-04-23T16:48:18 <anastasiac> ok, danaayotte. Maybe I\xe2\x80\x99ll check with Bert, he might know how it works \xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0independent of the panel you\xe2\x80\x99re designing
2015-04-23T16:48:30 <Jess_> Jess_ is jessm for the record :)
2015-04-23T16:48:47 <Jess_> ok, anastasiac and other curious Vidyo users:
2015-04-23T16:49:14 <Jess_> there are 3 things in Vidyo:
2015-04-23T16:49:15 <Jess_> 1. a physical room with a "window into that room" -- which is what the Crestron will launch us into
2015-04-23T16:49:16 <Jess_> 2. a virtual room where folks can meet in the air -- what fluid_standup has been for us in lieu of the window into 220
2015-04-23T16:49:17 <Jess_> 3. direct, one to one chit chats
2015-04-23T16:50:07 <Jess_> there will be no \xe2\x80\x9clogging into Vidyo\xe2\x80\x9d required when you go into 220. you\xe2\x80\x99d just choose vid. conferencing and be in teh 220 \xe2\x80\x9cwindow into the room"
2015-04-23T16:50:54 <Jess_> if you needed to log into Vidyo for some reason you could though \xe2\x80\x94 by using your laptop or iPad or other device and then using the monitors that will be in that room to share \xe2\x80\x94 and inviting that \xe2\x80\x9cwindow in the room 220\xe2\x80\x9d into your \xe2\x80\x9cair\xe2\x80\x9d room
2015-04-23T16:50:59 <Jess_> are you adequately confused?
2015-04-23T16:51:30 <Jess_> there will be training for us all
2015-04-23T16:51:41 <anastasiac> ah, ok, i think I\xe2\x80\x99m getting it. The setup in the collab room will essentially create a fixed virtual room that others can join; this is a different virtual room than fluid-standup
2015-04-23T16:52:15 <Jess_> anastasiac: roger that
2015-04-23T16:53:00 <anastasiac> so I can\xe2\x80\x99t really think of a use case for this, but it seems that it wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t be possible to go into the collab room and join the fluid-standup virtual room using that setup
2015-04-23T16:53:36 <Jess_> yes, you can \xe2\x80\x94 as i mentioned above \xe2\x80\x94 you can invite the room into standup
2015-04-23T16:54:42 <Jess_> or you can log into vidyo within that physical 220 room and project it on the screen if you want
2015-04-23T16:54:47 <anastasiac> ah, ok, now I think I see what that meant. So the hardware in the collab space can\xe2\x80\x99t connect to something other than its own virtual space without being invited
2015-04-23T16:55:23 <Jess_> no, it can join meetings
2015-04-23T16:55:24 <Jess_> we\xe2\x80\x99re going to iron out how best to do standup
2015-04-23T16:57:22 <danaayotte> anastasiac: I didn\'t include the video main controls screen in the stuff I sent out because the details haven\'t bee entirely worked out yet - it will probably help to clarify once we can look at that
2015-04-23T16:58:02 <anastasiac> np, danaayotte, I just wasn\xe2\x80\x99t sure how to comment on the designs since I wasn\xe2\x80\x99t sure exaclty what it did :=-)
2015-04-23T16:58:11 <danaayotte> fair enough!
2015-04-23T16:58:50 <Jess_> anastasiac: it\xe2\x80\x99s confusing conceptually \xe2\x80\x94 totally
2015-04-23T16:58:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-04-23T17:06:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-04-23T17:25:34 <danaayotte> anastasiac: PGA wireframes for workshop added to wiki http://wiki.fluidproject.org/download/attachments/40797428/FD%20tool%20for%20May%202015%20workshop.pdf
2015-04-23T17:25:50 <anastasiac> excellent, thanks danaayotte
'

