b'2015-08-12T18:26:16 <gtirloni> that can be done, i think the /development and /<tag name> arrangement sounds good
2015-08-12T18:26:34 <gtirloni> i just have to iterate over that and call the appropriate docpad commands to build it
2015-08-12T18:27:00 <gtirloni> not sure about docpad though, i\'ll have to do some reading i guess.. but it\'s seems simple enough
2015-08-12T18:27:12 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-08-12T18:27:32 <Justin_o> colinclark: that seems right but we should also go ahead and deploy the 1.5 docs while we\'re at it
2015-08-12T18:27:51 <Justin_o> that is, if we are going to deploy tagged versions, we might as well deploy them all
2015-08-12T18:28:47 <colinclark> anastasiac: Can you help gtirloni if he has any questions about docpad?
2015-08-12T18:28:54 <colinclark> Justin_o: Is there a 1.5 version of the documentation?
2015-08-12T18:29:02 <anastasiac> of course, I\xe2\x80\x99ll do my best
2015-08-12T18:29:36 <colinclark> Looks like there is this tag: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/tree/infusion-1.5-docs
2015-08-12T18:30:13 <colinclark> but maybe it hasn\'t been deployed anywhere?
2015-08-12T18:30:14 * slim_ has quit
2015-08-12T18:30:55 <colinclark> seems like we\'d just have to change the tag name to 1.5.0 and, once gtirloni has done his magic, it will be automatically deployed
2015-08-12T18:31:00 <colinclark> assuming we do want to go ahead with this plan
2015-08-12T18:31:09 <colinclark> anastasiac, Justin_o: Does it all seem sensible?
2015-08-12T18:32:14 <anastasiac> colinclark, yes that makes sense if we include someone at least double-checking that that branch is ok
2015-08-12T18:35:14 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2015-08-12T18:35:19 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, it\'s not deployed, and plan seems sensible
2015-08-12T18:35:35 <Justin_o> it would be good to check in with simonjb though when he\'s back, he might have some thoughts on this too
2015-08-12T18:35:43 <colinclark> great, let\'s
2015-08-12T18:35:49 <colinclark> in the meantime, let\'s rock the plan
2015-08-12T18:36:07 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: the community meeting will be in the fluid-standup vidyo room if you are remote and locally in the collaboration room. We\'ll be doing a design crit let by maozillah
2015-08-12T18:36:42 <colinclark> Here\'s the 1.9.x branch for the documentation site: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/tree/1.9.x
2015-08-12T18:36:43 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-08-12T18:37:31 * cindyli has quit
2015-08-12T18:37:59 <gtirloni> Justin_o, i see the collab room is open, i tried to invite it to fluid_standup it doesn\'t seem possible
2015-08-12T18:38:32 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-12T18:38:38 <gtirloni> I remember Jess saying the videoconference couldn\'t be started in the collab room, prior to inviting it
2015-08-12T18:39:37 * anastasiac has quit
2015-08-12T18:39:38 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2015-08-12T18:39:50 <colinclark> And here\'s the JIRA to cover version changes in the 1.9.x branch of the docs repository: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5741
2015-08-12T18:40:20 <anastasiac> fluid-everyone: we\xe2\x80\x99ll be having the community meeting in the fluid-standup vidyo room
2015-08-12T18:41:26 * gtirloni has quit
2015-08-12T18:43:14 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-08-12T18:44:32 * gtirloni has quit
2015-08-12T18:49:28 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-08-12T19:08:13 * avtar joined the channel
2015-08-12T19:28:52 * anastasiac has quit
2015-08-12T19:29:00 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-12T19:29:05 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-12T19:30:37 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-12T19:31:42 <maozillah> anybody have experience with guava eating
2015-08-12T19:39:56 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-08-12T19:44:26 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-12T19:44:52 <gtirloni> it\'s very common here
2015-08-12T19:45:35 <maozillah> pls share ur experience
2015-08-12T19:45:54 <maozillah> wiki says you can eat with soy sauce? pls advise
2015-08-12T19:46:55 <gtirloni> well, i\'ve never seen anyone eat it here with soy sauce.. it seems strange (because it\'d be salty i guess)
2015-08-12T19:47:03 <gtirloni> here it\'s more common to associate it with sweet things
2015-08-12T19:47:09 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-12T19:47:18 <gtirloni> so raw, with sugar, in milk shakes, smoothies
2015-08-12T19:47:55 <gtirloni> i usually it eat it raw, the red variety. there is a variety we commonly call "white"... not a big fan.
2015-08-12T19:51:28 <maozillah> hmmm, smoothies seems like a good idea, do you commonly get rid of the seeds first?
2015-08-12T19:52:18 <maozillah> I think i just ate the \xe2\x80\x9cwhite\xe2\x80\x9d variety
2015-08-12T19:52:23 <maozillah> the red looks much nicer
2015-08-12T19:53:36 <gtirloni> the red feels sweeter
2015-08-12T19:53:50 <gtirloni> i don\'t usually get rid of the seeds.. i think that\'d be nice if you\'ve the patience
2015-08-12T19:54:34 <gtirloni> this is what we call "white" (seems to be called green apply guava in some places) - http://greensuperfoods.us/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/guava-leaf-1024x782.jpg
2015-08-12T19:54:44 <gtirloni> and the red one - http://www.speedyremedies.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/guavas.jpg
2015-08-12T19:59:18 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-12T19:59:55 <maozillah> ok yeah I definitely had the white ones
2015-08-12T20:00:01 <maozillah> the red ones look like little watermelons
2015-08-12T20:00:10 <maozillah> C:
2015-08-12T20:07:48 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-08-12T20:08:48 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-12T20:23:28 * maozillah_ joined the channel
2015-08-12T20:26:30 * maozillah has quit
2015-08-12T20:31:54 * cindyli1 has quit
2015-08-12T20:36:38 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-12T20:37:32 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-12T20:42:11 * slim__ has quit
2015-08-12T21:01:27 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-08-12T21:10:46 * Jess_ has quit
2015-08-12T21:11:54 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-12T21:11:55 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2015-08-12T21:11:59 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-12T21:23:19 * maozillah has quit
2015-08-12T21:25:27 * anastasiac has quit
2015-08-12T21:56:48 * kasparne_ has quit
2015-08-12T22:09:06 * Justin_o has quit
2015-08-12T23:06:28 * murilocrivellari has quit
'

b'2015-08-12T01:19:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-12T01:23:55 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-12T01:31:53 * gtirloni has quit
2015-08-12T06:42:59 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-08-12T06:54:15 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-12T08:04:09 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-12T08:31:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-12T09:08:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-08-12T10:41:33 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-12T10:54:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-12T11:06:00 <jhernandez> Bosmon: bonjour
2015-08-12T11:09:51 <jhernandez> in order to bring the brightness back in linux (do you remember that I removed it from xrandr due to some problems?), I\'m writing a simple node add-on to make this possible
2015-08-12T11:10:14 <Bosmon> jhernandez - VVERNNANDDEZZ!
2015-08-12T11:10:25 <jhernandez> :)
2015-08-12T11:10:48 <jhernandez> do you want me to push it directly to our GPII organization?
2015-08-12T11:11:10 <jhernandez> it\'s just a wrapper around xbacklight
2015-08-12T11:11:17 <Bosmon> jhernandez - what is it?
2015-08-12T11:11:50 <jhernandez> http://linux.die.net/man/1/xbacklight
2015-08-12T11:12:02 <Bosmon> jhernandez - and what is your wrapper made of?
2015-08-12T11:12:17 <jhernandez> call xbacklight appropiately
2015-08-12T11:12:53 <jhernandez> is just the original xbacklight code + the node-related things
2015-08-12T11:13:17 <Bosmon> jhernandez - which node-related things?
2015-08-12T11:14:10 <Bosmon> jhernandez - I suggest you create a new empty GPII repo and a pull request against it from your fork of it
2015-08-12T11:14:13 <jhernandez> init the add-on, create functions to be called from js and some minor adjustments  in xbaclight source code
2015-08-12T11:14:42 <jhernandez> ok
2015-08-12T11:14:43 <jhernandez> right
2015-08-12T11:14:47 <jhernandez> good idea
2015-08-12T11:14:49 <jhernandez> will do that
2015-08-12T11:15:16 <jhernandez> thanks
2015-08-12T11:15:19 <jhernandez> I mean
2015-08-12T11:15:26 <Bosmon> np, VVERNNANNDEZZ!!
2015-08-12T11:15:27 <jhernandez> merci beaucoup ANTVANIQUE!
2015-08-12T12:03:56 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-12T12:10:33 * slim_ has quit
2015-08-12T12:24:03 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-08-12T12:25:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-12T12:40:36 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-08-12T12:55:09 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-08-12T13:00:17 * yzen joined the channel
2015-08-12T13:06:49 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-08-12T13:29:19 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-12T13:32:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-08-12T13:34:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-08-12T13:34:29 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-08-12T13:36:02 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-08-12T13:38:32 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-08-12T13:43:48 * yzen joined the channel
2015-08-12T13:49:25 * slim_ has quit
2015-08-12T14:17:28 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-08-12T14:28:13 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-08-12T14:38:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-08-12T14:39:10 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-08-12T14:59:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-08-12T14:59:17 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-08-12T15:05:11 * ewbjr has quit
2015-08-12T15:05:48 * ewbjr joined the channel
2015-08-12T15:24:30 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-08-12T15:29:47 * yzen_ joined the channel
2015-08-12T15:33:48 * simonjb has quit
2015-08-12T15:36:17 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-12T15:48:47 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-12T15:54:45 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-08-12T15:59:48 * avtar joined the channel
2015-08-12T16:05:52 <kasparnet> colinclark, sgithens, Bosmon, jhernandez: arch meeting
2015-08-12T16:10:46 * anvk joined the channel
2015-08-12T16:22:50 * sepideh has quit
2015-08-12T16:28:22 * cindyli has quit
2015-08-12T16:41:56 * anastasiac has quit
2015-08-12T16:51:58 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-08-12T16:55:25 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-08-12T16:55:32 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-08-12T17:01:54 * kasparnet has quit
2015-08-12T17:14:21 <Justin_o> cindyli: I\'ve merged your FLOE-396 pull request
2015-08-12T17:15:00 <cindyli> YAY thanks, Justin_o
2015-08-12T17:29:51 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-08-12T17:55:18 <cindyli> Justin_o: can you review my pull request that adds tests for the scrolling feature on the language panel - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/94
2015-08-12T18:04:02 <colinclark> Justin_o: I guess there\'s nothing stopping me from SHIPPING IT, is there?
2015-08-12T18:04:13 <colinclark> it seems like such a massive thing to merge...
2015-08-12T18:04:42 <Justin_o> colinclark: it\'s more like an island than i ship i guess
2015-08-12T18:04:48 <colinclark> lol
2015-08-12T18:05:31 <Justin_o> I don\'t think there is anything stopping you though, now that the branch is made.. are there documentation pulls too?
2015-08-12T18:05:45 <Justin_o> ^ the 1.9.x branch
2015-08-12T18:06:53 <colinclark> Yes, there is a documentation pull request
2015-08-12T18:06:56 <colinclark> I haven\'t yet reviewed it
2015-08-12T18:07:07 <colinclark> anastasiac and Justin_o: Have you looked at it all?
2015-08-12T18:07:35 <Justin_o> colinclark: i haven\'t
2015-08-12T18:07:39 <colinclark> I believe this is the one: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/63
2015-08-12T18:07:48 <colinclark> Do we have any mechanism for versioning our new docs site?
2015-08-12T18:07:53 <colinclark> or does it always just reflect the oldest?
2015-08-12T18:08:04 <colinclark> Sorry, newest :)
2015-08-12T18:08:06 <anastasiac> I have not looked at a docs pull request, but I can. This is for the monster branch, right?
2015-08-12T18:08:15 <colinclark> yes, I believe so
2015-08-12T18:08:28 <colinclark> I guess at very least we should be branching the infusion-docs site, too
2015-08-12T18:08:30 <anastasiac> we had planned for the url of the docs to reflect the version
2015-08-12T18:08:36 <colinclark> aha, cool
2015-08-12T18:08:44 <colinclark> does anything in particular need to be done for that to work?
2015-08-12T18:08:49 <anastasiac> so \xe2\x80\x9cdevelopment\xe2\x80\x9d in the url means \xe2\x80\x9cmaster\xe2\x80\x9d
2015-08-12T18:08:53 <colinclark> aha
2015-08-12T18:08:59 <anastasiac> and a version-specific version would have that version
2015-08-12T18:09:02 <anastasiac> obviously
2015-08-12T18:09:03 <colinclark> yup
2015-08-12T18:09:05 <colinclark> that makes sense
2015-08-12T18:09:15 <colinclark> I don\'t know much about how the deployment workflow goes for the new docs site
2015-08-12T18:09:25 <colinclark> does anything special need to happen?
2015-08-12T18:09:35 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m not sure we really ironed out a workflow for versioning yet
2015-08-12T18:10:14 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m not even quite sure of the workflow for deploying the development site
2015-08-12T18:10:25 <anastasiac> I know how to build it, locally, for testing
2015-08-12T18:10:50 <colinclark> gtirloni: Wouldn\'t it be marvellous if all the developers had to do was tag the doc site and it would just get deployed automatically? :)
2015-08-12T18:10:56 <anastasiac> Justin_o, do you recall if the docs site has an automatic deploy on commit for master? gtirloni?
2015-08-12T18:11:21 <colinclark> continuous update of the "development" version when pushes to master happen, and automatic deployment of versioned docs from a tag or branch
2015-08-12T18:13:14 <anastasiac> colinclark, Justin_o, I will have a look at the docs pull request for the master branch, but it would probably be good for someone to at least give it a quick check for technical correctness/completeness. I can compare the docs changes to code changes, but that will be time-consuming
2015-08-12T18:13:23 <colinclark> I\'m having a look now, yes
2015-08-12T18:14:12 <colinclark> hey maozillah, do you have a quick sec for a logical question?
2015-08-12T18:14:32 <maozillah> colinclark: yep did you want to pop by?
2015-08-12T18:14:36 <colinclark> sure, thanks
2015-08-12T18:14:39 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'m not sure, it\'s probably a process that is manually triggered via docpad
2015-08-12T18:15:48 <Justin_o> colinclark: in regards to versioning, we should be tagging the docs-repo along side infusion. They should be matching essentially, although we only deploy the latest (i.e. master) right now.
2015-08-12T18:15:52 <gtirloni> colinclark, that sure would be good. if we can agreed on a tag i can get that implemented :)
2015-08-12T18:17:09 <colinclark> Justin_o: Yep, I agree
2015-08-12T18:17:19 <colinclark> the only question is what to do with the 1.9.x branch...
2015-08-12T18:17:30 <colinclark> but I guess we can pretty much just call this a 1.9.0 release and keep on going
2015-08-12T18:17:35 <Justin_o> colinclark: i guess we\'ll have to branch that, we can add tags in the branch
2015-08-12T18:17:42 <colinclark> right
2015-08-12T18:18:01 <colinclark> Do you think that makes sense? We\'ll tag the current head of 1.9.x as 1.9.0, at least in terms of the doc site?
2015-08-12T18:19:02 <Justin_o> colinclark: it\'s hard to tell, because there are things in there like http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/APIChangesFrom1_5To2_0.html
2015-08-12T18:19:34 <gtirloni> anastasiac, i think we just hav eto push to the "gh-pages" that and github will update the docs site
2015-08-12T18:19:39 <colinclark> These look like they\'re all pre-2.0 changes, Justin_o
2015-08-12T18:19:49 <colinclark> so we can just change the version number in the 1.9.x branch, too
2015-08-12T18:19:52 <anastasiac> ah, right, gtirloni
2015-08-12T18:20:11 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, we\'ll need to make that change.. but i think we should do that before tagging
2015-08-12T18:20:18 <colinclark> Justin_o: Yup, exactly
2015-08-12T18:20:20 <colinclark> So the workflow...
2015-08-12T18:20:26 <colinclark> 1. Branch infusion-docs from master
2015-08-12T18:20:33 <Justin_o> colinclark: also it begs the question of whether or not that doc should still be in the master.. maybe, i\'m not sure
2015-08-12T18:20:39 <colinclark> (which will be 1.9.x)
2015-08-12T18:20:55 <colinclark> 2. Decrement references to Infusion 2.0 down to Infusion 1.9
2015-08-12T18:21:06 <colinclark> 3. Create a 1.9.0 tag from the 1.9.x branch
2015-08-12T18:21:33 <colinclark> Deploy that documentation to the site at the URL http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/1.9.0
2015-08-12T18:21:52 <colinclark> And, any time after step #1, merge in the 2.0 pull request
2015-08-12T18:21:56 <colinclark> Seem right, Justin_o?
2015-08-12T18:23:20 <colinclark> Looks like the Component Grade Changes section needs to be removed from the 1.9.x branch, but it looks like everything else on that page is relevant to 1.9.x
2015-08-12T18:24:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-08-12T18:24:12 <colinclark> gtirloni: So what would have to do to fully automate this?
2015-08-12T18:24:19 <colinclark> I\'m sort of assuming that the ideal case is this:
2015-08-12T18:24:41 <colinclark> a) The master branch automatically gets deployed at /development whenever changes are pushed to it
2015-08-12T18:24:48 * avtar has quit
2015-08-12T18:24:54 <colinclark> b) all tags are automatically deployed to /<tag name>
2015-08-12T18:25:29 <colinclark> That way, anyone in the community with push access to the repository can automatically update the site without any knowledge of or access to the underlying infrastructure
2015-08-12T18:25:37 <colinclark> is this crazy talk, gtirloni? :)
2015-08-12T18:25:57 <gtirloni> haha no
'

