b'2015-12-10T21:01:28 <colinclark> and the FD tool can invoke that
2015-12-10T21:02:16 <bens_> ok great.. so future vision could be a "First Discovery Terminal" that allows users new to GPII to determine preferences, pick a blank USB/NFC out of a bucket, and walk away able to use any gpii enabled device
2015-12-10T21:02:43 <colinclark> Yup, exactly
2015-12-10T21:02:54 <colinclark> I assume we might even want to do that for the PGA pilot evaluation
2015-12-10T21:04:07 <bens_> what does APCP stand for? Atom.... Preferences Control Panel?
2015-12-10T21:04:50 <colinclark> sadly we have overlapping acronyms :(
2015-12-10T21:05:07 <colinclark> It\'s the U.S. Department of Education-funded GPII production project
2015-12-10T21:05:14 <colinclark> I\'ll have to look up the acronym :)
2015-12-10T21:05:17 <clown> Bosmon, here\'s one place where Nan says something about the Isolate.  I\'m digesting it: https://github.com/nodejs/nan/blob/master/doc/v8_misc.md#user-content-nangetcurrentcontext
2015-12-10T21:05:24 <colinclark> but IBM will be involved in it, too
2015-12-10T21:05:51 <Bosmon> clown - sure, but it doesn\'t appear to relate to the API we are actually using
2015-12-10T21:05:56 <colinclark> bens_: "Automated Personalization Computing Project"
2015-12-10T21:06:36 <bens_> colinclark, ahh ok. Matt and I met with the IBM PM from that over the phone yesterday just to say hi. This is the one out of Wisconsin?
2015-12-10T21:06:48 <colinclark> bens_: http://www.ed.gov/news/press-releases/us-department-education-awards-20-million-increase-access-information-and-communication-technologies-individuals-disabilities
2015-12-10T21:06:52 <colinclark> Yep, that\'s the one
2015-12-10T21:07:17 <colinclark> It was Karen you met with yesterday? She\'s really nice.
2015-12-10T21:07:49 <bens_> Yep thats her
2015-12-10T21:07:57 <colinclark> cool, that\'s great
2015-12-10T21:10:47 <zamcnema> Hello everyone, I\'m actually trying to get the first discovery tool to communicate with the preferences server on bluemix, but I\'m running into some communication issues involving CORS.
2015-12-10T21:11:02 <zamcnema> I found this: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-185
2015-12-10T21:11:59 <zamcnema> due to the nature of bluemix, I\'m not really sure how to get CORS configuration set up in the file as part of the docker.
2015-12-10T21:12:52 <zamcnema> I\'m using docker-preferences-server
2015-12-10T21:20:03 <bens_> zamcnema: is this in your organization the teams?
2015-12-10T21:20:12 <bens_> ie.. do i have access to it
2015-12-10T21:21:06 <zamcnema> yea, its the most recent container that i created.
2015-12-10T21:24:18 * bens_ is looking
2015-12-10T21:43:46 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-10T21:46:09 * ATW has quit
2015-12-10T21:54:24 * zamcnema has quit
2015-12-10T21:55:46 * bens_ has quit
2015-12-10T21:58:04 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-10T21:59:25 * clown has quit
2015-12-10T22:37:29 * Justin_o has quit
2015-12-10T22:43:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-10T22:54:22 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-10T23:11:20 * michelled has quit
2015-12-10T23:44:01 * danayo has quit
2015-12-10T23:56:27 * amatas has quit
'

b'2015-12-10T16:20:54 <gtirloni> they don\'t use systemd, you mean outside?
2015-12-10T16:21:12 <avtar> they as in containers?
2015-12-10T16:21:16 <gtirloni> yep
2015-12-10T16:22:54 <avtar> no, using docker\'s -e option
2015-12-10T16:23:23 <gtirloni> ah ok, i thought it was the DefaultEnvironment setting
2015-12-10T16:23:33 <gtirloni> got a bit confused with that
2015-12-10T16:23:34 <gtirloni> got it thx
2015-12-10T16:23:39 <avtar> no worries
2015-12-10T16:25:27 <avtar> i guess the impact in a vagrant env could be reduced as well if the nodejs role places the systemd unit in /home/vagrant/.config/systemd/user/ as opposed to /etc/systemd/system/
2015-12-10T16:25:44 <avtar> then the secrets could go in /etc/systemd/user.conf
2015-12-10T16:28:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: FLOE-430 is ready for more review https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery-server/pull/4
2015-12-10T16:32:51 <clown> jhernandez, just wanted to touch base.  Any luck with the unit tests (the crash if gsettings tests are done before packagekit\'s)?  And, did you see my suggestion from yesterday?
2015-12-10T16:39:19 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-10T16:46:59 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-10T16:47:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T17:02:35 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-10T17:09:30 * justin-d has quit
2015-12-10T17:13:00 * clown has quit
2015-12-10T17:19:59 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-10T17:31:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-10T17:36:51 * Bosmon has quit
2015-12-10T17:42:18 * Bosmon joined the channel
2015-12-10T17:43:24 <colinclark> simonjb: Did we settle on a time for our Nexus chat?
2015-12-10T17:43:35 <colinclark> I have sorted out all my bandwidth issues again
2015-12-10T17:51:40 <colinclark> Bosmon: Last night I reviewed avtar\'s two pull requests--one to universal and one to the linux repository for test automation
2015-12-10T17:51:44 <colinclark> I\'m going to run the VMs and test them out today
2015-12-10T17:51:53 <colinclark> but I think they\'re ready to go in assuming they work reasonably
2015-12-10T17:51:58 <colinclark> have you tried them on Windows yet?
2015-12-10T17:52:16 <colinclark> I also wonder about what we should do with the difference between master and your mega branch?
2015-12-10T17:53:11 <colinclark> Should avtar prepare a version that works against your branch and with Node 4.2.1?
2015-12-10T17:53:33 <colinclark> I also wonder about the logistics of your modernization work and the review branch
2015-12-10T17:53:51 <colinclark> is there a risk that if we merge it, master and review4 will become impossibly out of sync?
2015-12-10T17:55:14 <Bosmon> colinclark - I haven\'t tried them yet
2015-12-10T17:55:37 <Bosmon> This one? https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/426/files
2015-12-10T17:55:47 <colinclark> yup
2015-12-10T17:55:52 <colinclark> and https://github.com/GPII/linux/pull/75/files
2015-12-10T17:56:20 <Bosmon> Doesn\'t look like it will conflict with anything in my branch
2015-12-10T17:56:22 <colinclark> If I understand avtar\'s work correctly, this will enable us to spin up a Fedora vagrant box and automatically run all the acceptance tests onit
2015-12-10T17:56:27 <colinclark> except the node version
2015-12-10T17:56:47 <Bosmon> Except that
2015-12-10T17:56:49 <colinclark> which should be easy to update
2015-12-10T17:59:06 <avtar> Bosmon: which of your branches is the mega branch?
2015-12-10T17:59:19 <Bosmon> GPII-1318
2015-12-10T18:00:10 <avtar> thanks
2015-12-10T18:01:04 <avtar> we could set that up on ci.gpii.net if you think it\'s going to be in use for a bit
2015-12-10T18:03:55 <colinclark> avtar: I think it\'s worth doing
2015-12-10T18:04:04 <colinclark> I still don\'t know what we should do strategically
2015-12-10T18:04:08 <colinclark> but I guess Kasper will want to weigh in on it
2015-12-10T18:04:21 <colinclark> I think it\'s largely a question of how far he\'s willing to let master drift from review4
2015-12-10T18:04:31 <colinclark> or, if he\'s quite crazy, he might even merge it into review4, I don\'t know
2015-12-10T18:04:52 <colinclark> Bosmon likely knows this discussion is all moot until I actually manage to catch up on my review tasks
2015-12-10T18:05:34 <Bosmon> MOOT!
2015-12-10T18:05:43 <Bosmon> If only we hadn\'t been destroyed by the French
2015-12-10T18:05:46 <Bosmon> We might still have some
2015-12-10T18:06:10 <colinclark> Some moot?
2015-12-10T18:06:14 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-12-10T18:06:18 <Bosmon> moots : P
2015-12-10T18:08:31 <simonjb> colinclark: sorry for the delay in replying -- was eating lunch -- I don\'t think we had a time for the Nexus chat and it looks like Michelle is offline
2015-12-10T18:08:39 <colinclark> no worries, simonjb
2015-12-10T18:24:54 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-10T18:41:49 * danayo has quit
2015-12-10T18:42:13 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-10T18:53:55 <bens_> avtar, alanharnum, gtirloni (or anyone else): i\'m looking at some code in gpii/prefsEditors repo that references a production url for http://preferenes.gpii.net.  i\'m curious what is running at this URL in terms of version/components and if there are other instances of the preferences server for development or test
2015-12-10T18:54:18 <bens_> this is what i\'m looking at in github: https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/blob/master/demos/prefsEditor/demo.js#L24
2015-12-10T18:55:20 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-10T18:55:23 <avtar> bens_: https://github.com/gpii-ops/docker-preferences-server/
2015-12-10T18:55:31 <alanharnum> bens_: I believe (but avtar is best positioned to confirm) that\'s the Docker version at: https://github.com/gpii-ops/docker-preferences-server
2015-12-10T18:55:36 <alanharnum> beaten :(
2015-12-10T18:55:45 <avtar> that url points to that container
2015-12-10T18:55:55 <avtar> confirmed
2015-12-10T18:56:20 <gtirloni> confirmation as a service
2015-12-10T18:56:56 <avtar> bens_: that image will be changing pretty soon https://github.com/gpii-ops/docker-preferences-server/pull/1
2015-12-10T18:56:58 <bens_> hehehe thanks... is that built at a point in time and is up and running or generally always up to date?
2015-12-10T18:58:57 <avtar> that was built earlier this year
2015-12-10T18:59:33 <avtar> the new one will be built whenever the https://github.com/gpii/universal repo is updated
2015-12-10T18:59:43 <avtar> *built and deployed
2015-12-10T19:01:34 <michelled> fluid-everyone: it\'s time for our dashboard brainstorm
2015-12-10T19:03:55 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-12-10T19:33:09 * clown_mtg has quit
2015-12-10T20:22:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-10T20:24:55 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-10T20:27:26 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-10T20:31:39 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2015-12-10T20:32:15 <michelled> danayo, alanharnum: how\'s Monday post standup, pre crit?
2015-12-10T20:32:21 <michelled> is that too many meetings in a row?
2015-12-10T20:32:31 <alanharnum> michelled: that\'s ok with me
2015-12-10T20:32:37 <colinclark_> bens_: I just saw your question from earlier, and it raised a question of my own that I\'ve been meaning to ask
2015-12-10T20:32:49 <colinclark_> You\'re setting up a new instance of the preferences server on BlueMix, right?
2015-12-10T20:32:51 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-10T20:32:52 * colinclark_ is now known as colinclark
2015-12-10T20:33:17 <colinclark> Have you given thought to strategies we could use to help coordinate multiple instances of the preferences server?
2015-12-10T20:33:31 <colinclark> Will this new one be a node in the cluster of the official GPII preferences server?
2015-12-10T20:33:38 <colinclark> Or just a dev/staging instance?
2015-12-10T20:34:05 <colinclark> Or will we implement some kind of scheme with key tokens that allows users to choose which server to use, and this would be somehow encoded in their token?
2015-12-10T20:34:45 <bens_> right now we\'re just working on getting one running and communicating with a prefsEditor instance
2015-12-10T20:35:03 <bens_> bluemix supports docker so we\'re using the docker-preferences-server
2015-12-10T20:35:29 <bens_> it also has cloudant as a service, which is supposed to be api compatible with couch db
2015-12-10T20:36:13 <colinclark> yup, it should be
2015-12-10T20:36:32 <colinclark> cool that you\'re using our docker container for it, too!
2015-12-10T20:36:45 <bens_> the usage i envision so far is that we\'d use it for development data from PGA work, don\'t want to pollute the production preferences server with preference sets that will never be used
2015-12-10T20:36:56 <colinclark> That makes sense for now, yes
2015-12-10T20:37:22 <colinclark> but you\'re not thinking of developing any support for user-selected "zones" or "clouds" where they could choose which preferences server to use?
2015-12-10T20:37:32 <colinclark> is that something that might eventually be on your roadmap? it could be really cool
2015-12-10T20:37:54 <bens_> i think that is a good idea but haven\'t put much thought into it
2015-12-10T20:38:03 <colinclark> ok, cool
2015-12-10T20:38:04 <bens_> i could see it being used to keep data in a users country
2015-12-10T20:39:41 <bens_> on encoding data into key tokens.. and i\'m still getting smart about this... aren\'t key tokens just UUIDs generated by the preferences server upon a "save new preference set for an unidentified user" request?
2015-12-10T20:39:51 <colinclark> right now they are, yes
2015-12-10T20:40:10 <colinclark> We\'ve floated a few means of providing user-selectable preferences server
2015-12-10T20:40:29 <colinclark> probably the simplest approach would be to turn the token into a URL containing the UUID
2015-12-10T20:41:00 <colinclark> e.g. http://preferences.gpii.net/UUID-HERE
2015-12-10T20:46:23 <bens_> i see.. i\'ve heard there are some rings that are used in demos that have a rfid or nfc tag in them, are you familiar with those and what their storage capacity is?
2015-12-10T20:48:24 <alanharnum> bens_: I\'m not sure what the storage capacity is, but you might find this helpful: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Pilots_2_-_how_to_save_the_user\'s_token_to_an_USB,_NFC_card_or_QR_code
2015-12-10T20:49:49 <colinclark> They have very small storage capacity
2015-12-10T20:49:56 <colinclark> but we use NTAG tags
2015-12-10T20:50:13 <colinclark> though the idea is that tokens are device-agnostic
2015-12-10T20:50:31 <colinclark> since we have user listeners for both USB flash drives and NFC tags
2015-12-10T20:50:31 <alanharnum> from what i saw when i was last working with saving tokens to them a few months back, they could store things of about the size you see in that interface - URLs and so on
2015-12-10T20:50:42 <colinclark> probably we\'ll have support for something like YubiKey in the future
2015-12-10T20:50:57 <alanharnum> there\'s some memory sizes at http://rapidnfc.com/nfc_tags_how_much_memory
2015-12-10T20:51:36 <colinclark> 144 bytes is not many :)
2015-12-10T20:51:57 <bens_> thanks for the link - this is helpful
2015-12-10T20:54:37 <Bosmon> jhernandez, clown - I\'ve given some early review to your linux pull, and I guess my main meta-question is.... where did you source this "isolate" stuff from?
2015-12-10T20:54:43 <Bosmon> Since I don\'t see any references to it in the NAN docs
2015-12-10T20:55:43 <clown> Bosmon, I followed jhernandez lead, so assumed he was doing the right thing.
2015-12-10T20:55:51 <Bosmon> ha
2015-12-10T20:56:04 <Bosmon> "it is hard to tell what frogs are thinking"
2015-12-10T20:56:17 <bens_> colinclark, alanharnum: is there a way for a GPII user to get a token onto a device today? what i\'ve seen in the prefsEditor demo is that as a new user I can submit my preferences and I get back my UUID. Am I then responsible for getting onto a usb/nfc/etc ?
2015-12-10T20:56:18 <clown> frogs think?
2015-12-10T20:56:38 <colinclark> bens_: At the moment, there are some scripts that can help with it
2015-12-10T20:57:05 <colinclark> But I\'m hoping that this will be one of the components you\'ll be building into the First Discovery Tool
2015-12-10T20:57:23 <colinclark> Perhaps by wrapping the FD Tool as an Atom Electron application
2015-12-10T20:57:32 <colinclark> and using a Node.js NFC module
2015-12-10T20:57:32 <bens_> colinclark: we talked about it yesterday a bit in a PGA meeting. The ... yep essentially that
2015-12-10T20:57:38 <colinclark> Great
2015-12-10T20:57:51 <colinclark> Can you keep me in the loop on that from an architectural perspective?
2015-12-10T20:57:58 <bens_> sure
2015-12-10T20:58:11 <colinclark> since the APCP project is going to be doing some work wrapping all the GPII components up as an Electron App
2015-12-10T20:58:13 <colinclark> and there may be some overlap
2015-12-10T20:58:34 <colinclark> we\'ll really want this "tag provisioning component" to be a module we can easily reuse throughout the GPII preferences editors
2015-12-10T20:58:44 <colinclark> it\'ll be really cool, bens_!
2015-12-10T20:59:31 <bens_> my POV of the First Discovery Tool had been that it was a web site and could be delivered to users over the internet. If it needs to also help write to devices then its not really a web site any more.. its an application running on the localhost that happens to present its UI in a browser, but it has to run on the localhost to access the hardware for read/write of tokens
2015-12-10T21:00:00 <colinclark> Yes, that\'s correct
2015-12-10T21:00:18 <colinclark> The idea of the First Discovery Tool is that it\'s the place you go to first get set up with the GPII
2015-12-10T21:00:26 <colinclark> including getting a key token all set up
2015-12-10T21:00:41 <colinclark> By building it first as a web app, we were able to work in an agile way
2015-12-10T21:00:43 <bens_> I figure the actual writing would not be done by the first discovery tool.. but it would trigger another component to actually handle the writing of the device
2015-12-10T21:00:52 <colinclark> so start by hosting it as a web app and then ultimately wrap it using Electron
2015-12-10T21:01:00 <colinclark> bens_: Yes, exactly
2015-12-10T21:01:15 <colinclark> You\'ll build a resuable token provisioner component
'

b'2015-12-10T00:00:13 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-12-10T00:07:29 * Justin_o has quit
2015-12-10T00:48:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-10T00:50:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T00:52:04 * bens_ has quit
2015-12-10T01:01:01 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-10T02:23:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T02:51:53 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-12-10T02:52:04 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-12-10T03:30:30 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-10T03:32:56 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-10T04:25:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T05:02:25 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-10T05:07:09 * danayo has quit
2015-12-10T06:25:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T06:30:22 * alanharnum has quit
2015-12-10T07:00:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T07:53:43 * amatas joined the channel
2015-12-10T08:22:39 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-10T09:34:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T09:55:39 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-10T09:56:06 * alanharnum has quit
2015-12-10T10:46:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T10:46:53 * alanharnum has quit
2015-12-10T10:55:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T10:55:59 * alanharnum has quit
2015-12-10T12:25:22 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-12-10T12:39:17 * jessm joined the channel
2015-12-10T12:54:41 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-10T13:06:53 * zamcnema joined the channel
2015-12-10T13:10:42 <Justin_o> avtar: any updates on the setting secret env variables via vagrant/ansible
2015-12-10T13:16:09 <jhung> Justin_o: want to sync up this morning on PhET?
2015-12-10T13:16:18 <Justin_o> jhung: sure
2015-12-10T13:16:26 <Justin_o> jhung: whenever is fine
2015-12-10T13:16:26 <jhung> let me know when is good for you.
2015-12-10T13:16:36 <Justin_o> actually one minute
2015-12-10T13:16:41 <jhung> ok.
2015-12-10T13:19:18 <Justin_o> jhung: okay, ready
2015-12-10T13:33:19 * ATW joined the channel
2015-12-10T13:51:26 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-12-10T13:54:05 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-10T14:07:08 * justin-d joined the channel
2015-12-10T14:08:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-10T14:10:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-10T14:23:32 * bens_ joined the channel
2015-12-10T14:27:30 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-10T14:32:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m just about ready for review on my FLOE-430 branch, just testing the removing dedupe works
2015-12-10T14:32:50 <Bosmon> Justin_o - awesome
2015-12-10T14:32:54 <Bosmon> Who is the other justin btw?
2015-12-10T14:32:55 <Justin_o> gtirloni: would you be interested in know how the config scheme will work?
2015-12-10T14:33:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: probably from IBM for PGA, i\'d assume
2015-12-10T14:37:42 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-10T14:39:57 <gtirloni> Justin_o: yep!
2015-12-10T14:41:31 <Justin_o> gtirloni: just going to push something up then i can give you a run down, did you want to talk in the channel or on vidyo?
2015-12-10T14:42:54 <gtirloni> maybe vidyo will be faster
2015-12-10T14:43:37 <Justin_o> gtirloni: okay, be a few more minutes, forgot to set some variables and have to rebuild my vm
2015-12-10T14:43:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: did you want to join?
2015-12-10T14:44:09 <Justin_o> anyone else interested in joining a quick chat about configuration for the FD Server tool
2015-12-10T14:44:20 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-10T14:44:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure
2015-12-10T14:44:35 <Bosmon> If only the other Justin didn\'t come earlier than you alphabetically : P
2015-12-10T14:44:54 <alanharnum> Justin_o: i\'d like to join
2015-12-10T14:45:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in my list i come before him, that\'s strange
2015-12-10T14:45:10 <Justin_o> alanharnum: sure
2015-12-10T14:45:20 <Bosmon> WAHARNUM!
2015-12-10T14:45:38 <avtar> Justin_o: i\'ll join
2015-12-10T14:45:49 <Justin_o> avtar: great
2015-12-10T14:46:48 <bens_> Justin_o: i\'m interesting.. how do I join?
2015-12-10T14:47:00 <bens_> s/interesting/interested
2015-12-10T14:47:06 <Justin_o> bens_: sure
2015-12-10T14:48:16 <Justin_o> bens_: try this link https://conf.inclusivedesign.ca/flex.html?roomdirect.html&key=wr2uXJq8BMp8e57C9e45lriPges
2015-12-10T14:48:22 <Justin_o> you might need to install some software, i\'m not sure
2015-12-10T14:48:26 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-10T14:49:02 <avtar> bens_: it might be best if you visit https://conf.inclusivedesign.ca first and install the desktop client
2015-12-10T14:49:15 <avtar> you can use Justin_o url after that to join the room
2015-12-10T14:49:34 <bens_> first link is giving me a rpm to install... after it first said linux was unsuported..
2015-12-10T14:49:47 <avtar> bens_: which distribution are you using?
2015-12-10T14:49:51 <bens_> redhat
2015-12-10T14:50:55 <Justin_o> gtirloni, alanharnum: we\'re in my vidyo room now
2015-12-10T14:50:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - isn\'t there a web client?
2015-12-10T14:51:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in my room now by the way
2015-12-10T14:51:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  not sure about the web client
2015-12-10T14:51:29 <avtar> bens_: hmm that should work
2015-12-10T14:51:48 <avtar> gtirloni is using vidyo on centos or fedora
2015-12-10T14:52:15 <gtirloni> ok joining
2015-12-10T14:52:55 <gtirloni> bens_: you can ignore the warning and just install the rpm
2015-12-10T14:53:16 <bens_> gtirloni: thanks, i\'m in the room.. no issues on the install
2015-12-10T14:53:42 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-10T14:54:53 <colinclark> gtirloni: We miss you!
2015-12-10T14:55:00 <gtirloni> getting login timeouts :(
2015-12-10T14:55:12 <Justin_o> gtirloni: should i try to invite you?
2015-12-10T14:57:14 <Justin_o> https://github.com/jobara/first-discovery-server/blob/FLOE-430/index.js
2015-12-10T14:57:42 <Justin_o> https://github.com/jobara/first-discovery-server/tree/FLOE-430/src/config
2015-12-10T14:57:47 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-10T15:01:05 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-10T15:02:35 <colinclark> Justin_o: My network connection has just flaked out--I\'m trying to get it back working again but keep going, of course
2015-12-10T15:02:52 <Justin_o> colinclark: okay, thanks for letting me know
2015-12-10T15:15:35 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/kettle/blob/KETTLE-32/README.md#starting-a-kettle-application
2015-12-10T15:25:00 <Justin_o> https://github.com/jobara/first-discovery-server/blob/FLOE-430/src/js/firstDiscoveryServer.js#L71-L119
2015-12-10T15:29:04 * amatas has quit
2015-12-10T15:31:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: anything you want me to change before i officially bug you for code review.
2015-12-10T15:32:04 <Justin_o> I\'ll update the readme first too
2015-12-10T15:32:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - looks fine I think, other than thinking about the exact overriding order of the configs a bit more
2015-12-10T15:33:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i was sort of thinking as the environment as at the default and layered everything ontop of that, so that you could get a config that is "fully" environment driven
2015-12-10T15:33:22 <Justin_o> or use something that specifies some known values ahead of time
2015-12-10T15:35:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: another option might be to not have the oauth2.json merge in the environment.json config and just merge the two of them into the vagrant.json config separately
2015-12-10T15:36:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: any thoughts on any of that?
2015-12-10T15:36:24 * amatas joined the channel
2015-12-10T15:43:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - this is more an issue for gtirloni, alanharnum and the like
2015-12-10T15:44:30 <alanharnum> Justin_o Bosmon: as long as it\'s clear (for me as someone automating deployment) what I need to do to produce my desired configuration, i\'m fairly neutral; only comment is that situations where config files win over environment variables may be contrary to people\'s expectations
2015-12-10T15:45:16 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2015-12-10T15:45:31 <alanharnum> "typical" launch configuration patterns in my experience look roughly like -> applictation defaults -> configuration files -> environment variables -> command line options
2015-12-10T15:45:33 <alanharnum> roughly speaking
2015-12-10T15:46:26 <alanharnum> which is to say if you can set an option in all four places (you can\'t always), rightmost takes precedence
2015-12-10T15:46:55 <Justin_o> alanharnum: so in this scheme, if i\'m not mistaken, you can have whatever you like, but you do commit to a source.. that the config will determine where the value is sourced from
2015-12-10T15:47:37 <Justin_o> so there isn\'t one config that\'ll let you pass in the value from both the command line and the environment
2015-12-10T15:47:45 <Justin_o> the same value that is
2015-12-10T15:48:20 <anastasiac> jhung, in case you\xe2\x80\x99re looking to update the iteration page, I\xe2\x80\x99ve moved any docs/docs platform related issues to the docs plan page: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Infusion+Documentation+Plan
2015-12-10T15:48:34 * danayo has quit
2015-12-10T15:48:37 <Justin_o> but you could mix and match things, so some values are sourced from the config file, others from the environment and etc.
2015-12-10T15:49:04 <gtirloni> Justin_o: sorry i had to leave early. i think the config is looking really good and it\'ll give us a lot of flexibility to define where we want to grab things from in the $next_platform
2015-12-10T15:49:08 <alanharnum> Justin_o: yeah - not sure i\'m 100% understanding the question, but that\'s a typical configuration management / application deployment flow
2015-12-10T15:49:17 <jhung> thanks anastasiac.
2015-12-10T15:49:42 <alanharnum> you let some things stay the default, you have other things in a config file, others you may reconfigure at launch with environment variables or command line options
2015-12-10T15:50:18 <gtirloni> or a config file that enforces everything about $something must come from these files and nowhere else
2015-12-10T15:50:40 <alanharnum> a lot of misery on something like http://serverfault.com/ is over confusion about configuration precedence :)
2015-12-10T15:50:55 <gtirloni> i foresee we\'d still drop our own config files with the specifics of each environment (you never know when things will change in the future)
2015-12-10T15:51:13 <gtirloni> not with the actual values, but where to look for them
2015-12-10T15:51:21 <gtirloni> so it\'s really nice we have this ability
2015-12-10T15:53:08 <alanharnum> yeah
2015-12-10T15:53:22 <Justin_o> gtirloni, alanharnum: yes, you guys will be able to decide where to get the values from.
2015-12-10T15:53:42 <Justin_o> by supplying your own cofigs
2015-12-10T15:53:45 <Justin_o> configs
2015-12-10T15:54:06 <avtar> Justin_o: looks like using DefaultEnvironment in /etc/systemd/system.conf works
2015-12-10T15:54:16 <Justin_o> avtar: oh yah?
2015-12-10T15:54:20 <avtar> we should be able to provide secrets as environment variables now
2015-12-10T15:54:33 <Justin_o> avtar: awesome, what do I need to do
2015-12-10T15:55:45 <avtar> first, we\'ll need to write an ansible-secrets role which will let anyone list their secrets in secrets.yml
2015-12-10T15:56:13 <avtar> then you\'ll need to add that to your .gitignore and maybe include a secrets.yml.example in your repo
2015-12-10T15:57:14 <gtirloni> avtar: will that role overwrite the systemd definition from the nodejs role?
2015-12-10T15:59:44 <avtar> gtirloni: it will only provide environment variables to all systemd units
2015-12-10T16:00:40 <avtar> any added by the nodejs role will still be available
2015-12-10T16:00:45 <avtar> in addition to the secret ones
2015-12-10T16:05:48 <michelled> Bosmon, colinclark, simonjb: can we have a Nexus check in today?
2015-12-10T16:06:24 <Bosmon> michelled - sure - I think colinclark is trying to fix his wireless
2015-12-10T16:06:36 <simonjb> michelled: yes, for sure
2015-12-10T16:06:39 <michelled> ah, ok, let\'s see when he\'s online
2015-12-10T16:10:58 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-10T16:16:20 <gtirloni> avtar: is the defaultenvironment setting being considered only for development environments? i\'m worried it might leak because all systemd units will have that and we can\'t trust them
2015-12-10T16:19:55 <avtar> gtirloni: definitely for dev environments but we\'ll probably want to use them in containers as well
'

