b"2015-09-15T15:40:32 <Bosmon> jhung - the build is still the same
2015-09-15T15:40:32 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-09-15T15:40:41 <Bosmon> Can you explain what problems you are having?
2015-09-15T15:47:22 <jhung> Bosmon: it seems to be working now. It seems I needed to install docpad into the working directory using sudo first.
2015-09-15T15:49:37 <Bosmon> jhung - that seems very odd
2015-09-15T15:50:55 <Bosmon> Isn't docpad meant to be installed globally using npm install -g ?
2015-09-15T15:51:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-15T15:51:34 <jhung> yes bosmon.
2015-09-15T15:52:04 <jhung> When I checked the version installed locally in node_modules, it was a different version than the one installed globally.
2015-09-15T15:58:33 * michelled has quit
2015-09-15T16:24:15 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-15T16:29:05 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-15T16:33:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T16:38:33 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-15T16:39:08 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-15T16:43:59 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-15T16:53:07 * danayo has quit
2015-09-15T17:08:13 * colinclark has quit
2015-09-15T17:13:43 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-15T17:18:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T17:19:00 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-15T17:34:57 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-15T17:41:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-15T17:49:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-15T17:50:32 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-15T18:01:30 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-15T18:02:59 <michelled> simonjb, danayo: who's room?
2015-09-15T18:03:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T18:03:24 <simonjb> michelled's ?
2015-09-15T18:03:55 <danayo> sure
2015-09-15T18:04:22 <michelled> ok, it's unlocked
2015-09-15T18:32:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-15T18:39:01 * clown has quit
2015-09-15T18:42:18 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-09-15T18:45:07 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-15T18:46:16 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2015-09-15T18:52:57 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-15T19:15:35 <Justin_o> jhung: should the Topics sidebar start open or closed?
2015-09-15T19:15:54 <Justin_o> and in which case would you consider the button to be pressed? when the topics is open or when it is closed?
2015-09-15T19:16:54 <jhung> Justin_o: right now the default is open.
2015-09-15T19:18:28 <jhung> Justin_o: ideally it shouldn't be a button, but a toggle. So the text label should change depending on the state of the toggle. But i know that's not how it's implemented currently.
2015-09-15T19:18:54 <jhung> I guess if the default is open, the button press would be when it is to be closed.
2015-09-15T19:20:15 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-15T19:22:15 <Justin_o> jhung: i'm making it a toggle in terms of aria, so if you want the text to change too, i can do that.
2015-09-15T19:23:50 <jhung> Justin_o: text change would be great.
2015-09-15T19:25:11 <Justin_o> let me know what you'd like. Maybe add it to the lira.
2015-09-15T19:25:13 <Justin_o> JIRA
2015-09-15T19:26:18 <jhung> Thanks for correcting that. I wasn't sure if you were asking me to tip you for fixing some code Justin_o. :)
2015-09-15T19:30:24 * michelled has quit
2015-09-15T19:47:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T19:51:53 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-15T20:31:12 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-15T20:31:23 * michelled has quit
2015-09-15T20:40:19 * clown joined the channel
2015-09-15T20:44:08 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-15T20:55:57 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-09-15T21:08:12 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-15T21:27:55 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-15T21:29:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T21:47:17 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-15T21:52:31 * simonjb has quit
2015-09-15T21:56:01 * michelled has quit
2015-09-15T22:03:52 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-15T22:35:57 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-15T22:36:23 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-09-15T22:40:46 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-15T22:52:51 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-09-15T23:01:47 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-15T23:28:44 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-15T23:49:41 * gtirloni joined the channel
"

b'2015-09-15T00:29:26 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-15T00:33:06 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-15T01:16:48 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-15T01:30:23 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-15T01:33:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T01:45:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-15T03:36:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T04:40:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T05:41:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T06:17:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-15T06:43:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T06:49:54 * kasparnet has quit
2015-09-15T06:51:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-09-15T07:46:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T08:58:58 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-15T09:49:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T10:27:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T11:47:11 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-09-15T12:08:32 * slim_ has quit
2015-09-15T12:11:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T12:11:51 * alanharnum has quit
2015-09-15T12:12:25 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-09-15T12:15:00 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-09-15T12:18:52 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-15T12:34:17 * jhung joined the channel
2015-09-15T12:40:11 <cindyli> Justin_o: in case you missed my msg yesterday, the pull request for the chart authoring FLOE-404 is ready for a review - https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/pull/4
2015-09-15T12:46:54 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-09-15T12:47:10 <cindyli> np
2015-09-15T12:47:17 <cindyli> thank you
2015-09-15T13:01:56 * jessm joined the channel
2015-09-15T13:02:55 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-09-15T13:09:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-09-15T13:16:03 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-09-15T13:16:43 <Justin_o> cindyli: one of the changes you made to the FLOE-416 branch was to add a priority "last:testing"
2015-09-15T13:16:50 <Justin_o> where does "testing" come from
2015-09-15T13:17:07 <Justin_o> it in the firstDiscoveryEditorTests
2015-09-15T13:17:14 <cindyli> Justin_o: that\'s a reserved keyword in the new framework, let me dig out the doc
2015-09-15T13:17:21 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-09-15T13:18:08 <cindyli> Justin_o: http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/Priorities.html
2015-09-15T13:18:30 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-09-15T13:18:33 <cindyli> np
2015-09-15T13:18:51 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-15T13:19:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2015-09-15T13:20:37 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o
2015-09-15T13:21:02 <Bosmon> Good use of new-style priorities, cindyli :)
2015-09-15T13:21:07 <cindyli> :)
2015-09-15T13:21:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m wondering if you\'d be up to leading a community meeting tomorrow regarding the new framework features. E.g. a quick summary of what they are, best practices,  and maybe some tutorials or further examples of how to do things ( I\'m still a bit confused as to how and when to use the contextual awareness features ).
2015-09-15T13:24:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-09-15T13:29:55 <cindyli> Bosmon: is the use of "autoInit" still supported in the new framework? I noticed it still appears at 3 spots in the infusion master. shall we fix it?
2015-09-15T13:30:15 <colinclark> cindyli: Yes, let\'s fix it! :)
2015-09-15T13:30:26 <cindyli> cool, filing a jira
2015-09-15T13:30:34 <colinclark> These are things I should have caught in review
2015-09-15T13:32:08 <cindyli> that was a gigantic branch, so\xe2\x80\xa6 ;)
2015-09-15T13:33:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure, I can do that, although I\'ll need to leave pretty promptly
2015-09-15T13:33:16 <Bosmon> cindyli - that\'s pretty bizarre - there certainly WAS a point where they were all removed : P
2015-09-15T13:33:29 <Bosmon> I imagine that the others have crept back in as a result of the merging of old branches
2015-09-15T13:33:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: great thanks for doing that... i\'ll put you down for the meeting tomorrow.
2015-09-15T13:33:58 <Bosmon> Although the one in ContextAwarenessTests.js is decidedly suspicious
2015-09-15T13:35:22 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-09-15T13:37:16 * yzen joined the channel
2015-09-15T13:37:59 <colinclark> Justin_o: Can you ask people, as part of this community meeting, to think up a few different examples of context-sensitive variation in their software?
2015-09-15T13:38:19 <colinclark> Things they\'ve needed while writing code, or interesting examples they can think of
2015-09-15T13:38:31 <colinclark> so that we can make the community fairly short and focused on specific examples?
2015-09-15T13:38:41 <colinclark> A kind of "living tutorial?"
2015-09-15T13:40:35 <Justin_o> colinclark: sure, that was just one example though. I kind of also would like to know when to use what. So to carry on that example, when should I use context awareness vs something else. I\'ll send out an e-mail about the community meetings today.
2015-09-15T13:41:53 <colinclark> Ok, that\'s interesting Justin_o
2015-09-15T13:42:05 <colinclark> will you be able to bring specific examples for that broader topic?
2015-09-15T13:43:50 <colinclark> I\'m thinking you could make it a kind of "Q&A" session
2015-09-15T13:44:35 <colinclark> I\'m just thinking aloud for ways to help keep it short and helpful, given Bosmon\'s time constraint tomorrow
2015-09-15T13:44:59 <Justin_o> yah.. true
2015-09-15T13:45:43 <Justin_o> i guess i\'m personally hoping for 1) a quick run down of the new features.. just a list is fine. 2) some best practices we should be following now 3) answering specific questions that people have
2015-09-15T13:45:50 <Justin_o> colinclark, Bosmon ^
2015-09-15T13:46:28 <colinclark> your email seems great, Justin_o
2015-09-15T13:46:41 <colinclark> I will try to prepare some specific questions, myself :)
2015-09-15T13:48:21 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks
2015-09-15T13:59:51 * danayo joined the channel
2015-09-15T14:15:38 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-09-15T14:19:26 <colinclark> Out of sheer curiosity, cindyli and alanharnum, how come the Chart Authoring tool components are defined in the "gpii" namespace?
2015-09-15T14:20:51 <alanharnum> colinclark: without trying to buck-pass, I think that namespace use originated in Justin_o\'s work on the data entry panel components :)
2015-09-15T14:21:04 <cindyli> colinclark: i think it was decided the chart authoring tool is a gpii project? Justin_o, ^
2015-09-15T14:21:12 <colinclark> :)
2015-09-15T14:21:16 <alanharnum> when cindyli & I worked on the D3-based components we followed that namespacing convention
2015-09-15T14:21:45 <colinclark> It doesn\'t matter very much at all, but I imagine we should probably use the "floe" namespace.
2015-09-15T14:22:01 <alanharnum> I think maybe (speculation) the originating logic is that some of these components will be used for the quality infrastructure dashboards
2015-09-15T14:22:31 <Justin_o> alanharnum, cindyli, colinclark: I don\'t remember all the specifics but i believe it was decided at the start in a discussion with michelled
2015-09-15T14:22:41 <colinclark> ah, ok
2015-09-15T14:22:46 <colinclark> maybe michelled will have some thoughts
2015-09-15T14:23:24 <Justin_o> i think it had to do the with the fact that we felt it was part of the gpii in the broad sense and the reuse as alanharnum mentioned. but i\'m a bit foggy on it really.
2015-09-15T14:30:02 <colinclark> These things are pretty minor, in the grand scheme of things
2015-09-15T14:30:14 <colinclark> and of course the Fluid Project and Floe are a big part of the GPII
2015-09-15T14:30:44 <colinclark> but it\'s also good to keep things "close to home" in terms of being clear about who supports and maintains something in the long term
2015-09-15T14:31:06 <colinclark> and in this case, it\'s very much an effort within the Fluid community as part of our Floe Project, if that makes sense
2015-09-15T14:35:21 <colinclark> Put simply, I think I\'m saying that namespaces denote "stewardship" of some code to its user
2015-09-15T14:36:40 <colinclark> So systems that will ultimately be maintained by the GPII organization, with its technical governance policies and leadership should generally go under the "gpii" namespace (e.g. preferences editors, etc), while code that will be grown within the Fluid community should go in a "fluid" or "floe" namespace
2015-09-15T14:36:49 <colinclark> but anyway, as I say--these are totally minor details :)
2015-09-15T14:38:51 <alanharnum> well it\'s easy enough to update :)
2015-09-15T14:39:14 <alanharnum> & I agree with the "stewardship" take - I had wondered about the gpii namespacing myself
2015-09-15T14:42:42 <colinclark> cool
2015-09-15T14:53:12 <alanharnum> so I have an implementation boundaries question for adding accessibility functionality to the chart authoring tool (https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-418)
2015-09-15T14:55:38 * michelled has quit
2015-09-15T14:55:49 <alanharnum> basically, what\'s our general approach for making sure our finished product has these features - do we typically do this at the level of the JS code (injecting labels or aria attributes, etc) or at the template level? Or does it vary depending on what the work is?
2015-09-15T14:56:44 <alanharnum> i\'m grappling with this in my thinking because the chart authoring tool as final "product" (the demo) is made up of a number of sub components
2015-09-15T14:58:01 <alanharnum> i don\'t know if this question makes any sense or not as I\'m describing it :(
2015-09-15T14:59:54 <alanharnum> i looked at the Infusion source code a little & can see (FE) that aria attributes get applied in a number of different contexts - at the JS level for rendering components, or at the HTML level for demos/templates
2015-09-15T15:04:07 * cindyli has quit
2015-09-15T15:07:16 <colinclark> alanharnum: These are good questions
2015-09-15T15:07:25 <colinclark> harder to answer in the abstract
2015-09-15T15:07:29 <alanharnum> yeah
2015-09-15T15:07:35 <alanharnum> i suspect the answer is "it depends"
2015-09-15T15:07:38 <colinclark> :)
2015-09-15T15:07:55 <alanharnum> i think i\'m asking more about philosophy than anything else :)
2015-09-15T15:08:08 <alanharnum> i know we want to bake accessibility in
2015-09-15T15:08:13 <alanharnum> but where does the baking happen?
2015-09-15T15:08:17 <colinclark> An abstract principle is that one generally wants to inject ARIA at the same layer that handles the behaviour to which the ARIA roles apply
2015-09-15T15:08:30 <alanharnum> ok
2015-09-15T15:08:32 <colinclark> meaning, one often injects ARIA roles in JavaScript code
2015-09-15T15:08:34 <alanharnum> that helps a lot
2015-09-15T15:08:45 <alanharnum> something like that is a key part of my question
2015-09-15T15:08:52 <colinclark> to put it very simply, if one has a special custom JavaScript checkbox that can apply it to some generic markup...
2015-09-15T15:09:04 <colinclark> (why one would do this in the first place is a separate question)
2015-09-15T15:09:15 <colinclark> then ARIA gets added as part of the process of instantiating that custom checkbox
2015-09-15T15:09:30 <colinclark> this is sort of basic progressive enhancement
2015-09-15T15:09:33 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-09-15T15:09:47 <colinclark> but PE only goes so far, and is generally slowly fading from our repetoire
2015-09-15T15:09:51 <alanharnum> which i\'d characterize as devolving responsibility to the lowest level context that makes sense, rather than making the assembling parent component responsible except where this would make sense
2015-09-15T15:10:09 <colinclark> yep, I think that makes sense
2015-09-15T15:10:42 <alanharnum> basically, if an accessibility feature can be implemented purely within the context of a sub-component, implement it there
2015-09-15T15:11:01 <alanharnum> if it can\'t be implemented without some knowledge of markup, listeners or otherwise at a parent level, the parent needs to take responsibility
2015-09-15T15:12:51 <colinclark> yep, that\'s generally reasonable
2015-09-15T15:14:02 <alanharnum> ok cool, i needed to talk that out a little to get it concrete for me
2015-09-15T15:14:06 <alanharnum> thanks colinclark
2015-09-15T15:14:18 <colinclark> any time, alanharnum
2015-09-15T15:15:47 <alanharnum> colinclark: this 6-year-old wiki page is Relevant to My Interests in this area: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Accessibility+Decorators :)
2015-09-15T15:16:01 <colinclark> oh wow
2015-09-15T15:16:11 <colinclark> that is quite the dinosaur
2015-09-15T15:16:24 <colinclark> From the early days of ARIA
2015-09-15T15:16:38 <colinclark> There used to be a lot of debate about these kinds of things...
2015-09-15T15:16:49 <colinclark> "No one is ever going to bother to put this stuff in. What can you do about it?"
2015-09-15T15:16:58 <colinclark> So this page was an attempt to try to answer that question
2015-09-15T15:17:16 <colinclark> but these sorts of superficially pragmatic issues often become a pit of impossibility
2015-09-15T15:17:22 <colinclark> so fortunately we just focused on doing good ourselves
2015-09-15T15:17:38 <colinclark> rather than trying to monkey patch widgets that weren\'t so good themselves
2015-09-15T15:17:59 <colinclark> but I guess it provides some inverted thinking on how the DOM Binder emerged
2015-09-15T15:19:44 * michelled joined the channel
2015-09-15T15:20:37 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-09-15T15:20:53 * cindyli has quit
2015-09-15T15:22:12 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-09-15T15:23:56 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2015-09-15T15:23:57 * cindyli has quit
2015-09-15T15:34:16 <jhung> Bosmon: I am having problems getting infusion-docs to build. I assume you haven\'t had issues? Can you confirm that the build instructions in the  README are up to date? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/blob/master/README.md
'

