b"2015-10-05T17:13:41 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99ll send an email with some notes
2015-10-05T17:13:44 <jhung> ok
2015-10-05T17:27:30 <michelled> sounds good simonjb
2015-10-05T17:28:25 <simonjb> michelled: what time would work for you?
2015-10-05T17:29:35 <michelled> after standup
2015-10-05T17:29:43 <michelled> does that work for you simonjb?
2015-10-05T17:30:12 <simonjb> michelled: ok, that works for me
2015-10-05T17:34:25 <anastasiac> jhung, email sent
2015-10-05T17:36:09 <anastasiac> but jhung, other than those points, it seems to be working fine! Quite smooth. I\xe2\x80\x99m going to guess that eventually, we might want to offer tips on how to customize the CSS, but I haven\xe2\x80\x99t got there myself :-)
2015-10-05T17:37:39 <jhung> anastasiac: great I'll take a look.
2015-10-05T17:44:07 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T17:48:46 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-05T17:52:38 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-05T17:55:37 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T17:55:50 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:04:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-05T18:05:12 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:11:05 * slim__ has quit
2015-10-05T18:11:55 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-05T18:14:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:16:08 <colinclark> kasparnet, Bosmon, michelled: Are we meeting now?
2015-10-05T18:17:20 <michelled> yep, where would you like to meet?
2015-10-05T18:17:34 <colinclark> anywhere's cool
2015-10-05T18:17:37 <colinclark> michelled: Your vidyo room?
2015-10-05T18:18:22 <michelled> ok, it's unlocked :)
2015-10-05T18:23:16 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-05T18:38:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:51:53 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:52:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:52:39 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:53:06 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-05T19:45:33 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-10-05T20:30:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-05T20:30:45 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-05T20:46:21 * anvk has quit
2015-10-05T21:30:40 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-10-05T23:58:57 * kasparnet has quit
"

b'2015-10-05T04:11:38 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-05T04:40:17 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-05T07:58:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-05T08:02:40 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-05T08:03:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-05T08:39:33 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-05T09:46:57 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-10-05T10:47:12 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-05T10:59:57 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-05T11:28:28 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-05T11:37:28 * jhung1 joined the channel
2015-10-05T11:44:12 * jhung has left the channel
2015-10-05T11:45:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-05T12:28:36 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-10-05T12:46:44 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-05T12:51:56 * slim__ has quit
2015-10-05T12:55:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:11:55 <cindyli> Justin_o: can you review my pull request for FLOE-424 when you have time - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/102
2015-10-05T13:12:37 <Justin_o> cindyli: sure, i have a few things on my list today, so it might be a bit
2015-10-05T13:13:25 <cindyli> take you time, thanks
2015-10-05T13:26:45 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:29:30 * yzen joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:31:18 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:42:37 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:43:42 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:57:33 <Justin_o> cindyli: I left a couple of comments on your FLOE-424 pull request
2015-10-05T13:57:46 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o. replying..
2015-10-05T13:58:00 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-10-05T13:58:18 <cindyli> np
2015-10-05T14:08:29 <cindyli> Justin_o: comments addressed
2015-10-05T14:09:09 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks, i\'ll take another look
2015-10-05T14:09:29 <cindyli> thanks
2015-10-05T14:11:20 <Justin_o> cindyli: so for now the token field should be empty right?
2015-10-05T14:11:43 <cindyli> yes, Justin_o
2015-10-05T14:11:56 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-10-05T14:12:01 <cindyli> np
2015-10-05T14:14:12 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:18:04 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:18:11 <Justin_o> have time to chat?
2015-10-05T14:18:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2015-10-05T14:18:29 <cindyli> sure
2015-10-05T14:21:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:23:05 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:23:13 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:33:45 <anastasiac> colinclark: I\xe2\x80\x99d like to move the First Discovery Tool tutorial from its current Google doc into its final home, but Im not sure where that is. (The same is true for the API docs, which currently live in the Fluid wiki.) I believe we\xe2\x80\x99re planning to mvoe the code into the GPII github repo. Should the docs go into the GPII wiki? Other options include: the Fluid wiki; a dedicated docs site; other? What would you recommend?
2015-10-05T14:34:00 <colinclark> It\'s a good question
2015-10-05T14:34:13 * anastasiac clearly hasn\xe2\x80\x99t had enough coffee yet, and isn\xe2\x80\x99t typing very well
2015-10-05T14:34:14 <colinclark> Ideally, my preference would be for a separate docs site
2015-10-05T14:34:23 <colinclark> but I don\'t know how much extra work that will be
2015-10-05T14:34:38 <colinclark> We definitely want to move the FD Tool source code into the GPII organization as soon as we can
2015-10-05T14:35:06 * anvk joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:35:23 <colinclark> do you have an impression of how much work it would be to create a new site for the FD Tool API docs and tutorial, anastasiac?
2015-10-05T14:35:46 <anastasiac> the Fluid wiki would be the least work, since we could pretty much paste the content into the wiki editor and be done. Anything else would require porting into the relevant markup (markdown for a docs site, mediawiki for gpii wiki)
2015-10-05T14:35:53 <anastasiac> the tutorial isn\xe2\x80\x99t that long
2015-10-05T14:36:00 <anastasiac> but there are a whole lot of api pages in the fluid wiki
2015-10-05T14:36:39 <anastasiac> I haven\xe2\x80\x99t found much in the way of useful conversion tools to go from confluence to mediawiki
2015-10-05T14:37:46 <anastasiac> api pages: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/First+Discovery+API+Documentation
2015-10-05T14:38:43 <anastasiac> exporting the pages though an intermediate format (such as html) would still likely require lots of clean-up work
2015-10-05T14:40:28 <colinclark> If we\'re looking at moving anything, it\'s probably better to move to a doc site rather than a wiki
2015-10-05T14:40:59 <colinclark> anastasiac: How much effort to port to markdown for a docs site, as well as to set up and style the site?
2015-10-05T14:42:32 <anastasiac> colinclark: porting the one tutorial page wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t be much work, and with jhung\xe2\x80\x99s docs framework, hopefully the stylilng would be reasonably easy. It\xe2\x80\x99s the API pages that worry me. There are many of them.
2015-10-05T14:42:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:43:13 <anastasiac> they do all follow the same basic layout, so we may be able to create a template to help
2015-10-05T14:43:44 <colinclark> Worry you how, anastasiac? Just that it may take a long time?
2015-10-05T14:44:11 <anastasiac> mostly just time, I think: There are 37 pages!
2015-10-05T14:44:44 <anastasiac> but I do like the idea of using the new docs framework :-)
2015-10-05T14:44:50 <anastasiac> it would be a good test
2015-10-05T14:44:57 <anastasiac> usign something a bit smaller than our full Infusion docs
2015-10-05T14:45:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:46:04 <colinclark> seems reasonable to me
2015-10-05T14:46:12 <colinclark> anastasiac: Should we time box it in some way?
2015-10-05T14:46:25 <colinclark> and emphasize the content porting rather than styling to start?
2015-10-05T14:46:45 <colinclark> even just start with porting to markdown in a Github repo
2015-10-05T14:47:04 <anastasiac> I could maybe spend a day, or a half-day, on some API pages, get a feel for just how long it will take
2015-10-05T14:47:12 <colinclark> ok, that sounds good to me
2015-10-05T14:47:15 <colinclark> michelled: Any thoughts?
2015-10-05T14:47:21 <michelled> this sounds like a good plan to me
2015-10-05T14:47:37 <michelled> the whole point of making the docs framework was so that we could use it when we wanted to :)
2015-10-05T14:48:04 <colinclark> cindyli, Justin_o: Do we have a timeline when you think we\'ll be ready to contribute the First Discovery Tool repository to the GPII organization?
2015-10-05T14:48:09 <colinclark> michelled: Good point!
2015-10-05T14:50:50 <cindyli> colinclark: the FD tool will be ready when we complete the integration of the FD and the prefs server. according to the time estimation on the iteration page, 2 weeks from now
2015-10-05T14:51:30 <anastasiac> ok, then, colinclark and michelled: what do we call the fd tool docs repo in github, and who\xe2\x80\x99s github project should it belong in? :-)
2015-10-05T14:51:46 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:52:00 <anastasiac> the code repo is called \xe2\x80\x9cfirst-discovery\xe2\x80\x9d so my first thought on name is \xe2\x80\x9cfirst-discovery-docs\xe2\x80\x9d
2015-10-05T14:52:42 <jhung> anastasiac:  - I\'ve been using "docs-" as a prefix. i.e. My ILDH repo is named "docs-inclusive-learning"
2015-10-05T14:53:01 <anastasiac> yes, jhung, I was just thinking that might be better
2015-10-05T14:53:10 <jhung> this follows the naming convention started by "docs-core" and "docs-template"
2015-10-05T14:53:44 <michelled> cindyli and Justin_o weren\'t we going to contribut the fd tool before we did the integration?
2015-10-05T14:54:16 <colinclark> thanks cindyli
2015-10-05T14:54:23 <michelled> I thought we were only waiting for some outstanding pull requests that are now in
2015-10-05T14:54:33 * anastasiac has left the channel
2015-10-05T14:54:52 <colinclark> Yes, it probably makes sense to go ahead and contribute it sooner rather than later
2015-10-05T14:54:55 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:54:59 * anastasiac has left the channel
2015-10-05T14:55:11 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:55:15 <cindyli> michelled: if we decided to contribute before the integration, the FD tool is ready
2015-10-05T14:55:25 <colinclark> it will also help in terms of having more of us visibily contributing to the GPII
2015-10-05T14:55:37 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:55:51 <michelled> cindyli: that was my understanding - Justin_o, what do you think?
2015-10-05T14:57:23 <cindyli> Justin_o is away from the desk at the moment
2015-10-05T14:57:24 * slim__ has quit
2015-10-05T14:57:24 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-05T15:01:45 <michelled> alanharn_, anastasiac, avtar, cindyli, danayo, Justin_o, sepidehshahi, simonjb: floe planning
2015-10-05T15:02:12 <danayo> thanks michelled
2015-10-05T15:02:17 <cindyli> coming
2015-10-05T15:03:01 <michelled> jhung: ^
2015-10-05T15:03:21 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:03:41 <jhung> sure michelled
2015-10-05T15:06:52 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-05T15:07:40 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:08:02 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:08:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:48:27 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-05T15:54:48 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:59:02 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:59:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:59:54 <colinclark> avtar, sepidehshahi: I was thinking we should sit down with Nadia sometime in the next couple of days and talk through our work on the DeveloperSpace QI Dashboard, and show her some of the mockups we made
2015-10-05T16:00:20 <colinclark> we probably haven\'t shared our plans for this as widely as we could have
2015-10-05T16:00:28 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T16:00:43 <colinclark> and now that we have awesome sketches, it\'d be good to talk with the DSpace folks about it
2015-10-05T16:00:51 <colinclark> and it looks like Nadia is doing the primary Dspace design
2015-10-05T16:03:10 <Justin_o> avtar: have you seen this https://codeship.com
2015-10-05T16:03:19 <avtar> colinclark: sounds good
2015-10-05T16:04:32 <michelled> simonjb: I have a meeting at 2:00 today - do you want to meet with me when that\'s done, or would you prefer tomorrow?
2015-10-05T16:04:51 <michelled> I have vet appointments tomorrow, so I\'m not exactly sure what time I\'ll be available.
2015-10-05T16:05:00 <michelled> otherwise, in person on Wednesday or Thursday
2015-10-05T16:07:26 <avtar> Justin_o: this looks interesting.. i\'ll check it out today
2015-10-05T16:07:28 <avtar> thanks!
2015-10-05T16:07:35 <Justin_o> avtar: np
2015-10-05T16:33:16 <cindyli> colinclark: as mentioned in the standup, I\'m going to send an email to start the process of moving the FD tool into gpii. the move includes the relocation of these things: github code repo; JIRAs, and documentation. i wanna ask who in the gpii team can work with us on this move. which email list do you think i should send the email to? archetecture list?
2015-10-05T16:33:36 <colinclark> yep, the architecture list
2015-10-05T16:33:41 <colinclark> I\'d use avtar\'s recent email as a model
2015-10-05T16:34:02 <colinclark> http://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/architecture/2015-October/003645.html
2015-10-05T16:34:19 <colinclark> It sounds like anastasiac is working on the documentation
2015-10-05T16:34:41 <cindyli> cool. thanks, colinclark.
2015-10-05T16:35:37 <cindyli> yes, we can start moving code and JIRAs
2015-10-05T16:35:56 <cindyli> and figure out a place for the documenatation when they are ready
2015-10-05T16:36:14 <cindyli> michelled: can you refresh my memory why we want to move the FD tool to gpii?
2015-10-05T16:39:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-05T16:44:33 <cindyli> anastasiac: I noticed you are working on FLOE-425 to move fd tool docs to a new docs site. where would these docs be moved to?
2015-10-05T16:45:47 <anastasiac> cindyli, we\xe2\x80\x99re planning to deploy them to their own website. We haven\xe2\x80\x99t decided on a domain name yet :-)  The github repo will be https://github.com/fluid-project/docs-first-discovery (which exists but is still empty)
2015-10-05T16:46:22 * danayo has quit
2015-10-05T16:46:56 <cindyli> ok. thanks, anastasiac. so we have a plan for fd tool docs. they don\'t necessarily need to be moved to a gpii namespaced place, such as gpii wiki
2015-10-05T16:47:14 <anastasiac> right, cindyli, the plan is: their own website
2015-10-05T16:47:23 <cindyli> nice. thanks, anastasiac
2015-10-05T16:53:15 <simonjb> sorry michelled, I just saw your message (was eating lunch) - can we do tomorrow?
2015-10-05T16:53:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T17:09:49 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-05T17:13:10 <jhung> anastasiac: fyi, I am updating the readme files for docs-template and docs-core. If there\'s anything you\'d like to have included, let me know.
2015-10-05T17:13:28 <anastasiac> oh, yes, jhung, there is :-)
'

