b'2015-10-07T17:52:07 <Bosmon> I wonder where it has gone
2015-10-07T17:52:31 <Bosmon> aha, .vagrant
2015-10-07T17:52:47 <gtirloni> probably vagrant base box (~/.vagrant.d/boxes)
2015-10-07T17:52:51 <gtirloni> yea
2015-10-07T17:53:29 <colinclark> Bosmon: It\'s easy to customize at least
2015-10-07T17:53:32 <colinclark> the port number
2015-10-07T17:53:39 <colinclark> but I also had conflicts on my machine
2015-10-07T17:53:45 <Bosmon> Ah yes, here it is, 1.4G file in home/VirtualBox VMs/first-discovery-server_default_1444239976859_92879
2015-10-07T17:53:55 <Bosmon> Fairly reasonable, really
2015-10-07T17:54:09 <colinclark> I can\'t wait until we\'re using something like CoreOS or Atomic
2015-10-07T17:54:18 <colinclark> and the VM footprint will be half this or less
2015-10-07T17:54:18 <Bosmon> You\'re so hip
2015-10-07T17:54:21 <colinclark> :P
2015-10-07T17:54:31 <Bosmon> I don\'t even know what that means :)
2015-10-07T17:54:33 <colinclark> Transactional package management
2015-10-07T17:54:39 <colinclark> plus smaller base OS images
2015-10-07T17:54:58 <colinclark> gtirloni is rolling his eyes at me again, I\'m sure :) :)
2015-10-07T17:55:22 <colinclark> http://www.projectatomic.io/
2015-10-07T17:55:29 <gtirloni> haha
2015-10-07T17:56:06 <gtirloni> I don\'t know about a Vagrant box using Atomic.. but our CentOS KVM image is the same size or smaller than the Atomic KVM image they provide
2015-10-07T17:56:07 <colinclark> "Yes, I\'ll get on using that tool that is stil at version 0.x and has a huge warning at the top saying DON\'T USE THIS IN PRODUCTION!"
2015-10-07T17:56:25 <colinclark> gtirloni: How come our Vagrant box is so big?
2015-10-07T17:56:32 <gtirloni> it isn\'t
2015-10-07T17:56:36 <gtirloni> hehe
2015-10-07T17:56:39 <colinclark> hahaha
2015-10-07T17:56:41 <gtirloni> the .box file is 539M
2015-10-07T17:56:46 <colinclark> ah fascinating
2015-10-07T17:56:53 <colinclark> then add another 900M of micro modules :P
2015-10-07T17:58:22 <gtirloni> i wouldn\'t be surprised.. 99% will be metadata though :)
2015-10-07T17:58:25 <colinclark> yep
2015-10-07T17:58:33 <colinclark> and I assume the VM needs some free space, too :)
2015-10-07T17:58:33 <gtirloni> let me check what is taking up all that space, i have an atomic vagrant box here to compare
2015-10-07T17:58:41 <colinclark> you do?
2015-10-07T17:58:43 <colinclark> wow, cool
2015-10-07T17:58:52 <colinclark> Can I use that one, because I\'m hip?
2015-10-07T17:59:10 <colinclark> I can use it as my Rust development box
2015-10-07T17:59:42 <colinclark> For developing all those libraries I working on, which allow you to port code from legacy languages such as Go
2015-10-07T17:59:47 <gtirloni> 405M\tcentos-VAGRANTSLASH-atomic-host/7.20150908/virtualbox
2015-10-07T17:59:47 <gtirloni> 623M\tcoreos-alpha/808.0.0/virtualbox
2015-10-07T17:59:47 <gtirloni> 549M\tinclusivedesign-VAGRANTSLASH-centos7/0.4.1/virtualbox
2015-10-07T17:59:47 <gtirloni> 557M\tinclusivedesign-VAGRANTSLASH-centos7/0.5.0/virtualbox
2015-10-07T17:59:57 <gtirloni> we\'re smaller than coreos!!1
2015-10-07T18:00:01 <colinclark> YES!
2015-10-07T18:01:59 <gtirloni> Bosmon: vagrant might be keeping different versions of the same base box
2015-10-07T18:02:07 <gtirloni> `vagrant box list` will show everything
2015-10-07T18:02:30 <gtirloni> and to remove a specific (old) version: `vagrant box remove inclusivedesign/centos7 --box-version 0.4.1`
2015-10-07T18:03:40 <gtirloni> colinclark: we\'re already only installing @core for our centos image, which contains some fat. what atomic removes, it adds back through k8s/docker packages so they aren\'t much different in disk size. i think they\'re working on trimming it more though
2015-10-07T18:03:48 <Bosmon> colinclark - that is very funny
2015-10-07T18:03:52 <gtirloni> colinclark:  (@core is a group of rpm packages)
2015-10-07T18:04:38 <colinclark> gtirloni: I\'m not too worried about size, though it is very interesting
2015-10-07T18:06:02 <gtirloni> :)
2015-10-07T18:06:36 <gtirloni> you ignited a rust vs. go debate back there.. very brave
2015-10-07T18:08:13 <colinclark> hahaha
2015-10-07T18:08:59 <colinclark> I am excited to have a Node 4.x vagrant box to test with
2015-10-07T18:09:10 <colinclark> I get a lot of kind of vague bug reports on some of my libraries
2015-10-07T18:09:20 <colinclark> and it\'s nice to have something like vagrant to make testing easier
2015-10-07T18:09:43 <colinclark> here\'s an example of one, gtirloni: https://github.com/colinbdclark/osc.js/issues/32#issuecomment-145348757
2015-10-07T18:14:40 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-07T18:15:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-07T18:16:05 <gtirloni> colinclark: i think you should reply with just "pay me"
2015-10-07T18:16:10 <colinclark> hahaha
2015-10-07T18:16:29 <colinclark> WON\'T FIX, REWRITING IN GO
2015-10-07T18:17:45 <gtirloni> don\'t forget to check your function\'s err codes :)
2015-10-07T18:21:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: catching up on the version talk
2015-10-07T18:22:10 <Justin_o> colinclark, Bosmon: we were talking about writing a grunt task / plugin or node script for this.
2015-10-07T18:22:20 <Justin_o> but we\'d probably do the first one manually
2015-10-07T18:22:26 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2015-10-07T18:22:33 <Justin_o> so we can unpublish what\'s up there
2015-10-07T18:22:46 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-07T18:23:06 <Justin_o> so the next version will be 2.0.0-dev.iso8601timestamp.hash
2015-10-07T18:23:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2015-10-07T18:23:22 <Justin_o> i just have to figure out how to create that iso 8601 time stamp
2015-10-07T18:23:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yup - you can use my 2007 impl as a skeleton :)
2015-10-07T18:24:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: this one? https://github.com/rsf/RSFComponents/blob/master/templates/src/webapp/content/js/ISO8601-date.js
2015-10-07T18:24:30 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that one, yes
2015-10-07T18:24:46 <Bosmon> Just need to pack the segments together differently
2015-10-07T18:25:02 <Justin_o> the segments of the timestamp?
2015-10-07T18:25:04 <Bosmon> yes
2015-10-07T18:26:17 <Justin_o> do you have a "spec" of how they should be organized
2015-10-07T18:26:31 <Justin_o> I\'ll want to convert a string that looks like this "2015-10-07 12:46:57 -0400"
2015-10-07T18:26:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o ???
2015-10-07T18:27:11 <Bosmon> We want our strings to look like this: 20151007T152752Z
2015-10-07T18:27:20 <Bosmon> So they don\'t have characters which are illegal in version strings
2015-10-07T18:27:28 <Bosmon> THis is a valid ISO-8601 profile
2015-10-07T18:27:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, but i\'ll start from a string that looks like  "2015-10-07 12:46:57 -0400" and need to convert it to yours
2015-10-07T18:27:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that seems completely crazy
2015-10-07T18:28:03 <Bosmon> Why wouldn\'t you start from a Date object?
2015-10-07T18:28:04 <Justin_o> i have to start with some date :)
2015-10-07T18:28:16 <Bosmon> Talk about "making a rod for your own back" : P
2015-10-07T18:28:17 <Justin_o> because i want to start with the time of the commit not the time of the publish
2015-10-07T18:29:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - see following http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3814926/git-commit-date
2015-10-07T18:29:13 <Bosmon> git show -s --format=%ct <mytagname>^{commit}
2015-10-07T18:29:13 <Bosmon> which gives UNIX timestamp: 1383740557
2015-10-07T18:30:22 <Justin_o> is it easier to convert from that.. i mean does your tool already do that
2015-10-07T18:30:35 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there isn\'t really a tool, there\'s just a function :)
2015-10-07T18:30:43 <Bosmon> And it\'s as simple as calling new Date(timestamp)
2015-10-07T18:31:01 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: today\'s community meeting will be about a11y assessment. we will be meeting in the collaboration room locally or in fluid-standup remotely
2015-10-07T18:31:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah thanks
2015-10-07T18:31:21 <Bosmon> https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date#Parameters
2015-10-07T18:31:30 <Justin_o> i\'ll have to do this after the community meeting though
2015-10-07T18:31:33 <Bosmon> Remember to multiply by 1000 :)
2015-10-07T18:35:11 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-10-07T18:36:01 * michelled1 joined the channel
2015-10-07T18:43:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-07T18:52:10 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-07T19:12:52 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-07T19:23:27 * michelled has quit
2015-10-07T19:44:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-07T19:57:43 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-07T19:57:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-07T19:59:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-07T20:07:27 <cindyli> Justin_o: can you review this pull request - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/103
2015-10-07T20:08:43 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-07T20:08:52 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-07T20:11:14 * jhernandez has quit
2015-10-07T20:16:15 <Justin_o> cindyli: sure
2015-10-07T20:16:20 <cindyli> thanks
2015-10-07T20:16:42 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'ll probably do it tomorrow
2015-10-07T20:16:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: I think i\'ll do the npm publishing stuff tomorrow
2015-10-07T20:17:05 <colinclark> Justin_o: Fair enough
2015-10-07T20:17:05 <cindyli> not a problem, Justin_o
2015-10-07T20:17:25 <Justin_o> colinclark, cindyli: thanks
2015-10-07T20:17:39 <cindyli> :)
2015-10-07T20:19:14 <Justin_o> colinclark: by the way, just a reminder that you are scheduled to lead the community meeting next week
2015-10-07T20:19:28 <colinclark> yep, thans
2015-10-07T20:19:30 <colinclark> thanks
2015-10-07T20:19:38 <colinclark> I will do my best next week to make it interesting
2015-10-07T20:19:45 <colinclark> I want it to be a discussion, not a presentation
2015-10-07T20:19:49 <colinclark> so I guess there will be homework
2015-10-07T20:19:51 <colinclark> :)
2015-10-07T20:23:03 <Justin_o> homework for you or us :)
2015-10-07T20:25:21 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-07T20:27:17 * cindyli has quit
2015-10-07T20:42:34 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-10-07T20:43:05 * anvk has quit
2015-10-07T21:14:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-07T21:16:15 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-10-07T21:34:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-07T21:44:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-07T21:53:07 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-07T23:03:11 * danayo joined the channel
'

b'2015-10-07T15:25:11 <Bosmon> The hash will be good enough to disambiguate, in that rare situation
2015-10-07T15:25:25 <Justin_o> there\'s shouldn\'t be many.. probably a handful at most
2015-10-07T15:25:41 <Bosmon> Given we have NEVER PUBLISHED ANYTHING USABLE TO NPM BEFORE : P
2015-10-07T15:25:50 <Bosmon> How likely is it in the future that we seek to do this TWICE IN THE SAME DAY : P
2015-10-07T15:26:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: well, when it\'s automated it\'ll happen for sure at some point
2015-10-07T15:26:42 <Justin_o> even if it wasn\'t we\'ve had to make pull from master multiple times for various bug fixes on the same day for different projects
2015-10-07T15:26:45 <Justin_o> so it\'ll happen
2015-10-07T15:26:51 <Justin_o> but as we say, probably not a big deal
2015-10-07T15:27:13 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-07T15:27:36 <Justin_o> colinclark, Bosmon: are we happy with this and should i try to publish again?
2015-10-07T15:28:26 <Bosmon> If we really cared, we could use an ISO-8601 timestamp of the form 20151007T152752Z
2015-10-07T15:28:31 <Bosmon> Do you think we care enough? : P
2015-10-07T15:28:39 <Justin_o> i\'m not sure :)
2015-10-07T15:28:53 <Justin_o> that\'s not horribly ugly but our versions are kind of long
2015-10-07T15:29:22 <Bosmon> I quote from the holy writ: "Does semver have a size limit on the version string?
2015-10-07T15:29:22 <Bosmon> No, but use good judgment. A 255 character version string is probably overkill, for example." : P
2015-10-07T15:30:02 <Justin_o> it\'d be something like 2.0.0-dev.20151007T152752Z.8c33cd4
2015-10-07T15:30:08 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-10-07T15:30:08 <Justin_o> which is a far cry from 255 :)
2015-10-07T15:30:14 <Justin_o> but still long
2015-10-07T15:30:15 <Bosmon> It seems acceptable to me
2015-10-07T15:30:17 <Justin_o> okay
2015-10-07T15:30:20 <Justin_o> we could do that
2015-10-07T15:30:45 <Bosmon> These things get cut and pasted anyway
2015-10-07T15:30:50 <Bosmon> Noone is going to type them
2015-10-07T15:31:05 <Justin_o> yah true, it\'s shorter than the commit hash we\'ve been using
2015-10-07T15:31:11 <Justin_o> or about the same anyways
2015-10-07T15:31:24 <Justin_o> and we\'ll have the dev tag for anyone who just wants to use latest
2015-10-07T15:31:30 <Justin_o> and we can add other tags as needed too
2015-10-07T15:32:09 <Bosmon> How fond I already was of ISO-8601 timestamps in 2007 :)
2015-10-07T15:32:44 <Bosmon> https://github.com/rsf/RSFComponents/blob/master/templates/src/webapp/content/js/ISO8601-date.js
2015-10-07T15:33:08 <Bosmon> Of course in that year I wasn\'t equally fond of test cases
2015-10-07T15:33:14 <slim_> kasparnet: ping
2015-10-07T15:33:24 <kasparnet> hey there slim_
2015-10-07T15:33:28 <slim_> ho
2015-10-07T15:33:42 <slim_> \'fraid I slipped on my weds commitment (hangs head in shame)
2015-10-07T15:33:45 <slim_> will do tomorrow
2015-10-07T15:34:05 <Bosmon> Interestingly this can\'t render the format we want : P
2015-10-07T15:36:32 <slim_> kasparnet: is it so bad you nolonger talking to me :(
2015-10-07T15:37:24 <kasparnet> slim_: hehe, as Bosmon can attest to, I\'m quite unstable in my response times sometimes
2015-10-07T15:37:44 <kasparnet> no worries about not making it for today
2015-10-07T15:37:44 <Bosmon> slim_ - be happy if you get a response in the same week : P
2015-10-07T15:37:55 <slim_> Bosmon: hehe
2015-10-07T15:38:16 <slim_> kasparnet: thanks for your timely understanding :-/
2015-10-07T15:38:18 <Bosmon> Incredibly, this blog from 2005 is still up .... http://delete.me.uk/2005/03/iso8601.html
2015-10-07T15:38:52 <slim_> Bosmon: you think i\'m going to click on a random link called Delete.me?
2015-10-07T15:38:58 <slim_> I\'m not that mad !
2015-10-07T15:39:01 <Bosmon> hahaha
2015-10-07T15:39:01 <slim_> hehe
2015-10-07T15:39:10 <Bosmon> That\'s "just what the name of the link is called" : P
2015-10-07T15:39:14 <kasparnet> slim_: and thanks for the update on status -- waaaay better to know that things are delayed than not knowing anything at all
2015-10-07T15:39:29 <slim_> kasparnet: :D
2015-10-07T15:40:17 <slim_> kasparnet: I managed to get Greggs new student up and running with GPII and also pointer her to solutions and prefs so she can go hack
2015-10-07T15:40:24 <slim_> watch this space
2015-10-07T15:40:41 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-10-07T15:41:54 <Bosmon> kasparnet - I just ran into this, and pasted it to colinclark earlier: https://github.com/aseemk/json5
2015-10-07T15:42:00 <Bosmon> I think it\'s pretty exciting
2015-10-07T15:42:09 <Bosmon> Just consider how infuriating it is not to be able to put comments in our NP sets
2015-10-07T15:42:43 <Bosmon> I think we should consider moving over to it as soon as things are a bit quieter
2015-10-07T15:44:30 <kasparnet> yeah - that would be fantastic
2015-10-07T15:44:58 <kasparnet> Bosmon:
2015-10-07T15:47:53 <slim_> ooh I was just talking about JSON not having comments
2015-10-07T15:50:59 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-07T15:51:19 <slim_> saw that before.
2015-10-07T15:51:54 <slim_> I think I\'ll just use config.js files that return objects though - then can have JSON or code
2015-10-07T15:52:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-07T15:52:08 <slim_> return === export
2015-10-07T15:52:59 <colinclark> slim_: It doesn\'t sound like config.js is a very good name for something that has code in it :P
2015-10-07T15:53:02 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-07T15:54:03 <slim_> colinclark: good point - I only meant code to create settings - eg loops. But yes need to be careful
2015-10-07T15:54:03 <slim_> http://blog.getify.com/json-comments/
2015-10-07T15:54:21 <slim_> suggest add comments and pass through minigy prcess before use
2015-10-07T15:54:37 <colinclark> yes, I\'ve read it
2015-10-07T15:54:55 <colinclark> not a very sensible approach
2015-10-07T15:55:18 <slim_> seems OK if already pre processing aother files
2015-10-07T15:55:41 <slim_> but if minify makes it hard to read live files then I agree
2015-10-07T15:56:13 <Justin_o> michelled: I\'m setting up owners for our infusion npm module. could you please follow these instructions and send me your npm user name https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/adduser
2015-10-07T15:57:07 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-07T15:57:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: looking over your comments. https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery-server/pull/2/files#r41407466
2015-10-07T15:58:36 <Justin_o> so i guess that\'s work for another JIRA, but just to be clear the infusion is nested within an node_modules directory
2015-10-07T15:58:46 <Justin_o> as first-discovery is pulled in by npm
2015-10-07T16:00:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah i see, you said directly nested
2015-10-07T16:01:16 <danayo> simonjb: where is the arch meeting happening?
2015-10-07T16:01:21 <Bosmon> ARGH IT IS ARCH ALREADY
2015-10-07T16:01:39 <simonjb> danayo: https://app.gotomeeting.com/?meetingId=705233502
2015-10-07T16:01:40 <danayo> thanks
2015-10-07T16:03:44 <kasparnet> Bosmon, colinclark, sgithens: arch
2015-10-07T16:03:54 <Bosmon> ARCH = ARGH
2015-10-07T16:04:00 <kasparnet> haha
2015-10-07T16:04:29 <colinclark> ARGHITECTURE MEETING
2015-10-07T16:33:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i changed the kettle includes, but get this error now FATAL ERROR: Uncaught exception: Object [object Object] has no method \'loadTestingSupport\'
2015-10-07T16:35:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: could it be related to the version of kettle i\'m using?
2015-10-07T16:35:56 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-07T16:37:06 <Bosmon> Justin_o - which version of kettle are you using?
2015-10-07T16:37:35 <Justin_o> https://github.com/jobara/first-discovery-server/blob/FLOE-423/package.json#L41
2015-10-07T16:37:57 <Justin_o> it was the one that was being used by gpii-express or another example of the server side tests that i found
2015-10-07T16:38:18 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it\'s possible that noone\'s actually included it yet
2015-10-07T16:38:25 <Bosmon> In which case you\'d need to add a require("kettle")
2015-10-07T16:38:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah okay, let me try that
2015-10-07T16:38:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it\'s probably the case because kettle is only used for testing
2015-10-07T16:39:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so if i require("kettle") do i still need to do var kettle = fluid.registerNamespace("kettle");
2015-10-07T16:39:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you can combine them invo var kettle = require("kettle")
2015-10-07T16:39:51 <Bosmon> into
2015-10-07T16:40:25 <colinclark> Justin_o: I believe that the-t-in-rtf uses Kettle only for testing in gpii-express, yes
2015-10-07T16:44:18 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-07T16:44:33 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-07T16:46:34 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, i believe that\'s true
2015-10-07T16:46:43 <Bosmon> it is true
2015-10-07T16:47:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: FLOE-423 is ready for another round of review
2015-10-07T16:56:03 <Bosmon> Thanks for filing GPII-1303, Justin_o - I was halfway through filing it myself before I got sucked into ARGH :)
2015-10-07T16:56:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  no problem, feel free to change it as needed
2015-10-07T16:58:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also for the iso8601 time format, git has a way of displaying your time in different formats but there version of iso8601 doesn\'t look the same as yours
2015-10-07T16:58:31 <Justin_o> for example if you run git log -1 --date=iso
2015-10-07T16:58:37 <Justin_o> you can see the time date format
2015-10-07T16:59:26 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure, you expected we\'d get our format for free? : P
2015-10-07T16:59:54 <Justin_o> i\'d hope so, yes.. it\'d be easier that way :)
2015-10-07T17:00:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: i\'m off to soccer, please let me know if you have any more thoughts on the version stuff and if we should republish now. I\'ll look into when i get back.
2015-10-07T17:00:49 <Bosmon> SOW-CHER!
2015-10-07T17:01:02 <colinclark> I\'m hoping someone can summarize
2015-10-07T17:01:13 <colinclark> but perhaps Bosmon can while you pursue victory, Justin_o
2015-10-07T17:03:01 <Bosmon> colinclark - current proposal - a publish on every push, made by a self-contained script checked into the repo, which produces dev versions of the form fluid-2.0.0-dev.20151007T152752Z.fcd8abe
2015-10-07T17:03:20 <Bosmon> Use of "beta" and "alpha" versions to be avoided except during special limited periods
2015-10-07T17:03:20 <colinclark> far out
2015-10-07T17:03:24 <colinclark> ok
2015-10-07T17:03:48 <colinclark> gtirloni: Are you up for automating this for us?
2015-10-07T17:03:58 <Bosmon> I proposed a possible misuse of the "minor" digit to represent unstable versions for odd numbers
2015-10-07T17:04:05 <colinclark> ah, interesting
2015-10-07T17:04:08 <colinclark> I like that
2015-10-07T17:04:11 <colinclark> What did Justin_o think?
2015-10-07T17:04:18 <Bosmon> He thought it was not semver :)
2015-10-07T17:04:20 <colinclark> a bit like the Linux kernel, right?
2015-10-07T17:04:28 <Bosmon> Yes, a bit like that
2015-10-07T17:05:18 <Bosmon> I guess in theory nothing stops any committer from publishing a "dev" revision from their own branch
2015-10-07T17:05:28 <colinclark> yes, that\'s right
2015-10-07T17:05:45 <Bosmon> Given our version metadata is now long enough to avoid any ambiguity
2015-10-07T17:08:26 <colinclark> yes
2015-10-07T17:15:01 <gtirloni> colinclark: yep
2015-10-07T17:15:26 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-07T17:17:19 <colinclark> awesome!
2015-10-07T17:18:49 <gtirloni> i\'ll start working on this tomorrow morning if that\'s okay, just need to finish some things for today
2015-10-07T17:22:01 <colinclark> totally, gtirloni
2015-10-07T17:24:31 <colinclark> On another note, do you know what kind of pain we will face when we want to move the First Discovery Tool issues from the Fluid to the GPII JIRA instance? https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE/component/11411/
2015-10-07T17:24:36 <colinclark> gtirloni: ^
2015-10-07T17:25:46 <gtirloni> it seems we can use a plugin to perform that
2015-10-07T17:29:03 <colinclark> awesome
2015-10-07T17:37:26 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-07T17:50:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o, gtirloni - I got an interesting failure when trying to run "vagrant up" on Justin_o\'s new first-discovery-server: https://gist.github.com/amb26/b970d8529fee138f4730
2015-10-07T17:50:29 <Bosmon> Could I suggest that we move our default vagrant configs to something other than port 8080, which is used by a huge variety of other things
2015-10-07T17:50:52 <gtirloni> I think that is reasonable
2015-10-07T17:52:05 <Bosmon> This seems to have downloaded something huge which it has put somewhere.....
'

b'2015-10-07T14:58:46 <Bosmon> Please consult the install instructions
2015-10-07T14:59:10 <slim_> we are following them
2015-10-07T14:59:11 <Bosmon> There was some traffic on the list about this recently....
2015-10-07T14:59:15 <slim_> checking again
2015-10-07T14:59:47 <slim_> we have noe 0.12.7 32 bit  - instructions say latest 32 bit
2015-10-07T15:00:01 <Bosmon> slim_ - they don\'t, they say latest 0.10.x 32 bit
2015-10-07T15:00:25 <colinclark> slim_: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Setting_Up_Your_Development_Environment#Versions_to_Use
2015-10-07T15:00:31 <slim_> ahahttps://wiki.gpii.net/w/Setting_Up_Your_Development_Environment
2015-10-07T15:00:38 <Bosmon> And anyway, the "latest 32 bit" is node 4.1.2 : P
2015-10-07T15:00:48 <slim_> download the latest 32-bit version of v0.10.xx (this was tested with v0.10.38)
2015-10-07T15:00:51 <colinclark> won\'t it be awesome when we support it, Bosmon?
2015-10-07T15:00:52 <colinclark> :)
2015-10-07T15:00:54 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-10-07T15:00:56 <colinclark> 4.x
2015-10-07T15:00:57 <Bosmon> I am working on it AS WE SPEAK
2015-10-07T15:01:01 <slim_> haha - even I know that!
2015-10-07T15:01:09 <Bosmon> Although in practice I am working on documenting it first : P
2015-10-07T15:01:19 <slim_> yes I heard - LTS here we go
2015-10-07T15:01:32 <slim_> so we\'ll try with 0.10.x then
2015-10-07T15:01:46 <Bosmon> slim_ - I promise you it will work :)
2015-10-07T15:01:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: point number 2 way above, was to say that if there is something broken in that specific "dev" release then we could go back incrementally by commit
2015-10-07T15:02:11 <slim_> Bosmon: can we just reinstall node or do we need need to clean and build as well
2015-10-07T15:02:15 <Justin_o> by commit i mean by incremental "dev" releases in that case
2015-10-07T15:02:27 <Bosmon> slim_ - just reinstall node should be fine
2015-10-07T15:02:33 <slim_> cool
2015-10-07T15:03:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we could probably write a script or something for publishing, maybe a grunt task :) or something else
2015-10-07T15:03:22 <slim_> Bosmon: I am helping Sharanya set up in Wisconsin
2015-10-07T15:03:33 <Bosmon> Ok, so what I am in favour of now, is i) autopublish on every push, and ii) dev versions taken from commit hashes
2015-10-07T15:03:47 <Bosmon> By my vague count of votes we have 2/3 in favour of i) and 1/3 in favour of ii) : P
2015-10-07T15:03:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m in favour of that if we can make it work
2015-10-07T15:04:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the trick of course is getting the version number correct
2015-10-07T15:04:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - will we write some kind of publish script, that goes in the repo?
2015-10-07T15:04:43 <Bosmon> I assume that in that case, we can make the dev version whatever we like
2015-10-07T15:05:04 <Bosmon> And - will it run as a git commit hook or something, or at least potentially?
2015-10-07T15:05:07 <Justin_o> so for example a version like 2.0.0-dev.1 would take precedence over 2.0.0-beta.1 i believe. Which is probably an issue
2015-10-07T15:05:25 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how would it take precedence? Simply by alphabetical ordering?
2015-10-07T15:05:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: commit hook is interesting
2015-10-07T15:05:45 <Bosmon> Well I guess all this means is that we will just have to do without betas
2015-10-07T15:05:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, by alphabetic ordering
2015-10-07T15:06:00 <Bosmon> Most projects don\'t have them anyway
2015-10-07T15:06:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  we could call dev, alpha
2015-10-07T15:06:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we could just do what node/linux etc. do and reserve even numbered versions for "unstable" releases
2015-10-07T15:06:46 <Justin_o> but i guess we have the problem i mentioned earlier about alpha.1 beta.1 alph.2
2015-10-07T15:06:49 <Bosmon> Although this creates a problem with "0" versions
2015-10-07T15:07:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it\'s also not semver compliant
2015-10-07T15:07:07 <Bosmon> Oh wait
2015-10-07T15:07:11 <Bosmon> even numbers is stable
2015-10-07T15:07:14 <Bosmon> odd numbers is unstable
2015-10-07T15:07:26 <Bosmon> So 2.0.0 could be a stable release, and 2.1.0 would be an unstable one
2015-10-07T15:07:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, it\'s what node.js did for 4 years :)
2015-10-07T15:07:59 <Justin_o> didn\'t they do 0.x for that long
2015-10-07T15:08:04 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-10-07T15:08:15 <Bosmon> But they had 0.10, for example, as a stable line, and 0.11 as an unstable one
2015-10-07T15:08:18 <Justin_o> so that\'s still semver compliant i believe :)
2015-10-07T15:08:22 <Bosmon> gah
2015-10-07T15:08:51 <Bosmon> semver compliance is a mirage anyway
2015-10-07T15:09:01 <Bosmon> Noone can properly determine what is a "breaking change" and what is a "bugfix"
2015-10-07T15:09:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: because they aren\'t really fully compliant
2015-10-07T15:09:19 <Bosmon> The difference is completely illusory, given any reasonable level of documentation and specification of a project
2015-10-07T15:09:20 <Justin_o> they have an FAQ here to help with that http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html :)
2015-10-07T15:09:30 <Justin_o> sure
2015-10-07T15:09:51 <Justin_o> By the way, here\'s something else to keep in mind if we are going to be releasing more often.
2015-10-07T15:10:00 <Justin_o> How should I handle deprecating functionality?
2015-10-07T15:10:00 <Justin_o> Deprecating existing functionality is a normal part of software development and is often required to make forward progress. When you deprecate part of your public API, you should do two things: (1) update your documentation to let users know about the change, (2) issue a new minor release with the deprecation in place. Before you completely remove the
2015-10-07T15:10:00 <Justin_o> functionality in a new major release there should be at least one minor release that contains the deprecation so that users can smoothly transition to the new API.
2015-10-07T15:10:13 <Justin_o> that\'s from the FAQ
2015-10-07T15:10:25 <Bosmon> Yes, it is written there
2015-10-07T15:10:36 <Bosmon> Unfortunately it doesn\'t resolve the issue that the distinction is meaningless : P
2015-10-07T15:11:15 <Justin_o> the last bit there was about deprecation, mostly I\'m mentioning it for the desire to have at least one point release with the deprecation marked
2015-10-07T15:11:18 <slim_> Bosmon: that\'s it thanks - will follow instructions next time
2015-10-07T15:11:19 <Justin_o> before the major release
2015-10-07T15:11:33 <Justin_o> it\'s something we\'ve tried to do in the past anyways, so shouldn\'t be different, just something to remember
2015-10-07T15:13:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: interestingly typescript uses -dev.date for their build versions, but you can see the problem with the 1.6.0-beta coming before any of the 1.6.0-dev.date versions
2015-10-07T15:13:59 <Bosmon> Justin_o - for what purposes does it "come before"?
2015-10-07T15:14:01 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-07T15:14:05 <Justin_o> maybe it doesn\'t matter, the name -dev should denote that it isn\'t stable
2015-10-07T15:14:10 <Justin_o> precedence
2015-10-07T15:14:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what precedence?
2015-10-07T15:14:23 <Bosmon> They are both "pre-release" versions, right?
2015-10-07T15:14:32 <Bosmon> So none of them could take precedence over a normal version
2015-10-07T15:14:39 <Justin_o> that\'s correct
2015-10-07T15:14:44 <Bosmon> So imo that is safe enough
2015-10-07T15:14:46 <Justin_o> so it\'s only if they were asking for a pre-release version
2015-10-07T15:14:50 <Justin_o> okay
2015-10-07T15:15:13 <Bosmon> I think that\'s a perfectly acceptable result - under our new conditions, I think as colinclark has articulated, we expected `normal business` to consist of normal versions
2015-10-07T15:15:25 <Justin_o> the hash is still an issue, but maybe we could do 2.0.0-dev.date.hash
2015-10-07T15:15:35 <Justin_o> which would hopefully mostly keep things in order.
2015-10-07T15:15:40 <Justin_o> if we add the time to that it should
2015-10-07T15:15:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - shouldn\'t the hash actually go in the "build metadata" section?
2015-10-07T15:15:47 <Bosmon> Following a + sign
2015-10-07T15:15:51 <Bosmon> This is what I see from the semver spec
2015-10-07T15:15:53 <Justin_o> :)
2015-10-07T15:16:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, but npm has chosen to ignore that part of the spec
2015-10-07T15:16:12 <Justin_o> which is kind of why we\'ve fallen down this rabbit hole
2015-10-07T15:16:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ignore it for what purposes?
2015-10-07T15:16:17 <Justin_o> or at least one of the reasons why
2015-10-07T15:16:22 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-10-07T15:16:36 <Bosmon> YOu mean we can\'t actually publish a package with + in its publically visible version?
2015-10-07T15:17:02 <Justin_o> https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/6379
2015-10-07T15:17:04 <Justin_o> yep
2015-10-07T15:17:06 <Bosmon> I think whatever we put after "dev", so long as it is derived regularly, will be fine
2015-10-07T15:17:07 <Justin_o> sad isn\'t it
2015-10-07T15:17:20 <Bosmon> And to return to my earlier questions - we\'ll just have a script in our repo which operates this, right?
2015-10-07T15:17:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think that would be the easiest
2015-10-07T15:17:36 <Bosmon> Is it as simple as "npm publish" or is there more to it?
2015-10-07T15:18:07 <Justin_o> the publishing is, but there is probably more to it.. publish takes the version number from the package.json file, but we probably won\'t want to commit 2.0.0-dev.hash for example
2015-10-07T15:18:42 <Bosmon> dev.date.hash has the advantage that all the info can be determined in closed form
2015-10-07T15:18:52 <Bosmon> If we had dev.1.hash etc I don\'t see how it would determine what the next numeral was
2015-10-07T15:19:07 <Justin_o> we\'ll probably also want to use those dist-tags you mentioned last night so we could the latest dev build as "next" or "dev" for whomever just wants whatever is bleeding edge
2015-10-07T15:19:11 <Bosmon> But we would put the date in form yymmdd so that at least the sort order worked correctly
2015-10-07T15:19:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i like dev.date.hash
2015-10-07T15:19:24 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure
2015-10-07T15:19:25 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-07T15:19:33 <Bosmon> So it is seeming we are mostly converged
2015-10-07T15:19:59 <Bosmon> We would have a separate publishing script to npm publish since we wouldn\'t want a version of package.json committed that had a .dev version in it?
2015-10-07T15:20:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, i was saying we could do yymmdd(time) to handle multiple commits on the same day
2015-10-07T15:20:04 <Justin_o> sorry, pushes
2015-10-07T15:20:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think that\'s correct
2015-10-07T15:20:29 <Bosmon> Does npm publish insist on taking all the version info from package.json?
2015-10-07T15:20:32 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-07T15:20:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  i think so
2015-10-07T15:20:47 <Justin_o> https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/publish
2015-10-07T15:21:07 <Justin_o> it doesn\'t seem to have many options
2015-10-07T15:21:17 <Justin_o> i don\'t know if the --tag option here is the same as dist-tag
2015-10-07T15:21:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok - so we\'ll have our own script
2015-10-07T15:21:37 <Bosmon> Perhaps a grunt task
2015-10-07T15:22:04 <Bosmon> Or even a raw node script
2015-10-07T15:22:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we could do one for dev and one for release if we have grunt tasks
2015-10-07T15:22:14 <Justin_o> either should probably work fine
2015-10-07T15:22:18 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-07T15:22:55 <Bosmon> So now we just have to actually ... DO ITT : P
2015-10-07T15:23:01 <Bosmon> DOOO **IIIIITTT**
2015-10-07T15:23:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) yes
2015-10-07T15:23:24 <Justin_o> we could publish a new dev build manually now and another with the script afterwards i guess
2015-10-07T15:23:32 <Bosmon> ok
2015-10-07T15:23:39 <Bosmon> I guess it will be nice just to see what it looks like
2015-10-07T15:23:46 <Bosmon> And see whether we can do it without fucking it up : P
2015-10-07T15:23:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so what about multiple builds on the same day, should we care about their order?
2015-10-07T15:24:01 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the versioning I mentioned will take care of that
2015-10-07T15:24:08 <Justin_o> will it?
2015-10-07T15:24:17 <Bosmon> If we have dev.yymmdd.hash
2015-10-07T15:24:23 <Bosmon> Oh I see
2015-10-07T15:24:26 <Bosmon> No, it won\'t
2015-10-07T15:24:42 <Justin_o> we could do dev.yymmddhhmmss.hash
2015-10-07T15:24:46 <Bosmon> urgh
2015-10-07T15:24:48 <Justin_o> or dev.yymmdd.hhmmss.hash
2015-10-07T15:24:50 <Justin_o> or we could not care
2015-10-07T15:24:53 <Bosmon> And then we would start having to worry about timezones
2015-10-07T15:24:57 <Bosmon> I think that not caring is superior :)
2015-10-07T15:24:59 <Justin_o> oh right
'

b'2015-10-07T00:19:01 * avtar joined the channel
2015-10-07T00:26:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-07T00:31:23 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-07T01:54:48 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-07T07:06:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-10-07T08:04:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-07T08:34:43 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-07T09:09:54 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-07T09:55:26 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-07T10:01:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-07T10:02:23 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-07T10:02:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-07T10:16:42 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-07T10:17:44 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-10-07T10:24:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-07T10:25:26 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-07T10:25:38 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-07T11:04:23 <slim_> Silly Q - what is the P4A start date? I can\'t seem to locate it
2015-10-07T11:47:08 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-07T11:53:59 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-07T12:02:12 * slim_ has quit
2015-10-07T12:23:07 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-10-07T12:53:51 * anvk joined the channel
2015-10-07T12:57:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2015-10-07T12:58:22 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-07T13:00:04 <Justin_o> jhung: could you follow the instructions here https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/adduser and send me your user name
2015-10-07T13:03:15 <jhung> ok Justin_o
2015-10-07T13:03:20 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2015-10-07T13:04:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-07T13:05:53 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please follow the instructions from https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/adduser and send me your user name
2015-10-07T13:06:17 <jhung> Justin_o: jhung is my username
2015-10-07T13:07:31 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-07T13:09:31 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2015-10-07T13:09:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-10-07T13:10:20 <Justin_o> anastasiac: could you please follow the instructions on https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/adduser and send me your user name
2015-10-07T13:12:21 <anastasiac> Justin_o: should I be specifying any particular registry url, orgname?
2015-10-07T13:12:54 <Justin_o> anastasiac: no i don\'t think you\'ll need to do that
2015-10-07T13:12:58 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o
2015-10-07T13:13:06 <Justin_o> I believe that is for the private registries
2015-10-07T13:13:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: could you send me your npm username
2015-10-07T13:13:23 <Justin_o> i\'m adding all the ownders
2015-10-07T13:13:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I\'m not sure I have one
2015-10-07T13:13:25 <Justin_o> owners
2015-10-07T13:13:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  you can create one with https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/adduser
2015-10-07T13:13:38 * anvk has quit
2015-10-07T13:13:40 <Bosmon> Thanks, Justin_o
2015-10-07T13:15:32 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it\'s amb26
2015-10-07T13:15:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2015-10-07T13:17:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: would you mind reviewing https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/642 i think it should be quick
2015-10-07T13:18:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-07T13:23:10 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-07T13:23:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i was looking at the semver again this morning. they have some examples of pre-release precedence 1.0.0-alpha < 1.0.0-alpha.1 < 1.0.0-alpha.beta < 1.0.0-beta < 1.0.0-beta.2 < 1.0.0-beta.11 < 1.0.0-rc.1 < 1.0.0
2015-10-07T13:24:10 <Justin_o> which is giving me some ideas.. unfortunately the commit hash messes up order, so if we decide to keep it we\'ll just have to live with that unfortunately, or we could use a time stamp or incrementing number instead i guess.
2015-10-07T13:25:01 <Justin_o> anyways, what do you think of doing something like 2.0.0-beta.1.dev.(hash/number/date)
2015-10-07T13:25:43 <Justin_o> or 2.0.0-alpha.beta.1.(hash/number/date)
2015-10-07T13:26:01 <Justin_o> i think i prefer the former now that i just wrote it out, because the .(hash/number/date) can be misleading
2015-10-07T13:26:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: ^
2015-10-07T13:34:31 * anvk joined the channel
2015-10-07T13:36:00 <cindyli> Justin_o: my username is cindyli
2015-10-07T13:37:18 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2015-10-07T13:37:35 <cindyli> np
2015-10-07T13:37:43 * kasparnet has quit
2015-10-07T13:44:59 <cindyli> Justin_o: i\'ve merged ur pull request for FLUID-5787
2015-10-07T13:46:18 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks :)
2015-10-07T13:46:30 <cindyli> np
2015-10-07T13:55:34 <anastasiac> cindyli: in this page https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Sticky+Key+Panel+API the events are each described as having a single boolean parameter, but the discriptions don\xe2\x80\x99t make sense. Is this correct?
2015-10-07T13:56:05 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-10-07T13:57:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-10-07T13:58:53 <anastasiac> also, cindyli, the \xe2\x80\x98toggleAssistance\xe2\x80\x99 method on the same page: the parameter has no name, and is just described as \xe2\x80\x98a state\xe2\x80\x99 - what does this mean?
2015-10-07T14:04:43 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2015-10-07T14:06:38 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery-server/pull/2
2015-10-07T14:07:00 * slim__ has quit
2015-10-07T14:07:36 <cindyli1> good catch, anastasiac. making changes. will let you know when it\'s ready for another loook.
2015-10-07T14:07:37 <cindyli1> thanks
2015-10-07T14:07:47 <anastasiac> thanks, cindyli1
2015-10-07T14:09:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-07T14:09:03 <cindyli1> Justin_o: i wonder if Bosmon or colin can take a look on that pull request too since they are more experienced with node and npm
2015-10-07T14:09:23 <Justin_o> sure
2015-10-07T14:11:00 <anastasiac> cindyli: on this page https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Sticky+Key+Panel+-+Text+to+Speech+API the first parameter to speakStickyKeysState: should that be a function, instead of an instance of the component?
2015-10-07T14:14:29 <cindyli> anastasiac: the first parameter should be an instance of the component - https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/blob/master/src/js/panels.js#L362, as well as line 390
2015-10-07T14:15:12 <anastasiac> cindy, that\xe2\x80\x99s the signature of the public, namespaced function. The method on the component just takes the second and third args, no?
2015-10-07T14:15:55 <anastasiac> either that, or the docs are missing the function parameter?
2015-10-07T14:16:01 <anastasiac> cindyli: ^
2015-10-07T14:16:22 <anastasiac> ah, no cindyli, I see it now
2015-10-07T14:16:26 <cindyli> ok
2015-10-07T14:16:27 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m wrong, I get it
2015-10-07T14:16:37 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99ve got the two backward
2015-10-07T14:17:16 <anastasiac> cindyli: isn\xe2\x80\x99t that odd that the method on a component requires that you pass in an instance of that component?
2015-10-07T14:21:27 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I gave some comments on the FD server
2015-10-07T14:21:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think that after the discussion last night, that we were starting to incline towards just going for standard semver, a plain version 2.0.0 and no betas - what do you think, colinclark?
2015-10-07T14:22:26 <Bosmon> Which means that our per-push versions would just become 2.0.0-dev.hash
2015-10-07T14:23:07 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-10-07T14:23:32 <colinclark> We can\'t use .hash, unfortunately
2015-10-07T14:24:07 <cindyli> anastasiac: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Sticky+Key+Panel+API is ready for another look
2015-10-07T14:24:08 <colinclark> but yes, that\'s roughly what I was inclining towards
2015-10-07T14:24:13 <colinclark> and can summarize more in a sec
2015-10-07T14:24:17 <Bosmon> colinclark - what did we discover about .hash?
2015-10-07T14:24:21 <anastasiac> thanks for the update to the wiki page, cindyli
2015-10-07T14:24:42 <cindyli> np
2015-10-07T14:24:50 <cindyli> looking into the method you mentioned
2015-10-07T14:24:55 * slim__ has quit
2015-10-07T14:25:07 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-10-07T14:25:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: question about your comments
2015-10-07T14:25:39 <Justin_o> specifically about https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery-server/pull/2/files#r41395039
2015-10-07T14:25:53 <Justin_o> not sure how you\'d like that factored into a function?
2015-10-07T14:26:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, it looks like we invoke this function with the same arguments a lot
2015-10-07T14:26:22 <Justin_o> ah, stdio option
2015-10-07T14:26:23 <Bosmon> Actually is the stdio argument even necessary?
2015-10-07T14:26:27 <Bosmon> It seems that we don\'t use it
2015-10-07T14:26:32 <Bosmon> The stream, that is
2015-10-07T14:26:41 <Bosmon> Ah, I guess we want to see the output in the console
2015-10-07T14:26:45 <Bosmon> Is that what it does?
2015-10-07T14:26:47 <Justin_o> inherit causes it to output to the parent process stdio
2015-10-07T14:26:53 <Justin_o> yes
2015-10-07T14:26:56 <Bosmon> cool, ok
2015-10-07T14:27:03 <Justin_o> but i should see if it is the default
2015-10-07T14:27:54 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-07T14:27:55 <Bosmon> Wow, Google has forked OpenSSL to "BoringSSL" ......
2015-10-07T14:30:02 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-10-07T14:34:31 <colinclark> So, Justin_o and Bosmon, they very short summary of my thinking since last evening
2015-10-07T14:34:49 <colinclark> We should go ahead and embrace semver fully, and put out regular major releases
2015-10-07T14:34:52 <colinclark> go with the flow
2015-10-07T14:35:04 <colinclark> That doesn\'t preclude us shipping alphas or betas or anything else
2015-10-07T14:35:12 <colinclark> should we want a period of time where we have such things
2015-10-07T14:35:28 <colinclark> but that we shouldn\'t plan for very extended periods of these things in place of major version releases
2015-10-07T14:35:40 <colinclark> We should not publish to npm automatically
2015-10-07T14:35:47 <colinclark> but we should publish dev snapshots to npm when we need to
2015-10-07T14:36:13 <colinclark> I think since the limitations of semver, we\'ll have to just have incrementing numbers for those
2015-10-07T14:36:16 <colinclark> rather than hashes, which sucks
2015-10-07T14:36:28 <Bosmon> colinclark - what are the limitations?
2015-10-07T14:36:35 <colinclark> They have to be numbers
2015-10-07T14:36:39 <colinclark> and commit hashes aren\'t numbers
2015-10-07T14:37:17 <Justin_o> colinclark: i don\'t think they have to be numbers, but they should probably be incremental.
2015-10-07T14:37:37 <Justin_o> colinclark: Identifiers MUST comprise only ASCII alphanumerics and hyphen [0-9A-Za-z-]
2015-10-07T14:38:37 <Justin_o> colinclark: the build metadata all held the same level of precedence which made it nice in terms of it being a randomly generated hash.. too bad npm doesn\'t like that :(
2015-10-07T14:39:03 <colinclark> yes
2015-10-07T14:39:56 <Justin_o> colinclark: so why not release a dev bump every push?
2015-10-07T14:48:36 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-10-07T14:51:37 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-10-07T14:53:48 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-10-07T14:53:48 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2015-10-07T14:55:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - not sure about your point 2)
2015-10-07T14:55:49 <Bosmon> How will we know what "going back a commit or two" even means, unless we know what commit hash we want?
2015-10-07T14:56:18 <Bosmon> If we can make our process of npm publishing as simple as a single command, I\'d be in favour of just doing it on demand
2015-10-07T14:57:14 <Bosmon> And I imagine it would happen "on demand" automatically if we have a nightly CI server
2015-10-07T14:57:50 <slim_> Bosmon: ping
2015-10-07T14:57:55 <Bosmon> Hello slim_
2015-10-07T14:58:17 <Bosmon> What a mess releasing and versioning really is
2015-10-07T14:58:27 <slim_> just trying to build latest code but node ffi fails
2015-10-07T14:58:37 <Bosmon> slim_ - you have the wrong version of node.js installed
'

