b"2015-07-20T19:48:05 <Justin_o> alanharnum: here's my branch of the chart authoring work https://github.com/jobara/chartAuthoring/tree/FLOE-399
2015-07-20T19:50:50 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-20T19:58:53 <Justin_o> alanharnum: i've updated my branch / pull request with the changes we had identified while pairing. Feel free to comment on the pull request if you see anything else.
2015-07-20T19:59:14 <alanharnum> cool - thanks Justin_o
2015-07-20T20:03:54 <alanharnum> walking up to hr briefly to pick up my newly-arrived benefits card, back in a bit
2015-07-20T20:03:57 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-20T20:25:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-20T20:37:10 * jhung has quit
2015-07-20T20:59:33 * michelled has quit
2015-07-20T21:09:59 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-20T21:10:53 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-20T21:11:28 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-20T21:23:20 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-20T21:26:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-20T21:32:46 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-20T21:32:50 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-20T23:03:44 * murilocrivellari has quit
2015-07-20T23:26:56 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-20T23:36:41 * Jess_ has quit
2015-07-20T23:51:28 * avtar has quit
"

b'2015-07-20T02:48:22 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-07-20T05:36:14 * ewbjr has quit
2015-07-20T05:36:46 * sgithens______ has quit
2015-07-20T05:45:22 * ewbjr joined the channel
2015-07-20T05:53:05 * sgithens______ joined the channel
2015-07-20T06:56:13 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T07:30:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-20T07:30:54 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-20T07:31:00 * ewbjr has quit
2015-07-20T07:31:41 * sgithens______ has quit
2015-07-20T07:32:45 * ewbjr joined the channel
2015-07-20T07:45:33 * sgithens______ joined the channel
2015-07-20T08:28:12 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T08:36:00 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-20T09:37:44 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T09:38:05 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-20T10:08:09 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-20T10:08:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-20T10:20:05 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-20T10:39:29 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T11:39:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-20T11:46:22 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-20T11:49:08 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-20T11:52:07 * jhung joined the channel
2015-07-20T11:54:19 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T12:25:59 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-07-20T12:28:13 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-20T12:56:10 * jessm joined the channel
2015-07-20T12:59:37 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-07-20T13:05:51 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-20T13:05:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-20T13:10:09 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-07-20T13:19:29 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-20T13:29:34 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T13:29:42 * gtirloni has quit
2015-07-20T13:32:52 <jhung> anastasiac: Thanks for helping with the UIO path issue! It works great.
2015-07-20T13:36:11 <jhung> could I ask you for additional help anastasiac? I\'ve pushed up changes to my doc-base which includes an updated Infusion. Could you help me by deleting what isn\'t required and updating the Version.md file?
2015-07-20T13:36:37 <jhung> I attempted this myself by following what was already written in the Version.md file and it didn\'t work. I suspect the Version.md file may be out of sync with recent changes?
2015-07-20T13:46:19 <anastasiac> jhung, sure, I\xe2\x80\x99ll have a look, and i\xe2\x80\x99ll update the version file
2015-07-20T13:46:58 <jhung> thanks anastasiac!
2015-07-20T13:50:24 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2015-07-20T13:52:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon2: are you available for some questions?
2015-07-20T13:52:12 <Justin_o> regarding model relay
2015-07-20T14:00:24 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-07-20T14:00:36 <anastasiac> jhung, just to double-check: in doc-base, should I be working off master?
2015-07-20T14:07:29 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-07-20T14:09:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-07-20T14:11:54 <jhung_away> anastasiac: yes.
2015-07-20T14:11:59 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2015-07-20T14:12:15 <jhung> i\'m going to delete that other branch now
2015-07-20T14:26:43 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-20T14:28:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-20T14:29:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-20T14:36:29 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-07-20T14:39:56 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-07-20T14:43:12 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-07-20T14:45:20 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-07-20T14:45:20 <Justin_o> simonjb: ah okay, that\'s true
2015-07-20T14:45:20 <Justin_o> michelled: when would be a good time for you?
2015-07-20T14:56:25 * michelled has quit
2015-07-20T14:57:02 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-20T14:58:48 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-20T14:58:50 <jhung> michelled: are we having a Floe meeting today?
2015-07-20T15:00:32 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T15:00:35 * michelled1 joined the channel
2015-07-20T15:01:01 <michelled1> jhung: we are meeting in the fluid-standup vidyo room
2015-07-20T15:01:15 <michelled1> murilocrivellari: we are meeting at the back
2015-07-20T15:01:17 <jhung> ok thanks michelled
2015-07-20T15:03:26 * anastasiac has quit
2015-07-20T15:03:38 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-20T15:04:38 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-20T15:07:46 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-20T15:07:46 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-20T15:52:22 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-07-20T15:58:00 * gtirloni has quit
2015-07-20T15:58:05 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T16:00:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-20T16:00:21 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-20T16:02:02 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-20T16:02:38 * gtirloni_ has quit
2015-07-20T16:03:36 * michelled1 has quit
2015-07-20T16:05:47 * michelled has quit
2015-07-20T16:09:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: wanted to check in on the state of pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/591
2015-07-20T16:10:20 <Justin_o> if it just needs testing, we can arrange for a time to do that as a group
2015-07-20T16:30:23 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o - I believe it is in the state where it just needs testing, yes
2015-07-20T16:30:39 <Bosmon> I\'ve addressed all of colinclark\'s feedback on it so far
2015-07-20T16:30:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  okay.. i can try to arrange for a time to gather people.. maybe tomorrow afternoon.
2015-07-20T16:30:54 <Justin_o> do you know if colin will want to be at that?
2015-07-20T16:31:06 <Bosmon> I think he doesn\'t need to be there
2015-07-20T16:31:14 <Bosmon> I believe he\'s on Wed-Fri for the rest of this month?
2015-07-20T16:31:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yep, something like that.. okay i\'ll try to book a day for it though
2015-07-20T16:31:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you know what pull requests we want to get in before that one?
2015-07-20T16:32:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I don\'t think it depends on any in particular
2015-07-20T16:32:12 <Bosmon> It should be up to date with the current state of trunk
2015-07-20T16:33:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess i mean, are there other things we\'d like to have in as part of a potential 1.9
2015-07-20T16:33:23 <Justin_o> or things that would be hard to update after the big one goes in
2015-07-20T16:33:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I don\'t think it matters particularly - given how unlikely it is that we ever do anything with 1.9 :)
2015-07-20T16:34:20 <Bosmon> None of the pull requests outstanding are particularly bulky
2015-07-20T16:34:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. I\'m looking at https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/611 right now for maozillah
2015-07-20T16:35:22 <Justin_o> there are some selectors that are changed in there, so i\'m thinking about branching before that one goes in.. should we just "close off" the 1.9 line now and create our 1.9 branch?
2015-07-20T16:35:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think it makes little difference
2015-07-20T16:35:51 <Bosmon> We should just create the 1.9 branch whenever we are ready to merge 591
2015-07-20T16:36:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess i don\'t want to add more api breaking changes before then
2015-07-20T16:36:22 <Bosmon> I don\'t think 611 will generate any significant conflicts
2015-07-20T16:36:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - remember that the baseline you are comparing "API breaking" against is the 1.5 release
2015-07-20T16:36:50 * anvk joined the channel
2015-07-20T16:36:53 <Bosmon> So anything we do in the next couple of weeks will be insignificant compared to that : P
2015-07-20T16:37:29 <Bosmon> UIO/prefs framework is already very substantially different to the way it was in 1.5
2015-07-20T16:37:49 <Bosmon> Just think of the "terms" stuff, etc.
2015-07-20T16:37:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. i guess that\'s true.. which reminds me i should make sure there is a doc pull to go with that one
2015-07-20T16:38:10 <Bosmon> cool
2015-07-20T16:38:24 <Bosmon> I can\'t remember what we had decided about moving our remaining docs out of the wiki?
2015-07-20T16:38:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also, when you get a chance could you look at my open infusion pull requests
2015-07-20T16:38:38 <Bosmon> It seems that we don\'t yet have any markdownified version of ToC docs
2015-07-20T16:38:43 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cheers, will do
2015-07-20T16:38:54 <Bosmon> Sorry I\'ve been inattentive the last week, I was away presenting at PPIG
2015-07-20T16:38:55 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-20T16:39:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah i don\'t know either..  we should probably sort that out again
2015-07-20T16:39:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how\'d that go?
2015-07-20T16:39:45 <Bosmon> It seemed to go pretty well
2015-07-20T16:39:52 <Bosmon> Noone hurled vegetables at me in outrage
2015-07-20T16:40:40 <Justin_o> lol
2015-07-20T16:40:45 <Justin_o> that\'s good
2015-07-20T16:44:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-20T16:57:00 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-20T17:02:15 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-20T17:05:14 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-20T17:34:23 * avtar joined the channel
2015-07-20T17:41:48 * jessm has quit
2015-07-20T17:57:13 <michelled> hi Bosmon
2015-07-20T18:00:36 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-07-20T18:08:59 * michelled has quit
2015-07-20T18:09:05 * michelled1 joined the channel
2015-07-20T18:12:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-20T18:14:55 <Justin_o> michelled1: i was talking to Bosmon about the pull request.. we can start testing it
2015-07-20T18:15:04 <Justin_o> would tomorrow afternoon be a good time?
2015-07-20T18:15:58 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-20T18:20:37 * michelled1 has quit
2015-07-20T18:25:44 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T18:26:04 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-20T18:29:38 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-20T18:30:29 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-07-20T18:35:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-20T18:49:14 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-20T18:50:19 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-20T19:15:11 * michelled has quit
2015-07-20T19:30:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-20T19:34:26 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-20T19:37:13 * michelled has quit
2015-07-20T19:40:15 * michelled joined the channel
'

