b'2015-07-21T18:12:01 * avtar has left the channel
2015-07-21T18:34:52 * clown has quit
2015-07-21T18:39:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-21T18:42:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T18:44:44 * clown joined the channel
2015-07-21T18:44:47 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2015-07-21T18:48:47 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-21T18:50:47 * Jess_ has quit
2015-07-21T18:52:23 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-21T18:59:24 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-21T19:02:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-21T19:03:58 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-21T19:07:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T19:10:34 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-07-21T19:18:00 <simonjb> anastasiac: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5713
2015-07-21T19:18:09 <anastasiac> thanks, simon
2015-07-21T19:30:47 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-21T19:45:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T19:49:01 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: you can test off of the instance that gtirloni set up http://tor1-tst-app01.inclusivedesign.ca/
2015-07-21T20:03:00 <anastasiac> Justin_o, simonjb: Is this working for you? http://tor1-tst-app01.inclusivedesign.ca/demos/prefsFramework/
2015-07-21T20:04:03 <simonjb> anastasiac: no, broken for me
2015-07-21T20:04:06 <anastasiac> the path to the templates and message files is wrong
2015-07-21T20:04:15 <anastasiac> ok, I\xe2\x80\x99ll add that as a comment on the pull request
2015-07-21T20:09:00 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-21T20:13:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T20:28:12 * anvk has quit
2015-07-21T20:30:39 * avtar joined the channel
2015-07-21T20:30:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-21T20:38:47 * clown_mtg has quit
2015-07-21T20:42:34 * gtirloni has quit
2015-07-21T20:55:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-07-21T21:01:58 * sepideh has left the channel
2015-07-21T21:03:34 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-21T21:05:24 * michelled has quit
2015-07-21T21:05:41 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-21T21:07:31 * michelled has quit
2015-07-21T21:07:50 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-21T21:09:38 * michelled has quit
2015-07-21T21:09:55 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-21T21:10:48 * michelled has quit
2015-07-21T21:20:27 * jhung has quit
2015-07-21T21:30:07 * anastasiac has quit
2015-07-21T21:31:41 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-21T21:37:48 * simonjb has quit
2015-07-21T21:50:03 * maozillah has quit
2015-07-21T22:48:12 * Justin_o has quit
2015-07-21T23:02:45 * avtar has quit
2015-07-21T23:03:44 * murilocrivellari has quit
'

b'2015-07-21T01:08:33 * jhernandez has quit
2015-07-21T02:54:36 * jhung joined the channel
2015-07-21T02:55:06 * jhung has quit
2015-07-21T02:59:56 * jhung joined the channel
2015-07-21T03:27:05 * anvk has quit
2015-07-21T03:27:58 * anvk joined the channel
2015-07-21T03:42:42 * jhung has quit
2015-07-21T10:22:35 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-07-21T11:26:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-21T11:26:28 * the-t-in-rtf has left the channel
2015-07-21T11:26:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-21T12:01:40 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-07-21T12:06:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-07-21T12:14:25 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-07-21T12:15:52 * jhung joined the channel
2015-07-21T12:20:22 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-21T12:20:31 <michelled> jhernandez: hi are you there?
2015-07-21T12:24:14 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-21T13:10:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T13:13:37 <Justin_o> alanharnum: did you look at http://paperjs.org
2015-07-21T13:13:51 <Justin_o> they have some stuff for the keyboard, http://paperjs.org/tutorials/interaction/keyboard-interaction/
2015-07-21T13:13:57 <Justin_o> but we\'d need to track a lot
2015-07-21T13:14:01 <Justin_o> probably
2015-07-21T13:14:17 <alanharnum> no, didn\'t look at it, but looks interesting
2015-07-21T13:14:31 <Justin_o> unless the keyboard is just moving along the "shadow dom" and we just relay things back to the canvas
2015-07-21T13:17:19 <alanharnum> on the whole for our current use case i think SVG is going to be easier for accessibility, based on what i\'ve read so far
2015-07-21T13:17:42 <alanharnum> not perfect, but the standard techniques exist & are supported in some browsers
2015-07-21T13:17:57 <jhernandez> michelled: hey
2015-07-21T13:18:00 <jhernandez> yes and no
2015-07-21T13:18:06 <jhernandez> I\'m here, but today I\'m off
2015-07-21T13:18:14 <jhernandez> it\'s bank holiday here in belgium
2015-07-21T13:18:52 <jhernandez> drop me a mail if you need anything from me
2015-07-21T13:18:53 <jhernandez> :)
2015-07-21T13:18:56 <Justin_o> alanharnum: did you talk at all about what browser support we are aiming for?
2015-07-21T13:20:34 <michelled> ah, have a good day off jhernandez - we can chat tomorrow - particularly if the arch meeting is short
2015-07-21T13:22:08 <alanharnum> Justin_o: a bit - what cindyli found is that tabindex + aria can make SVG elements accessible in current Chrome/Safari, but not FF/IE
2015-07-21T13:22:50 <alanharnum> this seems to be FF bug about FF not supporting tabindex in SVG: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=778654
2015-07-21T13:27:15 <Justin_o> looks like it\'s gone dormant... which is unfortunate because it was close
2015-07-21T13:28:08 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-07-21T13:29:29 <alanharnum> i vote for going south to the Mozilla offices and yelling at them to fix it for us, in the spirit of open source
2015-07-21T13:29:32 <alanharnum> ;)
2015-07-21T13:29:44 <Justin_o> sepideh: did you see this... it\'s from a site alanharnum posted on friday https://www.openhub.net/p/infusion/contributors/summary
2015-07-21T13:30:26 <Justin_o> alanharnum: :)
2015-07-21T13:30:34 <Justin_o> maybe we could start by pinging them in IRC
2015-07-21T13:31:34 <alanharnum> ya - it would be good to have an update about the status of that work.
2015-07-21T13:35:07 <Justin_o> alanharnum: i pinged davadb in the the mozilla accessibility channel. he\'s not sure what the current plans are, but said he\'d ask around again
2015-07-21T13:35:20 <alanharnum> cool thanks
2015-07-21T13:35:21 <Justin_o> that should have been davidb
2015-07-21T13:41:20 * maozillah joined the channel
2015-07-21T14:02:06 * clown joined the channel
2015-07-21T14:04:23 * avtar joined the channel
2015-07-21T14:05:12 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-07-21T14:07:45 * jessm joined the channel
2015-07-21T14:14:44 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-07-21T14:15:05 * simonjb has quit
2015-07-21T14:18:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-07-21T14:34:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T14:43:08 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-21T14:44:57 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-07-21T14:58:53 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-21T15:00:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T15:06:29 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-21T15:06:34 * slim_ has quit
2015-07-21T15:11:46 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-07-21T15:14:44 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-21T15:23:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T15:23:59 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-07-21T15:28:38 * michelled joined the channel
2015-07-21T15:29:38 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-21T15:51:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T16:09:38 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-21T16:12:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T16:22:34 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: over the past several months, Bosmon has been hard at work making significant changes to the framework. The pull request is quite large and has undergone code review by colinclark. However, for such a large change that affects basically everything in Infusion, it will require a team effort to perform the necessary testing. The goal is to do a
2015-07-21T16:22:35 <Justin_o> pass over the pull request and ensure its quality. We\'d really like it to be production worthy or near production worthy.
2015-07-21T16:22:55 <Justin_o> I\'ve setup a wiki page to organize the testing tasks. https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Testing+Tasks
2015-07-21T16:23:27 <Justin_o> All of these tasks should be performed against the code from the pull request, and if bugs found, verified against master.
2015-07-21T16:23:50 <Justin_o> Any bugs found in the pull request should be documented on the pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/591
2015-07-21T16:24:27 <Justin_o> Ideally we\'d like to wrap up testing today, or early tomorrow. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks
2015-07-21T16:24:38 <michelled> Justin_o: I wonder if you can make a build using the pull request and make it accessible to everyone
2015-07-21T16:24:53 <michelled> that way people who don\'t have their systems set up can also participate
2015-07-21T16:25:05 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-21T16:25:14 <Justin_o> michelled: you mean serve an instance?
2015-07-21T16:25:52 <michelled> yeah, I\'m sure gtirloni can help with it
2015-07-21T16:27:04 * jessm has quit
2015-07-21T16:27:52 <Justin_o> gtirloni: would you be able to help set that up?
2015-07-21T16:27:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-07-21T16:29:58 <gtirloni> sure, is it a prefs server with test data only?
2015-07-21T16:31:19 <Justin_o> gtirloni: it\'s another build of infusion
2015-07-21T16:32:24 <gtirloni> ok, i think i\'m not sure what an instance would be in that case. are there instructions that i could follow to set it up?
2015-07-21T16:35:14 <Justin_o> gtirloni: you just need to create a build ( https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion#infusion-all-build ) or i could do that for you
2015-07-21T16:35:29 <Justin_o> and then serve it somewhere, kind of like what is used on the daily build site
2015-07-21T16:36:13 <Justin_o> but the build would need to be generated from this particular fork/branch https://github.com/amb26/infusion/tree/FLUID-5249
2015-07-21T16:36:28 <Justin_o> gtirloni: ^
2015-07-21T16:37:08 <gtirloni> ok, i\'ll check that and try to create the build here
2015-07-21T16:38:02 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks.. it\'s not something that has to be done all the time, we just need something for this testing push
2015-07-21T16:47:12 * gtirloni has quit
2015-07-21T16:48:11 <Justin_o> alanharnum: i have a simple pie chart based on the pie chart example from http://square.github.io/intro-to-d3/
2015-07-21T16:48:31 <alanharnum> cool!
2015-07-21T16:48:42 <Justin_o> i\'ve added a tabindex and aria-label to each slice
2015-07-21T16:48:52 <Justin_o> which seem to be working fine in safari and voiceOver
2015-07-21T16:49:04 <alanharnum> yeah I will say after some time exploring D3, it\'s not as hard as all that once you understand the paradigm
2015-07-21T16:49:17 <alanharnum> this was a big help http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000345/index.html
2015-07-21T16:49:52 <alanharnum> it\'s from 2013, but has super-clear explanations of how D3 does data binding to DOM objects, and how its selectors work, which were the two biggest obstacles in my understanding
2015-07-21T16:50:13 <Justin_o> alanharnum: ah cool.. i\'ll have to look at that
2015-07-21T16:51:06 <Justin_o> alanharnum: i think we should be able to simplify a bunch of the setup (at least for a pie chart) with an infusion wrapper.
2015-07-21T16:51:16 <alanharnum> yeah that\'s where my thoughts are trending to
2015-07-21T16:51:45 <alanharnum> i am honestly not sure that using a higher-level framework built on D3 is going to reduce our overhead that much
2015-07-21T16:51:57 <alanharnum> and it will make integration with Infusion all the more complicated.
2015-07-21T16:52:47 <Justin_o> alanharnum: yes.. especially if we are creating a wrapper anyways.. but admittedly i haven\'t really looked at the higher-level frameworks..
2015-07-21T16:53:12 <alanharnum> from what i\'ve seen so far, they\'re mostly about giving you canned charts with some customizability
2015-07-21T16:53:35 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-07-21T16:53:42 <alanharnum> and don\'t have a huge amount of flexibility
2015-07-21T16:54:01 <alanharnum> i am not sure how much effort in time and understanding they\'d actually save us
2015-07-21T16:54:36 <Justin_o> alanharnum: okay.. doesn\'t sound like they are worth it in that case.. especially since they\'d add more overhead to file size and etc.
2015-07-21T16:55:17 <alanharnum> yeah - i don\'t think building our own selection of charts using D3 + Infusion would be too hard
2015-07-21T16:55:39 <alanharnum> and it would gave us much more control over accessibility and flexibility and configurability, which are very important for us
2015-07-21T16:55:53 <Justin_o> alanharnum: i\'d agree at least in the case of the pie chart.. not sure about more complex ones.. haven\'t tried those yet
2015-07-21T16:56:13 <Justin_o> yes.. definitely the extra control for improving a11y and flexibility is necessary
2015-07-21T17:02:35 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-07-21T17:11:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: have you run a build with from your branch?
2015-07-21T17:11:51 <Bosmon> Hi alanharnum, Justin_o - michelled told me there might be something you might want me to look at?
2015-07-21T17:11:55 <Justin_o> i\'m getting an error when i run "grunt"
2015-07-21T17:11:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I haven\'t
2015-07-21T17:12:05 <Bosmon> I see
2015-07-21T17:12:18 <Justin_o> i think there might be something wrong with a dependency file or something
2015-07-21T17:12:47 <Bosmon> ok
2015-07-21T17:12:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what michelled is referring to is probably this https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/pull/3
2015-07-21T17:12:59 <Justin_o> if you could code review that when you have a chance, that would be great.
2015-07-21T17:13:20 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i think there is a bug with the branch and building, i\'ve mentioned it to Bosmon just now
2015-07-21T17:22:18 <Bosmon> Justin_o - hi, I\'m just fixing the dependencies issue now
2015-07-21T17:22:26 <Bosmon> Can you remind me about the status of files like this one: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/preferences/css/FullNoPreviewPrefsEditor.css
2015-07-21T17:22:37 <Bosmon> It seems that they are generated by the build process - but they are checked in all the same?
2015-07-21T17:22:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: they shouldn\'t be checked in
2015-07-21T17:23:00 <Justin_o> they should only be built
2015-07-21T17:23:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, so it is a bug that they are checked in?
2015-07-21T17:23:37 * alanharnum has quit
2015-07-21T17:23:47 <Bosmon> It seems that we have had this file in our repo for nearly 2 years
2015-07-21T17:23:59 <jhung> anastasiac: do you want to chat re: PhET sonification?
2015-07-21T17:24:11 <anastasiac> ok, jhung
2015-07-21T17:29:59 <Bosmon> Ok, this is pretty weird - I see that they are actually ignored in .gitignore
2015-07-21T17:30:05 <Bosmon> But I see that they have been committed all the same
2015-07-21T17:30:29 <Bosmon> All of them minus Enactors.css
2015-07-21T17:33:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - OK, I\'ve updated my pull request branch with a fix for the build issue and removed the excess CSS files
2015-07-21T17:58:51 <gtirloni> Justin_o, after running grunt, it generated: http://tor1-tst-app01.inclusivedesign.ca/products/infusion-all-2.0.0-SNAPSHOT.zip
2015-07-21T18:03:23 <avtar> gtirloni: the contents of that zip archive need to be extracted and served by a web server
2015-07-21T18:05:37 <gtirloni> ok
2015-07-21T18:05:47 <gtirloni> http://tor1-tst-app01.inclusivedesign.ca  -- points to the extracted file
2015-07-21T18:05:51 <gtirloni> Justin_o, ^
2015-07-21T18:10:50 * sepideh has quit
2015-07-21T18:11:47 * sepideh joined the channel
'

