b'2015-05-08T01:17:34 * jhung joined the channel
2015-05-08T03:07:09 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-08T12:16:23 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-05-08T12:30:51 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-05-08T12:39:15 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-08T12:43:47 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-08T12:47:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-08T13:07:17 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-05-08T13:17:17 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-08T13:34:42 * yzen joined the channel
2015-05-08T13:42:32 <jhernandez> Bosmon: bonjour ANTVANIQUE!
2015-05-08T13:42:40 <jhernandez> Bosmon7:
2015-05-08T13:43:02 <Bosmon7> VERNNANDDEZZZ!
2015-05-08T13:43:16 <jhernandez> I\'m reviewing https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/356 and I wanted to ask you first before merging it
2015-05-08T13:43:38 <jhernandez> regarding your concerns on the NP sets that we have under testData/preferences
2015-05-08T13:44:44 <jhernandez> since Christophe is using a prefix for these new np sets
2015-05-08T13:45:45 <jhernandez> are you ok with including a tvm_preferences.md file with the list of np sets and some description of them?
2015-05-08T13:46:19 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-05-08T13:47:03 <Bosmon7> Sure, fine
2015-05-08T13:53:22 * anvk joined the channel
2015-05-08T13:57:31 <jhernandez> Bosmon7: thanks
2015-05-08T14:03:03 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-08T14:16:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-05-08T14:21:09 * jhung joined the channel
2015-05-08T15:07:15 <cindyli> Bosmon or Bosmon7, do you have more comments for Justin_o\'s pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/first-discovery/pull/39?
2015-05-08T15:07:33 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-08T15:13:35 <Bosmon7> cindyli - just one, I think
2015-05-08T15:13:51 <Bosmon7> The "destroy" utility is certainly peculiar, but I see the thinking behind it
2015-05-08T15:14:13 <Bosmon7> There\'s certainly a lot of stuff that the "new renderer" will need to clean up
2015-05-08T15:14:38 * michelled has quit
2015-05-08T15:17:23 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-08T15:24:31 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2015-05-08T15:24:34 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-05-08T15:27:21 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-05-08T15:37:27 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-08T15:40:06 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-08T15:43:49 * anastasiac has quit
2015-05-08T15:56:46 * gtirloni has quit
2015-05-08T16:17:53 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-08T16:37:57 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-08T16:57:18 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-08T17:01:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-08T17:02:30 <cindyli> Bosmon, Bosmon8, do you have a better name for this member option - https://github.com/cindyli/first-discovery/blob/FLOE-314/src/js/enactors.js#L29
2015-05-08T17:02:44 <cindyli> what it does is to prevent the page reload at the first model change
2015-05-08T17:03:13 <cindyli> without it, the page will be reload itself infinitely
2015-05-08T17:07:02 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-08T17:09:21 <anastasiac> Jess_, are you available for the PGA meeting now?
2015-05-08T17:10:01 <Jess_> yikes \xe2\x80\x94 yes, on my way
2015-05-08T17:11:22 <michelled> cindyli: I noticed you created this JIRA: issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-325 any idea on how long it will take?
2015-05-08T17:11:38 <cindyli> michelled: one day
2015-05-08T17:12:19 <Jess_> anastasiac: what link is she refering to?
2015-05-08T17:12:28 <anastasiac> Jess_: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MpvW1mLsCD_DdxsvqKM1YXpjKxrger7Rj8_Sf1RuveU/edit#heading=h.cbkxvr2hvnzo
2015-05-08T17:12:44 <Jess_> thx
2015-05-08T17:12:49 <anastasiac> Jess_: if that doesn\xe2\x80\x99t work, use this: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MpvW1mLsCD_DdxsvqKM1YXpjKxrger7Rj8_Sf1RuveU/edit?usp=sharing
2015-05-08T17:13:19 <michelled> thx cindyli also, I\'m not clear on what this JIRA is saying. does it mean that we want to keep the control size the same or that we don\'t want to?
2015-05-08T17:13:21 <michelled> http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-295
2015-05-08T17:14:44 <cindyli> michelled: it means to keep the control size unchanged
2015-05-08T17:15:00 <michelled> thx
2015-05-08T17:15:14 <cindyli> np. i will modify the jira
2015-05-08T17:15:40 <cindyli> done
2015-05-08T17:20:34 <michelled> cindyli: is this still an open issue? http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-306
2015-05-08T17:20:54 * jhernandez has quit
2015-05-08T17:21:55 <cindyli> yes, michelled, http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-328?src=confmacro needs to be done before it
2015-05-08T17:22:13 <cindyli> FLOE-328 is a new jira I added in this morning
2015-05-08T17:22:55 <cindyli> just noticed I misunderstood the FLOE-325 you mentioned earlier to be FLOE-328. that one probably needs to take 2 days
2015-05-08T17:29:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-08T17:32:55 * jhernandez joined the channel
2015-05-08T18:22:38 * michelled has quit
2015-05-08T18:24:18 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-08T18:43:33 <Jess_> anastasiac: forgot to ask on the PGA call about the location of the mtg. in DC
2015-05-08T18:43:50 <Jess_> is it your understanding that it\xe2\x80\x99s in teh same place as the first one? the 14th st. and F IBM?
2015-05-08T18:43:56 <anastasiac> Jess_, I thought it was at the same IBM building, but different rooms
2015-05-08T18:44:03 <anastasiac> but we should double-check that
2015-05-08T18:44:05 <Jess_> ah ok
2015-05-08T18:44:47 <anastasiac> Jess_: \xe2\x80\x9cWe are going to go with the IBM location in DC. They have another space that we can use, different than the one we used last time, which looks like it will work out well\xe2\x80\x9d
2015-05-08T18:45:01 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99ll respond to that email to clarify the address
2015-05-08T18:45:14 <Jess_> anastasiac: i know\xe2\x80\xa6 made me worry about the location. great, thanks
2015-05-08T18:46:00 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-08T19:07:37 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-08T19:17:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-08T19:17:29 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-08T19:23:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: are FLOE-306 and FLOE-298 the same thing?
2015-05-08T19:24:22 <cindyli> yes, they are, Justin_o
2015-05-08T19:24:31 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay.. i\'ll got and close one
2015-05-08T19:24:37 <Justin_o> i\'ll close the older one
2015-05-08T19:24:47 <cindyli> ok. thanks
2015-05-08T19:25:13 <jhung> cindyli, Justin_o, anastasiac - FYI. the updated PGA FS wireframes will be available Monday morning.
2015-05-08T19:25:20 <jhung> I\'m just finishing it up now
2015-05-08T19:25:26 <cindyli> ok. thanks, jhung
2015-05-08T19:26:02 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2015-05-08T19:27:05 <cindyli> Justin_o: the pull request for FLOE-314 is ready for another review
2015-05-08T19:27:12 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks. will look now
2015-05-08T19:27:17 <cindyli> thanks
2015-05-08T20:11:22 * anvk has quit
2015-05-08T20:23:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-08T20:27:01 * anastasiac has quit
2015-05-08T20:28:36 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-08T20:32:41 * jhung has quit
2015-05-08T20:46:31 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-08T21:46:09 * michelled has quit
2015-05-08T21:46:42 * Justin_o has quit
2015-05-08T22:08:02 * colinclark has quit
2015-05-08T22:13:19 * simonjb has quit
2015-05-08T22:30:04 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-08T22:30:21 * michelled has quit
2015-05-08T22:30:31 * Jess_ has quit
'

