b'2015-12-17T21:19:07 <Bosmon> Well, it may well be part of the design, but it does make the demo essentially unusable : P
2015-12-17T21:19:31 <Justin_o> there\'s a secret way to refresh "ctrl-alt/option-r
2015-12-17T21:19:33 <Justin_o> "
2015-12-17T21:19:37 <Bosmon> bah to that : P
2015-12-17T21:19:41 <Justin_o> haha
2015-12-17T21:20:07 <Justin_o> otherwise you have to clear the cookies
2015-12-17T21:20:11 <Justin_o> all are a bit of a pain
2015-12-17T21:21:58 <Justin_o> alanharnum, anastasiac: Bosmon has merged in FLOE-430
2015-12-17T21:22:07 <alanharnum> Justin_o: great, thanks Bosmon
2015-12-17T21:23:35 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'ll try to finish cleaning up the docs for it tomorrow
2015-12-17T21:32:56 * jhernandez has quit
2015-12-17T21:36:41 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-17T21:38:24 * brendan_d has quit
2015-12-17T21:40:52 * zamcnema has quit
2015-12-17T21:43:38 * jhung has quit
2015-12-17T21:44:06 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-17T21:45:14 * alanharnum has quit
2015-12-17T21:47:55 <bens_> Justin_o: awesome news.. i\'ll be studying it
2015-12-17T21:49:29 <Justin_o> bens_: thanks :) in case you\'re interested the docs pull request is here https://github.com/GPII/docs-first-discovery/pull/3 but I\'m still making changes to it.
2015-12-17T21:51:43 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-12-17T21:52:40 <bens_> Justin_o, definitely. thanks for the heads up
2015-12-17T21:53:16 <Justin_o> bens_: no problem
2015-12-17T21:56:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'ve merged https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/660
2015-12-17T21:56:44 <Bosmon> Cheers, Justin_o
2015-12-17T21:56:55 * bens_ has quit
2015-12-17T21:57:04 <Justin_o> bens_: by the way, that issue with changing the cookie store that anastasia mentioned has now been fixed. and the changes pushed up to infusion master.
2015-12-17T21:57:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for fixing that so quickly
2015-12-17T21:57:59 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no worries
2015-12-17T21:58:10 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there\'s a matching docs pull, if you have time to take care of it: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/79
2015-12-17T21:59:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: unfortunately i have to run now, so won\'t have a chance to look at that tonight. But maybe tomorrow if Anastasia doesn\'t get to it.
2015-12-17T21:59:50 <Justin_o> although i owe her some doc fixes too
2015-12-17T22:25:37 * cindyli1 has quit
2015-12-17T22:29:35 * amatas has quit
2015-12-17T22:44:23 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-17T22:46:26 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-17T23:11:48 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-17T23:47:45 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-17T23:47:45 * jhung has quit
2015-12-17T23:48:46 * jhung joined the channel
'

b'2015-12-17T17:07:53 * jhung1 joined the channel
2015-12-17T17:15:06 * clown has quit
2015-12-17T17:21:50 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-12-17T17:23:32 * gtirloni has quit
2015-12-17T17:27:35 * gtirloni_ has quit
2015-12-17T17:35:36 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-17T17:35:41 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2015-12-17T17:51:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-17T17:52:44 * gtirloni has quit
2015-12-17T17:55:46 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-17T18:03:03 * bens_ has quit
2015-12-17T18:05:25 * bens_ joined the channel
2015-12-17T18:26:06 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-17T18:53:00 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-17T18:59:54 * michelled has quit
2015-12-17T19:01:53 * clown_mtg has quit
2015-12-17T19:02:04 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:02:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:12:22 * cindyli has quit
2015-12-17T19:15:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2015-12-17T19:16:59 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-17T19:18:36 * gtirloni has quit
2015-12-17T19:23:35 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o
2015-12-17T19:23:40 <Bosmon> Trying to test out your pull request
2015-12-17T19:25:49 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:26:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: excellent thanks..
2015-12-17T19:26:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: please let avtar and I know if you run into any issues
2015-12-17T19:27:38 * michelled has quit
2015-12-17T19:27:50 <Bosmon> So far the main issue is that vagrant up takes about 1 million years : P
2015-12-17T19:28:58 <Bosmon> I\'m not sure why this one is so slow: "default: TASK: [nodejs | make sure the application install directory exists and is owned by the appropriate user] ***"
2015-12-17T19:29:05 <Bosmon> But it hangs so long I was sure the process had died
2015-12-17T19:29:17 <Bosmon> Or perhaps it is the step after that one
2015-12-17T19:29:48 <Bosmon> But I haven\'t got "ok" from that step after a couple of minutes
2015-12-17T19:30:34 * zamcnema joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:31:03 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:31:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2015-12-17T19:31:46 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:31:46 <Bosmon> Ok, it seems to work fine
2015-12-17T19:32:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i meant to ping avtar on that :)
2015-12-17T19:32:21 <Justin_o> but it is working now?
2015-12-17T19:32:33 <gtirloni> must be the step after
2015-12-17T19:33:03 <gtirloni> the next step that says ok/changed (not skipping)
2015-12-17T19:33:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - so, should the UI workflow actually try to save the preferences to a server?
2015-12-17T19:33:18 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:33:21 <Bosmon> And how can I tell that it has done this, if so?
2015-12-17T19:33:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you do need to have an instance of the flow manager running somewhere
2015-12-17T19:33:54 <Justin_o> it\'s not self contained within this app
2015-12-17T19:34:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - "somewhere" === where?
2015-12-17T19:34:05 <Justin_o> i have one running on my host machine
2015-12-17T19:34:05 <Bosmon> And what if I don\'t
2015-12-17T19:34:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: then it will fail as it cannot contact the server
2015-12-17T19:34:24 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I didn\'t see any failure
2015-12-17T19:34:30 <Bosmon> Should I see it in the node logs?
2015-12-17T19:34:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you should be able to configure it to run with whatever server you like
2015-12-17T19:34:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what is the vagrant box configured to do?
2015-12-17T19:35:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you\'ll only get the error when it tries to communicate with the server, so in the FD you\'ll get a message that it can\'t find get token, and the error will be in the response
2015-12-17T19:35:31 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how will I see that error?
2015-12-17T19:35:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i can\'t remember if it shows up in the server logs, let me see
2015-12-17T19:36:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: no, it doesn\'t get logged to the server
2015-12-17T19:36:28 <Justin_o> it\'s just past along in the request
2015-12-17T19:36:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I\'m not sure I understand
2015-12-17T19:36:35 <Justin_o> so you\'d have to check the request unfortunately
2015-12-17T19:36:53 <Bosmon> Do you mean "logged to the server" === "logged by the server"?
2015-12-17T19:37:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry i mean by the server
2015-12-17T19:37:26 <Bosmon> Ok
2015-12-17T19:37:29 * alanharnum has quit
2015-12-17T19:37:33 <Bosmon> I think we need some feedback from the system when it is not working
2015-12-17T19:38:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah, that\'s a good point... i can add a long in there before it passes things along
2015-12-17T19:38:28 <Bosmon> Also, I wonder why we don\'t have a step which just copies the secrets.yml.example file to secrets.yml if it finds that the latter doesn\'t exist
2015-12-17T19:38:33 <Bosmon> It would be nice to have the system just "work out of the box"
2015-12-17T19:38:51 <Bosmon> Although I guess for that to be a real proposition, the vagrant box would have to include a prefs server too
2015-12-17T19:39:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah
2015-12-17T19:40:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:40:19 <Bosmon> Also - I remember that the vagrant box previously used to autoupdate itself - if I had run "vagrant destroy" on it - do I remember wrongly?
2015-12-17T19:40:28 <Bosmon> It seems that I needed to manually update it this time
2015-12-17T19:41:41 <avtar> Bosmon: it will update itself automatically if you\'re using a plugin such as this one https://github.com/spil-ruslan/vagrant-box-updater (i\'ve never used it)
2015-12-17T19:41:49 <Bosmon> !
2015-12-17T19:41:59 <avtar> i update boxes manually
2015-12-17T19:42:15 <Bosmon> If I\'ve destroyed it, why is there anything left that requires updating?
2015-12-17T19:42:55 <avtar> if you destroy it you\'ve gotten rid of an instance of the box or more accurately the vm that was created
2015-12-17T19:43:05 <avtar> the box itself resides on your storage
2015-12-17T19:43:31 <avtar> i\'m not sure where that is on windows but on linux it\'s ~/.vagrant.d/boxes/
2015-12-17T19:44:06 <avtar> to remove the box itself you need to \'vagrant box remove <box-name>\'
2015-12-17T19:48:30 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-12-17T19:50:46 <gtirloni> there is the "box instance" and the "box template"
2015-12-17T19:51:25 <Bosmon> I see
2015-12-17T19:55:48 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-17T19:56:15 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:56:33 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-12-17T19:58:39 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2015-12-17T20:00:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-17T20:01:34 * gtirloni has left the channel
2015-12-17T20:01:41 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-17T20:03:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry stepped out for a minute and it looks like my messages from my phone didn\'t go through. how are things going now
2015-12-17T20:05:22 <alanharnum> cindyli Bosmon: a question for either of you (and simonjb if he were here) about the flow manager configurations for using the TestOauth2DataStore data (in https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/security/TestOAuth2DataStore.js)...
2015-12-17T20:05:50 <alanharnum> atm in universal/master, this seems to be the only configuration that includes it: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/configs/cloudBased.development.all.local.json
2015-12-17T20:07:21 <alanharnum> if I wanted to run a configuration with https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/configs/cloudBased.production.json instead (with a separate Preferences Server backed by CouchDB), what would I need to do aside from the obvious of Line 53 where the test store gets included as a module: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/configs/cloudBased.development.all.local.json#L53
2015-12-17T20:11:44 <cindyli> alanharnum: do you mean what you need to do in order to run the production configuration?
2015-12-17T20:12:17 <alanharnum> cindyli: to run the production configuration while including TestOAuth2DataStore.js
2015-12-17T20:12:43 <alanharnum> specifically in my case so that the Flow Manager will accept the authentication from First Discovery Server
2015-12-17T20:15:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I added fluid.log but it doesn\'t seem to be outputting at all
2015-12-17T20:15:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - did you apply fluid.setLogging(true) ?
2015-12-17T20:16:41 <cindyli> alanharnum: sorry, what\'s your question? how to include TestOAuth2DataStore.js to run the production configuration?
2015-12-17T20:16:47 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I can only suggest you consult our now significant docs :)
2015-12-17T20:16:48 <Bosmon> http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/CoreAPI.html#fluid-setlogging-loglevel-
2015-12-17T20:17:14 <Bosmon> alanharnum - you may recall our "configs" conversation from earlier in the week
2015-12-17T20:17:35 <Bosmon> The idea is that anyone who wants to adjust a system configuration can do so by deriving from an existing config from the outside
2015-12-17T20:17:38 <Bosmon> Without needing to fork the project
2015-12-17T20:17:46 <Bosmon> So, we had/have a sample test driver in the project here:
2015-12-17T20:18:09 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/examples/easit-oauth-integration/EasitCloudBasedConfig.json
2015-12-17T20:18:36 <Bosmon> And so you can follow a similar pattern even with the ancient Infusion still in trunk to get whatever you need loaded in to the flowManager
2015-12-17T20:20:09 <alanharnum> Bosmon cindyyli: ok - I think I comprehend now. will look into using that approach.
2015-12-17T20:20:30 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-12-17T20:28:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for the docs link.. i added the logging and did some other cleanup
2015-12-17T20:39:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - so - if I navigate to step 11 in the UI, should I see an error in the node logs now?
2015-12-17T20:39:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: step 12
2015-12-17T20:40:46 <Bosmon> Justin_o - my UI only shows "step 11 of 11"
2015-12-17T20:42:08 * bens_ has quit
2015-12-17T20:42:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  you need to use this http://localhost:8088/demos/prefsServerIntegration/
2015-12-17T20:43:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok - please could you update the docs to refer to that
2015-12-17T20:43:05 <Justin_o> the default demo doesn\'t have the prefs server integration
2015-12-17T20:43:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: there\'s a reference under usage
2015-12-17T20:43:39 <Justin_o> in the README
2015-12-17T20:43:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: could you let me know if that\'s enough or if you\'d like something more explicit
2015-12-17T20:43:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes - but there is also a stale one under "Working with the VM"
2015-12-17T20:44:09 <Bosmon> Line 84 in your README
2015-12-17T20:44:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: see it, if i add the full path there, is that good?
2015-12-17T20:44:59 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2015-12-17T20:45:09 <Bosmon> Please could you also add some more detail to your error logging
2015-12-17T20:45:27 <Bosmon> There should be some kind of human-readable indication of what action is being performed which failed
2015-12-17T20:45:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: demo url change is done
2015-12-17T20:45:34 <Bosmon> Rather than "error" : P
2015-12-17T20:45:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm
2015-12-17T20:45:46 <Justin_o> let me think about how to do that
2015-12-17T20:46:40 <Bosmon> Let me dig you up a currently common pattern....
2015-12-17T20:46:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2015-12-17T20:48:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - here is one: https://github.com/amb26/universal/blob/GPII-1318/gpii/node_modules/deviceReporter/src/DeviceReporter.js#L113
2015-12-17T20:50:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2015-12-17T20:54:01 * bens_ joined the channel
2015-12-17T21:02:38 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2015-12-17T21:02:38 * cindyli has quit
2015-12-17T21:08:43 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-17T21:10:19 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-17T21:11:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: updated the error message
2015-12-17T21:17:26 * michelled has quit
2015-12-17T21:18:29 <Bosmon> Thanks, Justin_o - looks good, I have merged it in
2015-12-17T21:18:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: excellent thanks :)
2015-12-17T21:18:40 <Bosmon> I notice that there is no way to ever navigate back from Step 12 of the wizard once you have reached it
2015-12-17T21:18:47 <Bosmon> But we should table this as a design issue
2015-12-17T21:18:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yep, that was part of the design for now
'

b'2015-12-17T00:07:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-17T00:22:55 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-17T00:34:22 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-17T00:35:17 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-17T00:48:56 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-17T01:27:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-17T01:34:42 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-17T01:50:08 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-17T01:54:26 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-17T02:22:44 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-17T02:33:54 * bens_ joined the channel
2015-12-17T02:34:52 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-12-17T02:39:24 * yzen_ has quit
2015-12-17T02:51:08 * bens_ has quit
2015-12-17T04:11:37 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-17T05:36:19 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-17T06:39:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-17T07:06:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-17T07:46:54 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-17T08:29:18 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-17T08:34:05 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-17T09:05:38 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-17T09:19:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-17T09:39:53 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-17T09:44:40 * yzen has quit
2015-12-17T09:52:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-17T10:52:02 * simonjb has quit
2015-12-17T11:21:32 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-17T11:23:07 * amatas joined the channel
2015-12-17T11:23:44 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-17T12:04:24 * amatas has quit
2015-12-17T12:12:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-17T12:46:47 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-17T12:48:32 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-17T12:49:08 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-17T12:53:06 * yzen has quit
2015-12-17T12:53:11 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-17T13:09:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-12-17T13:15:04 * amatas joined the channel
2015-12-17T13:32:18 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-12-17T13:35:44 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:01:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:01:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:03:23 * brendan_d joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:04:33 <kasparnet> Bosmon, jhernandez: meeting now on the pull request
2015-12-17T14:04:38 <kasparnet> room 1 (the 705 one)
2015-12-17T14:07:52 <Bosmon7> kasparnet - thanks
2015-12-17T14:08:08 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:19:47 * anvk joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:21:48 <jhernandez> simonjb: can you send me an invitation?
2015-12-17T14:28:42 <anastasiac> Bosmon7, I tried your settingsStore fix \xe2\x80\x93 lovely! thanks
2015-12-17T14:31:18 * jessm joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:32:30 <anastasiac> Bosmon7: also suggested one slight improvements on the docs change
2015-12-17T14:42:21 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:42:47 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:44:41 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:47:25 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-17T14:48:43 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:58:50 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-17T14:59:59 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-17T15:01:19 <cindyli> hi Bosmon and Bosmon7
2015-12-17T15:02:46 <Bosmon7> hi cindyli
2015-12-17T15:03:06 <cindyli> i have this code to instantiate some tooltips - https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/GPII-1245/gpii/node_modules/gpii-oauth2/gpii-oauth2-authz-server/public/src/components/privacySettings/js/PrivacySettingsWithPrefs.js#L260
2015-12-17T15:03:19 <cindyli> but those tooltips are not attached to the component tree
2015-12-17T15:03:48 <cindyli> can i still access them by using "{fluid.tooltip}" or "{/ fluid.tooltip}"?
2015-12-17T15:03:56 <cindyli> tried both but none of them worked
2015-12-17T15:08:05 <cindyli> ah, one sec. gpii is still using the old version of infusion. "{/ ..}" is probably not yet supported here, Bosmon7
2015-12-17T15:08:56 <cindyli> maybe i should try staticEnvironment
2015-12-17T15:09:02 <cindyli> trying..
2015-12-17T15:09:50 <cindyli> but i didn\'t register those tooltips into fluid.staticEnvironment too. sign...
2015-12-17T15:11:03 <cindyli> tried. fluid.staticEnvironment has nothing in it
2015-12-17T15:12:23 <cindyli> ok, Bosmon7, is there a way to access those tooltips in the old version of the infusion or for now i should attach those tooltips onto the main component to be able to access them?
2015-12-17T15:14:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-17T15:23:12 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-12-17T15:29:41 * bens_ joined the channel
2015-12-17T15:30:39 <Bosmon7> cindyli - I think you remember that the staticEnvironment has been abolished
2015-12-17T15:30:43 * danayo has quit
2015-12-17T15:30:52 <cindyli> i do, Bosmon7
2015-12-17T15:31:10 <Bosmon7> You say "those tooltips are not attached to the component tree"
2015-12-17T15:31:16 <Bosmon7> But every component is attached to the component tree now
2015-12-17T15:31:45 <cindyli> "the component tree", u mean the {/ \xe2\x80\xa6}?
2015-12-17T15:31:45 <Bosmon7> But when you say "gpii is still using the old version of infusion", you should be working against my branch for any new work
2015-12-17T15:31:57 <cindyli> ah
2015-12-17T15:32:06 <Bosmon7> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/425
2015-12-17T15:32:14 <Bosmon7> Then you will be able to make the {/ } syntax work
2015-12-17T15:32:19 <Bosmon7> What work are you doing, cindyli?
2015-12-17T15:32:29 <cindyli> ah ha, you beat me, you have a pull request for it
2015-12-17T15:32:32 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-17T15:32:34 <cindyli> GPII-1245
2015-12-17T15:33:00 <cindyli> Bosmon7: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1245. start merging in ur pull
2015-12-17T15:33:17 <Bosmon7> cindyli - actually this is a bit awkward since this seems to be listed for review 4
2015-12-17T15:33:23 <Bosmon7> You had better coordinate with kasparnet about this
2015-12-17T15:33:31 <Bosmon7> the review4 branch is very different to mine, and these will not be merged together
2015-12-17T15:33:46 <Bosmon7> So we\'ll need to think hard about what the scope of this work really is
2015-12-17T15:35:53 <cindyli> ok, i will hold off merging ur your pull, Bosmon7. when you say "these will not be merged together", do you mean we need to figure out which one will be merge in first after review4?
2015-12-17T15:36:02 * gtirloni has quit
2015-12-17T15:36:23 <Bosmon7> cindyli - the review4 branch will be thrown away after the review
2015-12-17T15:36:33 <cindyli> oh, nooooo...
2015-12-17T15:36:33 <Bosmon7> and my branch will be merged into trunk, either before or after it
2015-12-17T15:36:52 <cindyli> thown away? you mean review4 will be merged into the master
2015-12-17T15:36:59 <Bosmon7> cindyli - no, it will be thrown away
2015-12-17T15:37:03 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-17T15:37:14 <Bosmon7> destroyed, discarded : P
2015-12-17T15:37:23 <cindyli> ok. but i think GPII-1245 will eventually make its way into the master
2015-12-17T15:37:28 <Bosmon7> cindyli - yes, certainly it will
2015-12-17T15:37:50 <Bosmon7> All useful functionality will get into master, but not via the review4 branch
2015-12-17T15:37:57 <cindyli> i see
2015-12-17T15:39:05 <cindyli> kasparnet: r u there?
2015-12-17T15:44:18 <Bosmon7> I think he\'s in a call for the next 15 mins
2015-12-17T15:46:49 <cindyli> ok. thanks
2015-12-17T15:53:34 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-17T16:01:57 <gtirloni> colinclark simonjb: you guys free to talk?
2015-12-17T16:02:21 <simonjb> gtirloni: I\'m available
2015-12-17T16:02:52 <colinclark> I\'m still in this call, but I\'ll try to shake it off momentarily
2015-12-17T16:03:02 <gtirloni> cool, no worries
2015-12-17T16:06:01 <colinclark> gtirloni, simonjb: I can tell already that shaking this meeting off is going to be impossible
2015-12-17T16:06:16 <colinclark> simonjb: I know you wanted to leave early today--what time are you planning to sign off?
2015-12-17T16:06:29 <simonjb> colinclark: I was hoping in an hour
2015-12-17T16:06:35 <colinclark> ok
2015-12-17T16:06:46 <colinclark> So let\'s leave this until the new year, and I can make a rough estimate
2015-12-17T16:06:56 <gtirloni> ok
2015-12-17T16:07:01 <simonjb> ok colinclark
2015-12-17T16:07:02 <colinclark> basically I wanted to chat about estimates for your time for APCP
2015-12-17T16:07:54 <colinclark> related to drawing new architecture, security, and topology diagrams
2015-12-17T16:08:06 * Bosmon7 has quit
2015-12-17T16:08:20 <colinclark> I can imagine that the two of you would be instrumental in helping kasparnet and jhernandez draw these new diagrams
2015-12-17T16:08:27 <colinclark> based on what you\'ve seen in the report back from IBM
2015-12-17T16:08:54 <colinclark> gtirloni and simonjb: Can you give me a back-of-envelope estimate for how much of your time you\'d think would be required?
2015-12-17T16:09:03 <colinclark> For Activities #1 and 2 in that report
2015-12-17T16:11:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i left comments on https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/660
2015-12-17T16:11:31 <Justin_o> avtar: were you PRs for the secrets merged?
2015-12-17T16:14:22 <simonjb> colinclark: for activity #1, there is a note "frequency of transactions based on probable use cases" -- is that something we have a sense of now or would that be part of the work?
2015-12-17T16:15:21 <colinclark> I guess we still need to make some use models
2015-12-17T16:17:50 <simonjb> colinclark: ok, my super-high level estimate is 1-2 weeks depending on how we split up the work and the level of detail needed
2015-12-17T16:18:05 <colinclark> ok, thanks simonjb
2015-12-17T16:24:09 <avtar> Justin_o: yes, your changes should work as-is
2015-12-17T16:24:39 <Justin_o> avtar: okay thanks, i\'ll ping Bosmon
2015-12-17T16:29:12 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-17T16:31:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: FLOE-430 is ready for review again https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery-server/pull/4
2015-12-17T16:31:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: if you could review that today, it would be great, i\'m only working half day tomorrow morning, and we\'d like to have this in by the end of the week
2015-12-17T16:32:23 <gtirloni> colinclark: 1-2 weeks here too.. "sizing of servers" means more load testing so that\'s where i\'m unsure without more analysis.
2015-12-17T16:32:28 * alanharnum has quit
2015-12-17T16:32:49 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-17T16:33:34 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-12-17T16:40:33 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-17T16:41:12 * michelled has quit
2015-12-17T16:49:50 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-17T16:51:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-17T16:51:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-17T17:01:07 * michelled joined the channel
'

