b'2015-12-01T20:06:01 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-12-01T20:09:02 <Bosmon> simonjb - any luck?
2015-12-01T20:09:39 <Bosmon> There should be a "Manage components" link at the top right of this page: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID/?selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:components-panel
2015-12-01T20:10:02 <avtar> Bosmon: i\'m not sure there is a community process for that
2015-12-01T20:10:22 <avtar> or at least i didn\'t adhere to one when i created a jira component for qi
2015-12-01T20:10:27 <avtar> :|
2015-12-01T20:10:34 <Bosmon> Oh, I meant for making people JIRA admins
2015-12-01T20:10:38 <Bosmon> But perhaps this isn\'t required
2015-12-01T20:11:22 <simonjb> avtar, Bosmon: I don\'t think I have privileges to add a component, at least I can\'t see a UI for it
2015-12-01T20:11:45 <Bosmon> Ok, well I can\'t see why I shouldn\'t add simonjb to jira-administrators
2015-12-01T20:11:51 <Bosmon> Any objections?
2015-12-01T20:11:55 <avtar> not from me
2015-12-01T20:12:28 <simonjb> Bosmon: this would be GPII though, for Nexus, rather than issues.fluidproject.org
2015-12-01T20:12:34 <Bosmon> Oh yes
2015-12-01T20:12:35 <simonjb> right?
2015-12-01T20:12:41 <Bosmon> Thanks for the timely reminder :)
2015-12-01T20:12:57 <Bosmon> You\'re a GPII committer anyway so this is completely unproblematic....
2015-12-01T20:14:36 <Bosmon> simonjb - ok, you should have the role now
2015-12-01T20:14:47 <Bosmon> I don\'t know if you might need to log out and log in again to activate it
2015-12-01T20:15:14 <simonjb> Bosmon: I see Manage Components now, thanks very much
2015-12-01T20:15:20 <Justin_o> clown_mtg: what\'s the rule or best practice around overriding aria-live values on roles.. for example setting aria-live to "off" for a something with role log
2015-12-01T20:15:21 <Bosmon> simonjb - awesome, no worries
2015-12-01T20:16:16 <simonjb> Bosmon: Name: "Nexus", Component Lead: ? you or colinclark? or me?
2015-12-01T20:16:35 <Bosmon> simonjb - you, perhaps?
2015-12-01T20:16:40 <Bosmon> Would you like to be lead?
2015-12-01T20:16:42 * slim_ has quit
2015-12-01T20:16:58 <simonjb> Bosmon: yes, that would be fine with me
2015-12-01T20:17:01 <Bosmon> awesome
2015-12-01T20:18:21 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-12-01T20:20:47 <simonjb> Bosmon: done
2015-12-01T20:30:20 * Yan_Hu has quit
2015-12-01T20:42:02 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-12-01T20:49:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-01T20:58:20 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-12-01T20:59:08 * jhung has quit
2015-12-01T21:01:02 * slim_ has quit
2015-12-01T21:04:36 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-12-01T21:08:45 * clown_mtg has quit
2015-12-01T21:10:04 * slim__ joined the channel
2015-12-01T21:13:29 * slim_ has quit
2015-12-01T21:14:38 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-01T21:20:49 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'m setting up the Nexus project shell and I\'m using the latest code on your KETTLE-32 branch
2015-12-01T21:21:07 <simonjb> I\'m using configPath: kettle.config.getConfigPath() || __dirname
2015-12-01T21:21:32 <simonjb> but getConfigPath() now fails if there isn\'t a path provided on the command line
2015-12-01T21:22:03 <simonjb> https://github.com/amb26/kettle/blob/KETTLE-32/lib/KettleConfigLoader.js#L39-L45
2015-12-01T21:22:28 <simonjb> Is the intended usage now different or am I doing something dumb?
2015-12-01T21:23:44 * cindyli has quit
2015-12-01T21:25:06 <Bosmon> simonjb - sorry, this is a fault - I\'ll fix it this evening
2015-12-01T21:25:20 <simonjb> ah ok, thanks Bosmon
2015-12-01T21:25:38 <Bosmon> The behaviour is meant to be that it takes any path from the command-line at higher priority than the env variable
2015-12-01T21:30:59 <Bosmon> simonjb - actually I imagine you should just defer to the same init loader that every Kettle app uses
2015-12-01T21:31:23 <Bosmon> Although perhaps this would be best packaged as an npm script these days
2015-12-01T21:31:56 <Bosmon> That is, the role of the "Nexus author" is simply to write a CONFIG, as per our earlier discussion - it is up to the integrator to execute or integrate this how they like
2015-12-01T21:32:24 <simonjb> I\'m using the same launching code used here: https://github.com/amb26/universal/blob/GPII-1318/index.js#L44-L47
2015-12-01T21:33:52 <simonjb> Bosmon: https://gist.github.com/simonbates/486e994b907fbf0f2047
2015-12-01T21:34:09 <Bosmon> simonjb, yes, I see
2015-12-01T21:34:34 <simonjb> What I\'m seeing is that if I call kettle.config.getConfigPath() without specifying a path on the command line, I get an error
2015-12-01T21:34:38 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-12-01T21:35:21 <Bosmon> I see that this indeed doesn\'t work
2015-12-01T21:36:49 <Bosmon> Sorry for the blunder
2015-12-01T21:37:00 <simonjb> Bosmon: no problem!
2015-12-01T21:37:25 <Bosmon> I guess we should make one test case that actually tests this driver too
2015-12-01T21:37:31 <Bosmon> In case someone blunders and breaks it : P
2015-12-01T21:37:36 <simonjb> :)
2015-12-01T21:38:59 <Bosmon> This suggests that there is a further source of environmental info that we need to expose in a standard IoC fashion to our configs
2015-12-01T21:39:08 <Bosmon> Namely... COMMAND LINE ARGUMENTS
2015-12-01T21:39:31 <simonjb> Hmm, yes, good point
2015-12-01T21:50:07 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-12-01T22:32:03 * slim__ has quit
2015-12-01T22:33:00 * danayo has quit
2015-12-01T22:55:38 * amatas has quit
2015-12-01T22:56:25 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2015-12-01T23:41:41 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-12-01T23:41:54 * Jess_ has quit
'

b'2015-12-01T00:01:18 <avtar> colinclark: these are the PRs in order
2015-12-01T00:01:24 <avtar> https://github.com/GPII/linux/pull/75
2015-12-01T00:01:31 <avtar> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/426
2015-12-01T00:01:38 <avtar> https://github.com/GPII/ci-service/pull/1
2015-12-01T00:06:16 <colinclark> Thanks, avtar
2015-12-01T00:06:38 <avtar> Bosmon: thanks for the feedback. i\'ll update that pr
2015-12-01T00:09:27 * yzen has quit
2015-12-01T00:12:18 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-01T00:14:41 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-01T00:28:38 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-01T00:33:14 * yzen has quit
2015-12-01T00:54:12 * Bosmon joined the channel
2015-12-01T01:27:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-01T01:31:34 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-01T01:32:46 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-01T01:32:57 * jhung has quit
2015-12-01T03:07:10 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-01T03:14:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-01T04:26:01 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-01T04:37:57 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-12-01T05:59:57 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-01T06:59:11 * amatas joined the channel
2015-12-01T07:06:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-01T07:07:02 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-01T07:42:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-01T08:27:32 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2015-12-01T08:28:42 * the-t-in-rtf2 joined the channel
2015-12-01T08:28:42 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2015-12-01T08:30:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-01T09:44:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-01T09:52:34 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-01T11:36:42 * the-t-in-rtf2 has quit
2015-12-01T11:58:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-01T12:52:56 * alanharnum-datac joined the channel
2015-12-01T12:58:17 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-01T13:01:55 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-01T13:31:01 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-01T13:35:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-12-01T13:35:16 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-12-01T13:36:34 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-12-01T13:38:33 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-01T13:59:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-01T14:02:03 <Bosmon> anastasiac - behold http://gpii.github.io/docs-first-discovery/
2015-12-01T14:04:23 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-01T14:06:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-01T14:07:35 <anastasiac> Bosmon: yes, I did - wonderful! I\xe2\x80\x99ve already shared it out :-) Thanks so much
2015-12-01T14:07:47 <Bosmon> cool
2015-12-01T14:12:26 <jhung> anastasiac: looks good!
2015-12-01T14:13:35 <anastasiac> Bosmon: cindyli\xe2\x80\x99s issued a pull request against the shiny new first discovery tool docs: https://github.com/GPII/docs-first-discovery/pull/2
2015-12-01T14:17:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-01T14:20:43 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-01T14:21:45 <anastasiac> Justin_o: do you have a minute for a quick vidyo chat about the prefs tutorial pull request?
2015-12-01T14:22:00 <Justin_o> anastasiac: sure
2015-12-01T14:23:52 <Bosmon> anastasiac, cindyli - now merged
2015-12-01T14:23:55 <Bosmon> Nice SVG diagram :)
2015-12-01T14:24:07 <cindyli> super. thanks, Bosmon
2015-12-01T14:44:20 * slim joined the channel
2015-12-01T14:45:41 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-01T14:53:01 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-01T14:57:44 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-01T15:01:25 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-01T15:14:21 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:17:31 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:20:41 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:23:38 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:26:52 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:30:10 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:33:20 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:33:20 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:36:14 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:43:46 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:51:08 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T15:58:30 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T16:04:55 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-12-01T16:04:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, you need to use that to reference whatever base config you want to override some values from
2015-12-01T16:04:55 <Bosmon> Configs build on configs, just as grades build on grades
2015-12-01T16:04:55 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-01T16:04:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but what takes precedence?
2015-12-01T16:04:56 <Bosmon> Justin_o - same as with grades, deriving from a grade overrides it
2015-12-01T16:04:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and i can write IoC references in the config?
2015-12-01T16:04:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-01T16:04:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so right most has highest preference?
2015-12-01T16:05:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes - although there is no "right" in this case, since you are deriving "down"
2015-12-01T16:05:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and what if the config file doesn\'t exist, does it throw an error, or ignore it?
2015-12-01T16:05:27 <Bosmon> It throws an error
2015-12-01T16:05:30 <Justin_o> :(
2015-12-01T16:05:47 <Bosmon> As the framework will shortly do, if you try to derive from a grade which doesn\'t exist
2015-12-01T16:05:57 <Bosmon> This has long been the cause of lots of uncharacterised errors....
2015-12-01T16:06:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what i\'d want is to load a file (optionally) and then merge the environment variables config on top of that
2015-12-01T16:06:39 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I guess there is "right" in the case you write multiple "includes" from the same config, although this is unusual
2015-12-01T16:06:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-01T16:07:13 <Bosmon> Justin_o - by "load a file", presumably you just mean load a config
2015-12-01T16:07:17 <Bosmon> But why might it not exist?
2015-12-01T16:07:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes
2015-12-01T16:07:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: because it wasn\'t supplied
2015-12-01T16:07:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: basically the system i have now merges the config source from environment variables and one that may be optionally stored in a file if it exists.
2015-12-01T16:08:09 <Bosmon> What is the system meant to do, if it wasn\'t supplied?
2015-12-01T16:08:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in this way i can easily have a config file stored at a known location so that i can run in the VM but the file will not ever be committed
2015-12-01T16:08:30 <Justin_o> i can prevent that with gitignore
2015-12-01T16:08:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that seems very peculiar
2015-12-01T16:08:44 <Bosmon> Why might there be a file in a particular location that is not committed?
2015-12-01T16:08:44 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-01T16:09:04 <Justin_o> the environment variables take precedence and then if anything isn\'t supplied (fails the validation) it errors out
2015-12-01T16:49:56 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T16:54:17 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-12-01T16:54:18 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-01T16:54:18 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-01T16:54:18 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-01T16:54:18 <michelled> Jess_: just wanted to remind you that in July anastasiac had made notes on the things we have done for Floe
2015-12-01T16:54:18 <michelled> including links
2015-12-01T16:54:18 <michelled> they are in the deliverables spreadsheet - it would be on the \'Archived\' sheet by now
2015-12-01T16:54:18 <Jess_> michelled: oh, very helpful \xe2\x80\x94 mind pasting in the link?
2015-12-01T16:54:18 <michelled> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1I3LVD6POLHBOqualvL6GaZedGZpPzkoYmjWVHIphz2c/edit#gid=1288024272&vpid=A41
2015-12-01T16:55:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon, avtar, gtirloni, simonjb: is there a good time to meet about the config questions. I\'ll be free from 12:15 - 1:30 and probably 3 - 4pm EST
2015-12-01T16:56:02 <Jess_> michelled: great!
2015-12-01T16:56:16 <michelled> :)
2015-12-01T16:57:19 <simonjb> Justin_o: Bosmon and I are meeting at the moment with michelled, but would probably be done by 12:30
2015-12-01T16:57:30 <Justin_o> okay
2015-12-01T16:57:33 <Justin_o> simonjb: ^ thanks
2015-12-01T16:57:54 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-12-01T16:58:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-01T16:58:46 <gtirloni> 12:30 works for me
2015-12-01T17:02:10 <avtar> same here
2015-12-01T17:04:05 <avtar> Justin_o: the-t-in-rtf might be interested in joining as well re: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1516
2015-12-01T17:04:28 <Justin_o> avtar: good idea
2015-12-01T17:05:05 <the-t-in-rtf> If we\'re talking about today, I\'ll have to catch up later.  I am already staying late for one meeting and then signing off.
2015-12-01T17:49:59 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T18:06:58 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2015-12-01T18:17:00 * [o__o] joined the channel
2015-12-01T18:35:00 <michelled> simonjb, cindyli: can we meet after the community meeting tomorrow to talk about the remaining security work?
2015-12-01T18:35:15 <cindyli> sure, michelled
2015-12-01T18:35:27 <simonjb> michelled, cindyli: good for me
2015-12-01T18:35:40 <michelled> great, thx
2015-12-01T19:22:19 * clown has quit
2015-12-01T19:34:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-01T19:37:38 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-01T19:37:47 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2015-12-01T19:40:11 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-01T19:51:08 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-01T20:03:41 <simonjb> Bosmon: are there any existing jiras for the Nexus work?
2015-12-01T20:03:56 <Bosmon> simonjb - not one
2015-12-01T20:04:03 <Bosmon> I imagine we should have a new JIRA component for it too
2015-12-01T20:04:14 <simonjb> yes, that would be a good idea
2015-12-01T20:04:27 * slim has quit
2015-12-01T20:04:27 <simonjb> Bosmon: who could make that happen?
2015-12-01T20:04:45 <Bosmon> simonjb - not you?
2015-12-01T20:05:00 <Bosmon> I don\'t know what our community process for this is
2015-12-01T20:05:06 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-01T20:05:07 <Bosmon> And whether it is the same as for committers....
2015-12-01T20:05:41 <simonjb> Let me see, I was thinking that one might need special privileges for adding a jira component
'

