b'2015-12-15T16:38:44 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2015-12-15T16:39:03 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-15T16:43:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-15T16:46:24 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-15T16:46:52 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-15T16:55:55 <michelled> colinclark, danayo, sepidehshahi, alanharnum: would it be ok if we change the time of the weekly Learning Dashboard meeting to after the crit? so 2:30 eastern on Mondays?
2015-12-15T16:56:11 <alanharnum> michelled: that\'s fine with me
2015-12-15T16:56:24 <sepidehshahi> it\xe2\x80\x99s fine for me as well
2015-12-15T16:56:42 <danayo> sure michelled
2015-12-15T17:03:50 <colinclark> works for me, michelled
2015-12-15T17:04:00 <michelled> great!
2015-12-15T17:04:51 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-15T17:13:24 * justin_dubs_ has quit
2015-12-15T17:24:33 * danayo has quit
2015-12-15T17:29:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-15T17:30:52 * michelled has quit
2015-12-15T17:39:03 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2015-12-15T17:56:39 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-15T17:57:54 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-15T17:58:29 <alanharnum> avtar: i just made a PR to your GPII-1507 fork to add in Docker container building; it should probably be a separate PR to GPII/universal once the GPII-1507 changes are accepted there, but I wanted you to be able to see what I was thinking to align the Docker and Vagrant build processes
2015-12-15T18:00:05 <avtar> alanharnum: thanks
2015-12-15T18:00:10 <simonjb> danayo, sepidehshahi: is now good for you to meet?
2015-12-15T18:00:21 <sepidehshahi> simonjb: and danayo where should we meet?
2015-12-15T18:00:23 <danayo> yes
2015-12-15T18:00:33 <sepidehshahi> yes
2015-12-15T18:00:34 <avtar> i\'m working with Justin_o atm.. i\'ll check out your changes shortly
2015-12-15T18:00:41 <simonjb> sepidehshahi: is Michelle around?
2015-12-15T18:00:53 <sepidehshahi> she is not in the office
2015-12-15T18:00:55 <simonjb> danayo, sepidehshahi: let\'s meet in my vidyo room
2015-12-15T18:01:01 <sepidehshahi> ok
2015-12-15T18:01:20 <alanharnum> avtar: no rush - going to look at First Discovery Server containerization now. i think the general shape of the approach should work, but we may want to tweak the specifics.
2015-12-15T18:02:29 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-15T18:02:42 <michelled> simonjb: where are we meeting?
2015-12-15T18:02:55 <simonjb> michelled: my vidyo room
2015-12-15T18:18:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-15T18:22:35 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-15T18:27:04 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-15T18:38:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-15T18:48:47 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-15T18:53:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-15T19:06:12 * simonjb has quit
2015-12-15T19:15:56 * michelled has quit
2015-12-15T19:20:39 * bjderzin_ joined the channel
2015-12-15T19:23:01 * bjderzin has quit
2015-12-15T19:30:44 * bjderzin_ has quit
2015-12-15T19:53:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-15T19:53:52 * yzen has quit
2015-12-15T19:56:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-15T20:09:56 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-15T20:11:47 * Yan_Hu has quit
2015-12-15T20:29:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-15T20:34:20 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-15T20:44:07 * simonjb has quit
2015-12-15T21:01:53 <Justin_o> alanharnum: what means did you use to launch the fd server
2015-12-15T21:02:04 <Justin_o> in the docker container
2015-12-15T21:08:04 <Justin_o> anastasiac: I\'ve updated this pull request, would you mind having another look https://github.com/GPII/docs-first-discovery/pull/3
2015-12-15T21:08:15 <anastasiac> ineed, Justin_o
2015-12-15T21:08:46 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2015-12-15T21:08:52 <anastasiac> Justin_o: does this reference code that\xe2\x80\x99s in master? or in a branch?
2015-12-15T21:09:06 <Justin_o> anastasiac: code that\'s in FLOE-430 branch
2015-12-15T21:09:15 <Justin_o> anastasiac: also, not sure what the issue was with https://github.com/GPII/docs-first-discovery/pull/3#discussion_r46484199
2015-12-15T21:09:19 <Justin_o> would you mind if come by to see
2015-12-15T21:09:58 <Justin_o> anastasiac: sorry, this one https://github.com/GPII/docs-first-discovery/pull/3#discussion_r46484142
2015-12-15T21:13:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-15T21:14:34 * anvk has quit
2015-12-15T21:15:37 <jhung1> off-topic but may be interesting to some people here. A video compiling interviews of computer users recalling their first computer. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r4Cmwd_7vA
2015-12-15T21:19:18 <alanharnum> Justin_o: https://gist.github.com/waharnum/92ffbe9de590e164de30
2015-12-15T21:26:26 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2015-12-15T21:26:47 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'ve triggered "docpad run", things should be working now and I\'ve addressed your last two comments
2015-12-15T21:27:12 <Justin_o> The table under the "environment.json" section is quite wide though.. any thoughts on narrowing it down?
2015-12-15T21:27:45 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99ll have a look, Justin_o
2015-12-15T21:27:53 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2015-12-15T21:29:28 <Justin_o> alanharnum: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/GPII_OAuth_2_Guide#Client_Credentials_Grant
2015-12-15T21:46:55 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-15T21:50:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-15T21:52:02 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-15T21:52:06 * bens_ has quit
2015-12-15T21:57:22 * cindyli has quit
2015-12-15T21:58:21 * alanharnum has quit
2015-12-15T22:06:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-15T22:09:11 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-15T22:18:38 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-15T22:21:21 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2015-12-15T22:26:32 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-12-15T22:27:03 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-15T22:40:20 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-12-15T22:46:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-15T22:49:08 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-12-15T23:30:12 * amatas has quit
2015-12-15T23:37:30 * Justin_o has quit
2015-12-15T23:50:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-15T23:50:51 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-15T23:56:55 * michelled has quit
'

b'2015-12-15T00:30:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-15T01:42:55 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-15T02:10:48 * danayo has quit
2015-12-15T02:12:08 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-15T03:51:06 * bens___ has quit
2015-12-15T03:51:36 * bens_ has quit
2015-12-15T04:46:02 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2015-12-15T04:47:39 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-12-15T04:51:24 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-15T05:18:04 * danayo has quit
2015-12-15T05:32:49 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-15T05:52:35 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-15T06:51:12 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-12-15T08:15:27 * amatas joined the channel
2015-12-15T09:55:57 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-15T10:22:20 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-15T10:51:09 * simonjb has quit
2015-12-15T13:14:30 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-15T13:15:16 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-12-15T13:15:45 <jhernandez> Bosmon: bonjour
2015-12-15T13:15:53 <jhernandez> I\'ve updated https://github.com/amb26/linux/pull/2
2015-12-15T13:16:23 <jhernandez> *I think* it\'s ready again for you to review
2015-12-15T13:16:54 * jhung joined the channel
2015-12-15T13:16:57 <jhernandez> wrt orca, I\'ve removed that nasty and loop-blocking config file creation thing
2015-12-15T13:17:32 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-12-15T13:17:52 * jhung1 joined the channel
2015-12-15T13:18:00 * jhung has quit
2015-12-15T13:25:18 * jessm joined the channel
2015-12-15T13:27:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-15T13:28:20 <Bosmon> jhernandez - that\'s fantastic, on both counts
2015-12-15T13:28:27 <Bosmon> Did you find why the orca tests appeared to be running?
2015-12-15T13:28:32 <Bosmon> Even though the implementation was completely broken?
2015-12-15T13:32:34 <colinclark> Bosmon: I have five tabs all set up for the plane, and have freshly fetched your remote
2015-12-15T13:32:41 <colinclark> so that should get the Infusion pull requests out of the way, at least
2015-12-15T13:32:55 <Bosmon> colinclark - awesome!
2015-12-15T13:33:25 <colinclark> I\'ve got the kettle one here too, though I imagine it will take some time
2015-12-15T13:34:28 <colinclark> I\'ve also got some light reading on transmateriality and Deleuzian signaletics if I get done quickly :P
2015-12-15T13:36:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: looking over your message here from yesterday regarding my IoC resolution issue with resolveRootSingle
2015-12-15T13:36:45 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-15T13:36:57 <kasparnet> hi cindyli
2015-12-15T13:37:07 <cindyli> hi kasparnet
2015-12-15T13:37:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  I don\'t rely understand what fluid.constructor is for
2015-12-15T13:37:25 <Justin_o> sorry. fluid.construct
2015-12-15T13:37:27 <cindyli> wonder if you had a chance to try the security server demo, kasparnet
2015-12-15T13:37:58 <kasparnet> yes, I tried it out this morning and had questions
2015-12-15T13:39:06 <cindyli> ok
2015-12-15T13:39:30 * kasparnet is just booting his VM
2015-12-15T13:39:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is path the grade name of the component i want to construct? would i do fluid.construct("gpii.resolvers.env"); in the configUtils.js file?
2015-12-15T13:45:37 <kasparnet> cindyli: ok - so I actually had an issue with the URL before - but it looks like I must have made a typo or something before, because that is working now
2015-12-15T13:45:50 <cindyli> yay!
2015-12-15T13:46:07 <cindyli> let me know if you have other issues, kasparnet ;)
2015-12-15T13:46:10 <kasparnet> I have an issue with NVDA not being launched right now, but it might be due me not having modified the installed solutions file
2015-12-15T13:46:21 <kasparnet> I\'ll just do a quick debug and let you know my finding cindyli
2015-12-15T13:46:23 <kasparnet> and cheers
2015-12-15T13:46:29 <cindyli> thanks, kasparnet
2015-12-15T13:51:24 <jhernandez> Bosmon: you were right (as always) :P - we wasn\'t testing the removal of settings and we was leaving crap on the orca\'s config file
2015-12-15T13:52:29 <kasparnet> cindyli: yay - it\'s working!!
2015-12-15T13:52:40 <cindyli> super!
2015-12-15T13:52:45 <cindyli> thanks for trying out, kasparnet
2015-12-15T13:52:49 <jhernandez> now the settings handler works better and is less hacky
2015-12-15T13:55:13 <kasparnet> well - thanks for making everything work smoothly, cindyli :)
2015-12-15T13:56:15 <cindyli> np, kasparnet. thanks to simon who did the most implementation :)
2015-12-15T13:56:35 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you can\'t use the grade name itself since periods are still not allowed in member names
2015-12-15T13:56:46 <Bosmon> But you can use some other identifiable kind of string...
2015-12-15T13:57:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - actually there is this utility now: https://github.com/amb26/infusion/blob/FLUID-5818/src/framework/core/js/FluidIoC.js#L1487
2015-12-15T13:57:40 <Bosmon> I had forgotten it went into core in my branch
2015-12-15T13:57:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i have this after my fluid.defaults now
2015-12-15T13:57:53 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/4K8PEsir/
2015-12-15T13:58:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and I removed the environment subcomponent
2015-12-15T13:58:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is that what you were suggesting?
2015-12-15T13:58:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it\'s somewhat documented here but not entirely clearly: http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ContextAwareness.html#example-of-dynamically-broadcasting-a-fresh-adaptation
2015-12-15T13:59:03 <Bosmon> In that there are other uses of "constructSingle" than making adaptations that I had thought of
2015-12-15T13:59:06 <Bosmon> For example, this use :)
2015-12-15T14:01:25 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-15T14:02:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, that is what I was suggesting
2015-12-15T14:03:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, should i keep what i have now or switch to constructSingle?
2015-12-15T14:04:25 * slim_ joined the channel
2015-12-15T14:04:39 * slim_ has quit
2015-12-15T14:07:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-15T14:08:03 * justin_dubs joined the channel
2015-12-15T14:08:40 * anvk joined the channel
2015-12-15T14:09:16 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-15T14:14:09 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-15T14:41:18 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-15T14:54:55 * bens_ joined the channel
2015-12-15T14:57:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-15T15:01:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so it seems my tests of deduping infusion before were incorrect as i had lingering node_modules that were in a proper state. Also i had missed adding back npm install to my vm setup after removing the full install npm script
2015-12-15T15:01:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: all that to say that the infusion deduping isn\'t working
2015-12-15T15:01:51 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it works everywhere else
2015-12-15T15:01:58 <Bosmon> I imagine that gpii_express depends on an old version of Infusion
2015-12-15T15:02:08 <Justin_o> anastasiac, michelled, danayo: are we having the PGA check in?
2015-12-15T15:02:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s likely the case
2015-12-15T15:02:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: should i keep manually deduping, or is there a work around i could employ?
2015-12-15T15:02:36 <anastasiac> shall we meet in the fluid-standup vidyo room?
2015-12-15T15:02:42 <Justin_o> anastasiac: sure
2015-12-15T15:03:06 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, it might be time to think about porting the server just to Kettle proper, since we are capable of supporting that now
2015-12-15T15:03:10 <Bosmon> We have docs after all : P
2015-12-15T15:03:21 <Bosmon> simonjb is gaining experience with it too in his work on the Nexus
2015-12-15T15:04:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how long will that take? The PGA team needs this stuff ASAP i\'m assuming
2015-12-15T15:04:50 <Bosmon> Shouldn\'t take more than a few hours... I see you only have 3 endpoints
2015-12-15T15:05:00 <Bosmon> And the systems aren\'t very different in the end
2015-12-15T15:05:02 <alanharnum> Bosmon Justin_o: this is the error stack when trying to start a fresh VM: http://pastie.org/private/l5nygef2pnhnynlywcgq1w
2015-12-15T15:05:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, and tests
2015-12-15T15:05:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay
2015-12-15T15:05:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'ll check with anastasiac and michelled about time lines
2015-12-15T15:05:51 <Bosmon> Actually looks like you have only 1 endpoint, and two static handlers
2015-12-15T15:06:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, that\'s correct, the demos and src are for the web app
2015-12-15T15:06:27 <Justin_o> to load
2015-12-15T15:10:37 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ve made an assert function along the lines of https://github.com/amb26/kettle/blob/KETTLE-32/lib/test/KettleTestUtils.http.js#L158 but with an assertLeftHand
2015-12-15T15:10:56 <Bosmon> simonjb - cool
2015-12-15T15:11:00 <simonjb> I wanted to test this assert function and am having trouble seeing how to test failure cases
2015-12-15T15:11:37 <simonjb> assert that there will be an assert failure coming up...
2015-12-15T15:12:02 <simonjb> Bosmon: do we have a way to do that?
2015-12-15T15:13:04 * jessm has quit
2015-12-15T15:13:38 <Bosmon> simonjb - what we have is the http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/jqUnit.html#jqunit-expectframeworkdiagnostic-message-toinvoke-errortexts- utility I pointed Justin_o to yesterday
2015-12-15T15:13:59 <Bosmon> Oh, sorry
2015-12-15T15:14:02 <Bosmon> I understand the question now
2015-12-15T15:14:13 <Bosmon> No, it is pretty unclear how to test failure cases
2015-12-15T15:14:43 <Bosmon> The only time I tried to do this is here: https://github.com/fluid-project/node-jqunit/blob/master/test/failingTests.js
2015-12-15T15:14:54 <Bosmon> It\'s pretty crude
2015-12-15T15:14:55 <simonjb> yeah, I was looking at that
2015-12-15T15:15:26 <simonjb> that relies on the tests being run separately from everything else right?
2015-12-15T15:16:04 <Bosmon> yes
2015-12-15T15:16:04 <simonjb> because in checks the passed count on the whole run?
2015-12-15T15:16:15 <simonjb> ok
2015-12-15T15:16:22 <Bosmon> I\'m just looking at what QUnit themselves do
2015-12-15T15:16:41 <simonjb> so we could introduce a failing tests suite for kettle, maybe?
2015-12-15T15:16:50 <Bosmon> yes
2015-12-15T15:17:19 <Bosmon> It looks like QUnit don\'t do anything particularly principled either: https://github.com/jquery/qunit/blob/master/test/startError.html
2015-12-15T15:17:48 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-15T15:17:52 <simonjb> yeah, interesting
2015-12-15T15:18:34 <simonjb> ok, for now I\'ll add a failingTests.js for kettle and use the same approach as node-jqunit -- thanks Bosmon!
2015-12-15T15:19:11 <Bosmon> Cheers simonjb
2015-12-15T15:20:20 * jessm joined the channel
2015-12-15T15:34:32 * justin_dubs_ joined the channel
2015-12-15T15:36:03 * justin_dubs has quit
2015-12-15T15:41:09 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2015-12-15T15:54:55 <Justin_o> michelled, anastasiac: talked to Bosmon, we\'ll hold off on the gpii-express to kettle port in the fd server for now.
2015-12-15T15:56:08 * bjderzin joined the channel
2015-12-15T15:57:33 <anastasiac> Justin_o: oh? why is that?
2015-12-15T15:58:00 <Justin_o> anastasiac: just to make sure we get FLOE-430 in soon. we can do the port separately after.
2015-12-15T15:58:39 <anastasiac> okley
2015-12-15T16:03:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-15T16:23:45 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: i have to restart the servers that host Fluid\'s and GPII\'s JIRA. i would like to do that in 5min, please save your JIRAs
2015-12-15T16:24:09 <Bosmon> Thanks for the headsup gtirloni
2015-12-15T16:25:19 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yes, thanks for letting us know
2015-12-15T16:26:32 <Justin_o> alanharnum: FLOE-430 should be in a working state again
2015-12-15T16:26:47 <alanharnum> Justin_o: ok, thanks - will look after standup
2015-12-15T16:26:56 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2015-12-15T16:33:09 <gtirloni> servers rebooted. thanks for your patience :)
'

