b'2015-12-08T23:11:33 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2015-12-08T23:11:40 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2015-12-08T23:14:42 * lliskovoi has quit
2015-12-08T23:27:59 * amatas has quit
2015-12-08T23:37:28 * Justin_o has quit
'

b'2015-12-08T19:10:59 <danayo> works for me
2015-12-08T19:11:02 <colinclark> sepi did a lot of the graphs for the QI
2015-12-08T19:11:06 <colinclark> I don\'t know if she\'ll be around?
2015-12-08T19:11:19 <colinclark> It works for me, now that I\'ve changed my flight to next Tuesday :)
2015-12-08T19:11:27 <colinclark> Otherwise I would have been on the plane
2015-12-08T19:11:29 <michelled> alanharnum: how about you?
2015-12-08T19:11:58 <michelled> Thursday for some brainstorming around authoring and dashboards and everything nice. :)
2015-12-08T19:12:29 <alanharnum> michelled: that should work for me
2015-12-08T19:13:00 <colinclark> jessm: How about you?
2015-12-08T19:13:38 <michelled> apparently sepi expects to be back around 2:30
2015-12-08T19:13:44 <michelled> we can check with her then
2015-12-08T19:13:48 <colinclark> ok
2015-12-08T19:14:06 <colinclark> It would be pretty interesting, in the context of an authoring environment, to allow users to reflect on contributions they\'ve made
2015-12-08T19:14:12 <colinclark> to adapting or customizing content
2015-12-08T19:14:27 * anvk has quit
2015-12-08T19:14:29 <colinclark> information about who has used/benefitted from things they\'ve authored or customized
2015-12-08T19:14:30 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T19:14:43 <danayo> +1 colinclark
2015-12-08T19:14:47 <danayo> I like that idea
2015-12-08T19:14:51 <colinclark> starting to reinforce this idea that I was talking about in Jutta\'s class last week
2015-12-08T19:15:00 * michelled1 joined the channel
2015-12-08T19:15:10 * anvk joined the channel
2015-12-08T19:15:14 <colinclark> where one way to deal with the potential complexity of customization/preferences setting is to have a community of people to share customizations with
2015-12-08T19:16:31 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T19:27:45 <jessm> colinclark: everyone: thursday works for me \xe2\x80\x94 i have a lunch around noontime that might last a tad longer with ETG, but after or before would be fine
2015-12-08T19:28:00 <colinclark> ok, cool. I think we\'re thinking 2 pm EST
2015-12-08T19:29:27 <jessm> that works for me
2015-12-08T19:29:32 <colinclark> ok, cool
2015-12-08T19:33:24 <colinclark> this\'ll be fun
2015-12-08T19:34:13 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-08T19:37:38 <Bosmon> Hey there clown - fluid.require("node-jqunit") is correct for the new work
2015-12-08T19:37:49 <Bosmon> If it is not resolving, it is because you don\'t have the matching branch of universal
2015-12-08T19:38:08 <Bosmon> Which is this one: https://github.com/amb26/universal/tree/GPII-1318
2015-12-08T19:38:12 <clown> Bosmon, thanks.  Yes,  I just figured that out.  I need GPII-1318?
2015-12-08T19:38:19 <Bosmon> You\'ll need to make sure to run npm install in it first
2015-12-08T19:38:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-08T19:38:45 <simonjb> hey Bosmon, I\'m looking at https://github.com/amb26/kettle/blob/KETTLE-32/lib/test/KettleTestUtils.http.js#L158-L163 and in my case I\'d like to check the response status code and the content-type but not an exact check on the body
2015-12-08T19:38:51 * clown is literally being bounced up and down due to the construction next door
2015-12-08T19:39:08 <clown> Bosmon, much thanks.
2015-12-08T19:39:59 <simonjb> Bosmon: something like https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/testing/src/CloudBasedOAuth2.js#L123-L128
2015-12-08T19:40:19 <simonjb> what do you think about adding that to kettle?
2015-12-08T19:42:35 <Bosmon> simonjb - it\'s already there
2015-12-08T19:43:01 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/kettle/blob/KETTLE-32/lib/test/KettleTestUtils.http.js#L158
2015-12-08T19:43:20 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/kettle/tree/KETTLE-32#helper-methods-for-making-assertions-on-oncomplete
2015-12-08T19:44:23 <simonjb> Bosmon: except in my case I want to verify the body myself, rather than an assertDeepEq
2015-12-08T19:44:49 <simonjb> (as we discussed earlier regarding the response grade specification)
2015-12-08T19:58:50 <Bosmon> simonjb - very sorry to read so badly
2015-12-08T19:59:09 <Bosmon> I do see now that you pasted that code literally two lines before and I have missed it
2015-12-08T19:59:47 <simonjb> Bosmon: no problems :)
2015-12-08T20:00:16 <Bosmon> Is there really nothing about the JSON response you are interested in?
2015-12-08T20:00:57 <Bosmon> I\'m wondering whether a method that accepts a final, optional argument and does an assertLeftHand with it might be a useful halfway house between one assertion and the other
2015-12-08T20:01:15 <simonjb> I do need to check the response but, as we talked about earlier, there is stuff in the response that we want to ignore
2015-12-08T20:01:21 <Bosmon> Oh right
2015-12-08T20:01:27 <Bosmon> So that does sound like what we want then
2015-12-08T20:01:29 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-08T20:01:58 <Bosmon> That is, a variant of this that does assertLeftHand - which, when the final argument is omitted, reduces to making no checks
2015-12-08T20:02:22 <simonjb> yeah, that seems like a good option
2015-12-08T20:05:00 <Bosmon> cool
2015-12-08T20:06:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-08T20:06:18 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2015-12-08T20:06:41 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon!
2015-12-08T20:10:54 <clown> Bosmon, when I do \'npm install\' I get a warning:  http://www.fpaste.org/298815/44960536/  Is that a problem?
2015-12-08T20:13:03 <Bosmon> clown - it\'s no problem, but you should do rm -rf on node_modules in there to clean out any old dependencies
2015-12-08T20:13:10 <Bosmon> It looks like there is an old "jqUnit" in there
2015-12-08T20:13:37 <clown> define "in there".
2015-12-08T20:13:50 * clown doesn\'t want to remove the wrong thing(s)
2015-12-08T20:14:33 <clown> do you mean "\xe2\x80\xa6/universal/node_modules"?
2015-12-08T20:30:26 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-08T20:35:23 <colinclark> anastasiac: I was thinking of questoin 1ai on this list here: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Task+Order+0003+Questions+and+Thoughts
2015-12-08T20:35:47 <colinclark> After reading it a few times, I think the background information explains my questions about it pretty well
2015-12-08T20:36:03 <colinclark> this is definitely motivated by Gregg, and I think it makes sense
2015-12-08T20:36:39 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-08T20:36:51 <colinclark> my understanding is that they will immediately create an empty preference set in the Preferences Server and, presumably (depending on the answer to question 1bii), provision the token on a physical device such as an NFC tag
2015-12-08T20:37:07 <colinclark> from there, the preference set will always be saved to the Preferences Server rather than local storage
2015-12-08T20:37:30 <colinclark> since the Background section describes allowing "the user to continue the process on another device"
2015-12-08T20:37:46 <colinclark> Am I reading this correctly, anastasiac?
2015-12-08T20:38:08 <anastasiac> reading...
2015-12-08T20:39:19 <anastasiac> colinclark: I think your reading is correct, but I\xe2\x80\x99m also still task-switching to this train of thought
2015-12-08T20:39:26 <colinclark> ok :)
2015-12-08T20:39:27 <colinclark> take your time
2015-12-08T20:39:30 <anastasiac> do you comments above imply that your question in the wiki is anwered?
2015-12-08T20:39:40 <colinclark> yes, question 1ai, I think its clear
2015-12-08T20:39:49 <colinclark> but I guess you wrote the original question, and I rephrased it
2015-12-08T20:39:53 <anastasiac> and the answer is \xe2\x80\x9cyes, the workflow will change\xe2\x80\x9d?
2015-12-08T20:39:55 <colinclark> perhaps eliding some key point in the process
2015-12-08T20:40:00 <colinclark> Yes, I believe that\'s the case
2015-12-08T20:40:00 <anastasiac> I didn\xe2\x80\x99t write the question :-)
2015-12-08T20:40:03 <colinclark> and I think it\'s pretty sensible
2015-12-08T20:40:04 * amatas joined the channel
2015-12-08T20:40:04 <colinclark> ok, ok
2015-12-08T20:40:13 <colinclark> haha
2015-12-08T20:40:27 <anastasiac> maybe that\xe2\x80\x99s why it\xe2\x80\x99s taking me a minute to come up to speed :-)
2015-12-08T20:41:13 <colinclark> who did write it, anastasiac?
2015-12-08T20:41:17 <anastasiac> so to summarize, colinclark: right now, our prefs server integration process is to create a token and save prefs at the very end of the process
2015-12-08T20:41:21 <anastasiac> dunno
2015-12-08T20:41:24 <colinclark> ok
2015-12-08T20:41:27 <colinclark> It looks like you added that text to the wiki
2015-12-08T20:41:33 <colinclark> but perhaps it was magic :)
2015-12-08T20:41:40 <colinclark> yes, your summary is correct, I believe
2015-12-08T20:41:44 <colinclark> Justin_o can confirm
2015-12-08T20:41:51 <anastasiac> we\xe2\x80\x99re assuming that the IBM team will need to change that so that the token is created at the start, and that prefs are saved as you go
2015-12-08T20:41:57 <colinclark> yup, exactly
2015-12-08T20:42:02 <colinclark> which should be totally doable
2015-12-08T20:42:16 <colinclark> and a worthwhile addition to the workflow, I think
2015-12-08T20:42:29 <colinclark> the only question I have is whether they\'re planning to actually provision physical tokens
2015-12-08T20:42:31 <anastasiac> it looks like the later \xe2\x80\x9cparts\xe2\x80\x9d of 1.a.ii. are still valid questions
2015-12-08T20:42:33 <colinclark> like NFC tags or USB sticks
2015-12-08T20:42:48 <colinclark> yup, exactly
2015-12-08T20:42:53 <anastasiac> I think Justin added the questions
2015-12-08T20:43:00 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99ll edit the page to add answers
2015-12-08T20:43:02 <colinclark> ok, cool
2015-12-08T20:43:49 <colinclark> danayo: I was thinking that we might want to know, when selecting sites for testing, what people actually do with technology there--what kinds of content, goals, etc. they might have when they\'re testing with the GPII
2015-12-08T20:45:17 <danayo> yes colinclark - and actually, this might solve another issue - that being the #2. item in ISKME\'s email - how to know which preferences to include in the tool
2015-12-08T20:45:36 <colinclark> ah, interesting
2015-12-08T20:45:39 <colinclark> can you elaborate?
2015-12-08T20:46:44 <danayo> well, they are suggesting to run folks through a demo ahead of time - either staff or end-users - in order to determine "site-specific preferences". but having end-users use a demo prior to formal testing seems like a really bad idea to me
2015-12-08T20:47:05 <colinclark> how come?
2015-12-08T20:47:19 <colinclark> (you\'re probably right, I\'m just curious about the rationale)
2015-12-08T20:47:49 <danayo> I\'m assuming they\'d be the same end users? but maybe not
2015-12-08T20:48:03 <danayo> in which case we\'d lose the "fresh eyes" feedback
2015-12-08T20:48:14 <colinclark> yes, that makes sense
2015-12-08T20:48:35 <colinclark> it does seem like a bit of a strange ordering issue
2015-12-08T20:48:50 <colinclark> perhaps the survey, as you say, should try to capture the kinds of preferences specific to a site upfront
2015-12-08T20:50:59 <danayo> yeah, I think we could get info about end-users about 1) technical goals (as you suggest) and 2) more general needs (might be harder to capture) which should both inform decisions around site-specific preferences to include
2015-12-08T20:51:24 <danayo> but I also think we could err on the side of having "too many" preferences available
2015-12-08T20:51:47 <colinclark> yes
2015-12-08T20:51:54 <colinclark> that makes sense
2015-12-08T20:51:58 <danayo> better than leaving some out that someone might actually find useful
2015-12-08T20:52:01 <colinclark> yup
2015-12-08T20:52:08 <colinclark> do you want to suggest a couple of questions related to that on the wiki page?
2015-12-08T20:52:58 <danayo> sure
2015-12-08T20:59:51 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-08T21:04:43 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-08T21:05:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-08T21:06:28 <danayo> please let me know what you think of what I put on the wiki page colinclark
2015-12-08T21:06:47 <danayo> I lumped your question together with another, hope that makes sense
2015-12-08T21:06:56 <danayo> 5a and 5b
2015-12-08T21:08:12 <danayo> wasn\'t sure how best to word that second question
2015-12-08T21:08:53 <danayo> the whole point of FD tool is for users to discover prefs, so asking ahead of time what prefs whey might want seems a bit strange
2015-12-08T21:09:32 * anvk has quit
2015-12-08T21:51:06 * bens_ has quit
2015-12-08T22:07:24 <colinclark> ok, will do, danayo
2015-12-08T22:07:45 <danayo> thx
2015-12-08T22:17:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T22:21:06 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T22:28:10 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-08T22:31:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T22:31:33 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T22:31:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T22:48:10 * kasparnet has quit
'

b'2015-12-08T00:25:51 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-12-08T00:59:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-08T00:59:34 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-08T01:59:53 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-12-08T02:40:22 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-12-08T02:50:38 * alanharn_ has quit
2015-12-08T03:49:20 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-08T03:51:09 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-12-08T05:12:12 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-08T07:39:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T07:40:24 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T07:42:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T07:59:44 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T08:01:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T08:24:03 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2015-12-08T08:54:35 * yzen joined the channel
2015-12-08T09:42:32 * amatas joined the channel
2015-12-08T11:11:11 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-12-08T11:29:37 * alanharn_ has quit
2015-12-08T11:47:56 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-12-08T12:34:44 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-12-08T12:52:10 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T13:04:05 * jtworkme has quit
2015-12-08T13:22:12 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-12-08T13:28:04 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2015-12-08T13:30:35 * bjderzin joined the channel
2015-12-08T13:46:57 * bens_ joined the channel
2015-12-08T13:52:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-08T13:52:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T13:52:38 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-12-08T14:03:10 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-08T14:10:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-08T14:22:58 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-12-08T14:35:48 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-08T14:51:49 * clown joined the channel
2015-12-08T14:56:06 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-08T15:02:07 <colinclark> danayo, michelled, anastasiac, Justin_o: Are we ready to chat about PGA?
2015-12-08T15:02:27 <danayo> ready
2015-12-08T15:03:32 <Justin_o> colinclark: sure
2015-12-08T15:03:48 <colinclark> Shall we meet in the flud_standup room?
2015-12-08T15:04:11 <colinclark> I\'m just going to change to my faster network, be right there
2015-12-08T15:04:26 <Justin_o> colinclark: sure
2015-12-08T15:04:32 <anastasiac> michelled and I are just finishing up a dspace meeting
2015-12-08T15:04:41 <Justin_o> colinclark: ^
2015-12-08T15:05:15 <michelled> it\'s ending now
2015-12-08T15:05:21 <michelled> we\'ll be there in a couple minutes
2015-12-08T15:08:44 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-08T15:10:11 <anastasiac> aaargh
2015-12-08T15:10:49 * anastasiac has quit
2015-12-08T15:11:28 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-08T15:13:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-08T15:26:28 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-12-08T15:54:28 <gtirloni> interesting flowcharts: http://racksburg.com/choosing-an-http-status-code
2015-12-08T16:01:31 <Justin_o> danayo, anastasiac: i\'ll probably go to the standup today. Maybe i could go Tuesdays and Thursdays. Although this thursday i won\'t be able to make it
2015-12-08T16:01:38 <Justin_o> PGA standup ^
2015-12-08T16:02:08 <simonjb> hey Bosmon, when you had a moment, I\'d like to run through some things with you regarding the Nexus -- thanks!
2015-12-08T16:04:12 <Bosmon> Hey there simonjb!
2015-12-08T16:04:56 <danayo> Justin_o sounds good, I could go tomorrow, then try for Mon/Wed?
2015-12-08T16:05:21 <Justin_o> danayo: sounds good, thanks
2015-12-08T16:05:27 <simonjb> Bosmon: I have a proof of concept implementation of read defaults and a test for it and wanted to check some stuff before continuing
2015-12-08T16:05:36 <Bosmon> simonjb - marvellous
2015-12-08T16:06:16 <simonjb> Bosmon: https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/master/src/Nexus.js and https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/master/tests/ReadDefaultsTests.js
2015-12-08T16:06:49 <Bosmon> simonjb - looks reasonable to me
2015-12-08T16:07:15 <simonjb> Bosmon: https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/master/tests/ReadDefaultsTests.js#L15-L39
2015-12-08T16:07:31 <simonjb> I define a test grade and then verify the response
2015-12-08T16:08:00 <Bosmon> simonjb - I would use something like "jqUnit.assertLeftHand" in order to ignore extraneous material in the defaults
2015-12-08T16:08:09 <Bosmon> Since this stuff is not very stable in general
2015-12-08T16:08:18 <simonjb> ok, that was my question
2015-12-08T16:08:29 <simonjb> what should I verify and what should I ignore?
2015-12-08T16:08:47 <Bosmon> You should verify just what the user originally wrote in the arguments to fluid.defaults
2015-12-08T16:09:11 <simonjb> ok, cool, and ignore everything else?
2015-12-08T16:09:12 <Bosmon> Which I guess is not much in this case
2015-12-08T16:09:14 <Bosmon> Yes
2015-12-08T16:09:33 <simonjb> ok, great, I will fill out by test grade so that it\'s a bit more interesting
2015-12-08T16:09:45 <Bosmon> And I guess verifying the gradeNames would need to be done by a custom algorithm anyway
2015-12-08T16:10:13 <Bosmon> I would suggest just looping through all of the user\'s original grades and checking fluid.hasGrade() on the read defaults for each of them
2015-12-08T16:11:41 <Justin_o> anastasiac, danayo: I added the PGA Stand-Up to the fluid calendar
2015-12-08T16:11:51 <anastasiac> thanks
2015-12-08T16:12:14 <Bosmon> simonjb - http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/CoreAPI.html#fluid-hasgrade-options-gradename-
2015-12-08T16:12:32 <simonjb> ok, thanks Bosmon, and is a \'grade specification\' a reasonable thing to call the response? it\'s what is used on the Nexus API wiki page
2015-12-08T16:12:34 <Bosmon> How unfamiliar to be able to refer to ... DOCS : P
2015-12-08T16:12:49 <simonjb> :)
2015-12-08T16:12:50 <Bosmon> simonjb - yes, I think so
2015-12-08T16:13:22 <Bosmon> A useful sanity test might be to resubmit the response back again to your "writeGrade" test and verify that it has stabilised by round-tripping
2015-12-08T16:13:33 <Bosmon> Once you have the PUT endpoint that is
2015-12-08T16:14:02 <simonjb> Yeah, I think that\'s a good idea
2015-12-08T16:14:08 <Bosmon> Although there is some processing that happens within fluid.defaults() which adds some extra fields etc to the grade, we do expect that this will be idempotent in the end
2015-12-08T16:20:38 * danayo has quit
2015-12-08T16:25:46 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-08T16:29:21 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-08T16:33:29 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-12-08T16:49:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-12-08T16:51:11 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-08T16:51:48 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T16:54:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T17:06:02 * danayo has quit
2015-12-08T17:09:47 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T17:11:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T17:18:42 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2015-12-08T17:26:28 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T17:27:25 * colinclark has quit
2015-12-08T17:30:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T17:33:31 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-12-08T17:45:11 * anvk joined the channel
2015-12-08T17:53:25 * Yan_Hu has quit
2015-12-08T18:01:45 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T18:04:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2015-12-08T18:05:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2015-12-08T18:06:20 * kasparnet has quit
2015-12-08T18:17:28 * danayo joined the channel
2015-12-08T18:18:14 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-12-08T18:18:31 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-12-08T18:34:07 * bjderzin has quit
2015-12-08T18:41:25 <clown> jhernandez, I\'ve nearly finished the port to nan for the packagekit add-on, but\xe2\x80\xa6
2015-12-08T18:41:48 <clown> I\'m running into a weird issue with unit testing (nothing to do with the port, per se).
2015-12-08T18:42:21 <clown> I keep getting a "Error: Cannot find module \'node-jqunit\'", based on a fluid.require(\xe2\x80\xa6).
2015-12-08T18:42:25 <clown> any ideas why?
2015-12-08T18:46:20 <clown> maybe Bosmon does ^
2015-12-08T18:54:19 * jessm joined the channel
2015-12-08T18:54:47 <clown> Bosmon, jhernandez, never mind.  I figured it out.
2015-12-08T18:54:52 * michelled joined the channel
2015-12-08T18:58:57 <clown> Bosmon, jhernandez, then again, maybe not.
2015-12-08T19:01:34 <clown> What is the correct invocation?  Is it \'fluid.require("jqUnit")\'?  Or, \'fluid.require("node-jqunit")\'?
2015-12-08T19:01:41 * clown brb
2015-12-08T19:02:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-12-08T19:04:57 <colinclark> hey michelled
2015-12-08T19:05:05 <michelled> hi colinclark
2015-12-08T19:05:31 <colinclark> I had a nice chat with Jutta today about dashboards and self-assessment and how they relate to our Floe work on authoring, charting, sonification, that kind of stuff
2015-12-08T19:05:39 <colinclark> I know jessm also chatted yesterday with her about it
2015-12-08T19:05:56 <colinclark> there are so many interesting ideas for how we can combine some of our Floe deliverables
2015-12-08T19:06:03 <colinclark> starting to weave the components together
2015-12-08T19:06:15 <colinclark> I wonder if we should do some brainstorming as a team sometime this week or early next week
2015-12-08T19:06:32 <michelled> I think that\'s a good idea colinclark
2015-12-08T19:06:50 <colinclark> We\'ve got danayo\'s "self-reflection notebook" sketches
2015-12-08T19:07:03 <colinclark> and then I can imagine a dashboard might provide users with a way to access that
2015-12-08T19:07:05 <michelled> we need to get a good idea of where we are taking our authoring and sonification work so we can scope what we are aiming for for February
2015-12-08T19:07:13 <colinclark> makes sense
2015-12-08T19:07:22 <colinclark> along with some metrics presented using our charting/sonification components
2015-12-08T19:07:47 <colinclark> if we start to sketch what kinds of things are in the dashboard, it can inform which types of charts we move onto next
2015-12-08T19:08:02 <danayo> brainstorming sounds good to me colinclark michelled
2015-12-08T19:08:09 <colinclark> awesome!
2015-12-08T19:08:15 <colinclark> when works for everyone?
2015-12-08T19:08:23 <michelled> actually, this is great - it will also allow us to consider some of the components we will want for the QI dashboard
2015-12-08T19:08:36 <colinclark> oh yes!
2015-12-08T19:08:38 <colinclark> good point
2015-12-08T19:08:44 <colinclark> fascinating
2015-12-08T19:09:32 <michelled> colinclark: I think the old design crit time is still available
2015-12-08T19:09:41 <colinclark> this thursday?
2015-12-08T19:10:43 <michelled> it works for me
2015-12-08T19:10:47 <michelled> danayo?
'

