2020-10-20T11:15:07  <gtirloni> Justin_o: good morning, I've invited you to the cloud instance of confluence/JIRA.. feel free to look around. Atlassian will convert it to their open source license soon-ish (and the 10 users limit should be lifted). I also sent an email to fluid-work with some unfortunate details about custom domains
2020-10-20T11:15:36  <Justin_o> gtirloni: I was just reading that e-mail now. It is most unfortunate ;(
2020-10-20T11:15:50  <gtirloni> if we're thinking of moving to GitHub Issues.. this would be a good time, considering the breakage that both options will introduce
2020-10-20T11:15:54  <Justin_o> Thanks for getting started on the cloud instances too.
2020-10-20T11:16:04  <Justin_o> gtirloni: I was thinking the same thing
2020-10-20T11:16:26  <Justin_o> gtirloni: if we did end up sticking with JIRA in the cloud, do you know if the issue numbers would at least be the same?
2020-10-20T11:18:04  <gtirloni> Justin_o: I think so. the migration process (from server to cloud) is a full database/filesystem backup and an upload.. I was reading more about it and there were no warnings about issue numbers changing but I need to double check
2020-10-20T11:21:12  <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks.. if that is indeed the case at least the you'd be able to search for the issue number still.
2020-10-20T11:21:18  <gtirloni> yeah
2020-10-20T11:21:28  <Justin_o> gtirloni: I'm reading through the JIRA you linked to in the e-mail. https://jira.atlassian.com/browse/CLOUD-6999
2020-10-20T11:22:17  <Justin_o> so not surprising there are a bunch of unhappy comments there, especially with the forced migration. Atlassian has said they'd revisit the plan for the custom domains in January, so maybe there's a chance that we'd have that feature before we had to do the migration.
2020-10-20T11:23:09  <Justin_o> But it might also be a good idea to re-evaluate our needs/desires for issue tracking and take this time to see if we want to stick with JIRA at all or plan a full migration to something else.
2020-10-20T11:24:25  <gtirloni> I hope they re-evaluate too, there are lot of unhappy people right now. Also fully agree with re-evaluating JIRA or something else
2020-10-20T11:25:39  <gtirloni> in any case, if we migrate to something else, it'd still be good to have the migration to the cloud instance done just so we have an archive (unless migrating to something like, say, github issues, would retain all the info we need). keeping our server instance for archive purposes won't be doable after 2022 (without the security fixes)
2020-10-20T11:29:29  <Justin_o> gtirloni: I think it makes sense to still migrate to the cloud, as you say. I think there may be some information lost, although we could try to capture those in comments. Also there may be issues that we don't want to migrate or that don't have an active repo in GitHub to migrate them to. Being able to keep the whole breadth of history, even if read-only would be great.
2020-10-20T11:30:11  <Justin_o> gtirloni: for the cloud migration would it migrate user accounts, workflows, and etc?
2020-10-20T11:57:03  <gtirloni> Justin_o: user accounts and workflows, yes. what they explicitly mention that's not migrated is app data.. but I don't think we use any apps on top of jira/confluence. in any case, that needs to be migrated separately
2020-10-20T11:57:08  <gtirloni> (I was just scanning their docs)
2020-10-20T12:00:33  <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks for confirming that
2020-10-20T12:05:28  <Bosmon> Hi there the-t-in-rtf
2020-10-20T12:06:06  <Bosmon> So for fluid-grunt-lint-all - I think the things in progress were i) taking a branch of the 1.x line and then ii) cutting a first line 2.x release, which we can then lint infusion with and commit against
2020-10-20T12:06:08  <Bosmon> Is that right?
2020-10-20T12:08:00  <Justin_o> Bosmon: we also need the eslint-config-fluid  PR merged so that we can use the updated configuration.
2020-10-20T12:15:32  <greatislander> Justin_o bosmon the-t-in-rtf I've also just finished an initial shared config for Stylelint, which is currently here: https://github.com/greatislander/stylelint-config-fluid
2020-10-20T12:15:52  <Justin_o> Bosmon: an unrelated questions. For the onDestroy event, is that fired before any destructive actions have taken place? With some updates to the storytelling tool that gmoss is working on. We were looking at firing a model change, to trigger an upstream model relay, just before the component is destroyed. I think there were some errors with a relay not being available though.
2020-10-20T12:16:22  <greatislander> Justin_o, I think we'll want to: 1) Move it to the fluid-project organization and 2) publish it to NPM so I can add it as per https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-grunt-lint-all/pull/20#issuecomment-712681719
2020-10-20T12:16:47  <Justin_o> greatislander: great.. I was thinking about our linting PRs, we might need to combine those into a single PR if all these changes get into fluid-grunt-lint-all.
2020-10-20T12:17:03  <greatislander> I think to do that I first need to transfer the repository to you so you can move it into the fluid-project organization, is that right?
2020-10-20T12:17:11  <greatislander> Oh, you mean the PRs against infusion?
2020-10-20T12:17:12  <Justin_o> greatislander: is it all committed to master or you have a PR?
2020-10-20T12:17:24  <Justin_o> against master in your repo?
2020-10-20T12:17:26  <greatislander> it's a new repository, Justin_o
2020-10-20T12:17:36  <greatislander> so I didn't make a PR
2020-10-20T12:18:03  <Justin_o> greatislander: okay thank, maybe we can just transfer it in now and file new PRs if there are any updates needed. Does that seem okay with you?
2020-10-20T12:18:26  <Justin_o> and yes my initial comment was about the Infusion PRs for linting with the updated linting configs
2020-10-20T12:18:29  <greatislander> Yep, makes sense. One thing I need to expand is the README, so maybe once it's moved over I can open a PR with those changes
2020-10-20T12:18:38  <greatislander> yeah, makes sense that we would combine them
2020-10-20T12:18:59  <Bosmon> Yes, onDestroy is fired before anything is torn down
2020-10-20T12:19:04  <Justin_o> greatislander: if you want to do the README first and just transfer the repo to me when you're ready that's probably fine too
2020-10-20T12:19:14  <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmmm so the model relay should have worked then
2020-10-20T12:19:33  <Justin_o> which is what I was expecting. I guess we'll have to take a look at that error again
2020-10-20T12:19:59  <greatislander> justin_o I just requested the transfer
2020-10-20T12:20:12  <greatislander> so I'll let you move it into fluid-project and then pick up work on the readme
2020-10-20T12:21:38  <Bosmon> Justin_o - relays are not torn down until the last moment before afterDestroy
2020-10-20T12:23:07  <Justin_o> greatislander: https://github.com/fluid-project/stylelint-config-fluid
2020-10-20T12:23:13  <greatislander> thanks!
2020-10-20T12:23:41  <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for confirming that. might have been something else... will try to remember to check this with gmoss when he's online later
2020-10-20T12:35:40  <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon, the only open question I have is the timing of the shared stylelint config work.
2020-10-20T12:35:45  <the-t-in-rtf> @greatislander
2020-10-20T12:35:51  <the-t-in-rtf> made it sound like that might be close
2020-10-20T12:36:09  <the-t-in-rtf> if so I would prefer to merge at least his pull after that's available.
2020-10-20T12:36:13  <greatislander> the-t-in-rtf it is very close, just working on the readme
2020-10-20T12:36:18  <the-t-in-rtf> great.
2020-10-20T12:36:52  <the-t-in-rtf> I think we can probably manage a single 2.x release for both the CSS stuff and the updated ESLint.
2020-10-20T12:37:13  <the-t-in-rtf> I think we can probably manage a single 2.x release for both the CSS stuff and the updated ESLint.
2020-10-20T12:37:19  <the-t-in-rtf> darn history
2020-10-20T12:37:22  <the-t-in-rtf> ate a message!
2020-10-20T12:37:53  <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I was refreshing my memory about why it's a 2.x release of fluid-grunt-lint-all, it's because of the largish changes coming from ESLint?
2020-10-20T12:37:55  <greatislander> haha
2020-10-20T12:38:50  <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: I think so... makes we wonder if the eslint-config-fluid should also be a new major release too.
2020-10-20T12:39:05  <the-t-in-rtf> I could see doing a last 1.x including the CSS, but unless @greatislander or anyone using CSS has objections, I think it would be fine as a new feature in 2.x
2020-10-20T12:39:17  <the-t-in-rtf> I would argue so, yes.
2020-10-20T12:39:25  <greatislander> I think CSS/SCSS linting should be in 2..x
2020-10-20T12:39:29  <greatislander> *2.x
2020-10-20T12:39:42  <greatislander> It's not holding anything up to not have it
2020-10-20T12:39:45  <the-t-in-rtf> great
2020-10-20T12:43:47  <greatislander> justin_o the README is ready for review: https://github.com/fluid-project/stylelint-config-fluid/pull/2
2020-10-20T12:47:40  <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf and Bosmon: I bumped the version number in the eslint-config-fluid PR
2020-10-20T12:47:45  <Justin_o> greatislander: I'll take a look, thanks.
2020-10-20T13:02:21  <Justin_o> greatislander: I left a couple of comments on the PR
2020-10-20T13:04:35  <greatislander> thanks, Justin_o. addressed them in the latest commit.
2020-10-20T13:28:39  <Justin_o> greatislander: merged https://github.com/fluid-project/stylelint-config-fluid/pull/2
2020-10-20T13:28:44  <greatislander> great!
2020-10-20T13:29:03  <greatislander> can you give me some level of permissions that would let me create a 0.1.0 release, Justin_o?
2020-10-20T13:30:18  <Justin_o> greatislander: you might already have access to do that
2020-10-20T13:30:42  <greatislander> I do not
2020-10-20T13:30:52  <greatislander> I don't think this is in the "web" team Justin_o
2020-10-20T13:31:01  <greatislander> which is the one I'm in that gives me those privileges
2020-10-20T13:31:07  <Justin_o> greatislander: no it isn't but you already have access perms set probably from the transfer
2020-10-20T13:31:23  <greatislander> aha
2020-10-20T13:31:27  <greatislander> thanks
2020-10-20T13:31:47  <Justin_o> let me know if you have any issues
2020-10-20T13:38:55  <greatislander> all set
2020-10-20T13:42:31  <Justin_o> greatislander: did you release it to npm? we should make sure it's include in our npm org
2020-10-20T13:42:50  <greatislander> yep, let me know what I need to do to move it into our org
2020-10-20T13:45:59  <Justin_o> greatislander: I'll have to look that up.. been a while
2020-10-20T13:46:06  <greatislander> okay, sounds good
2020-10-20T13:49:07  <Justin_o> greatislander: https://docs.npmjs.com/transferring-a-package-from-a-user-account-to-an-org
2020-10-20T13:50:45  <greatislander> okay, so I assume I'd add you as a maintainer?
2020-10-20T13:51:38  <Justin_o> greatislander: I think so.. my npm user name is jobara
2020-10-20T13:51:42  <greatislander> okay
2020-10-20T13:51:58  <greatislander> invited jobara
2020-10-20T13:52:03  <greatislander> Justin_o :)
2020-10-20T13:53:56  <Justin_o> greatislander: thanks.. I think it's all setup now
2020-10-20T13:54:21  <greatislander> looks good!
2020-10-20T13:57:48  <clown> michelled, there is no meeting with my digging deeper group (so far), so my afternoon is wide open for a meeting with you and alan
2020-10-20T13:58:31  <clown> alan's not in irc, yet
2020-10-20T15:09:43  <clown> michelled, alanharnum,  the digging deeper group is proposing to meet at 1pm today, so I'm trying to keep that open.  I see a design crit and cisl meetings both at  3 - 4pm.  How does 4pm sound to you?
2020-10-20T15:12:23  <michelled> works for me - alanharnum?
2020-10-20T15:26:15  <greatislander> hey Justin_o, when are the lightning time slots again?
2020-10-20T15:26:21  <greatislander> *lightning talk
2020-10-20T15:26:34  <Justin_o> greatislander: I think we're just doing Thursdays after standup
2020-10-20T15:26:41  <greatislander> okay, great
2020-10-20T15:26:43  <Justin_o> nothing scheduled at the moment
2020-10-20T15:26:49  <Justin_o> that I know of
2020-10-20T15:26:58  <greatislander> doesn't look like it
2020-10-20T15:44:29  <colinclark> greatislander: Could you send your email about Matrix to the fluid-work mailing list?
2020-10-20T15:45:06  <colinclark> It seems to me that itâ€™s a question that is best thought through in our open source community, rather than just the IDRC mailing list
2020-10-20T15:45:38  <greatislander> oh of course
2020-10-20T15:45:48  <greatislander> I always get confused and assume everyone is "everyone"
2020-10-20T15:50:33  <colinclark> thanks
2020-10-20T15:50:44  <colinclark> and yes, it can be confusing
2020-10-20T16:51:29  <cindyli1> hi Bosmon, regarding the script that automatically pulls in the new ODS dataset, creates a branch and sends a pull request to the covid data repo. i'm having a problem of which account should be used to create this branch. i created a new personal account https://github.com/wecountproject/ using wecount.info@gmail.com. this personal account also owns the organization account https://github.com/we-count-project/
2020-10-20T16:52:07  <cindyli1> my original thought was to create new branches on behalf of the personal account, so i forked the data repo into it: https://github.com/wecountproject/covid-assessment-centres
2020-10-20T16:54:15  <cindyli1> however, in order to gain the push permission to this account, i will have to add my public ssh key to it, which doesn't make sense because our goal is to have this script run independently in the future to perform this auto update task
2020-10-20T16:57:13  <cindyli1> this leads to a question of how to set up the push access for our future batch job to create branches in https://github.com/wecountproject/covid-assessment-centres
2020-10-20T16:58:51  <cindyli1> github graphQL API provides a mutation for creating pull requests using a personal access token, but it doesn't have a mutation for creating remote branches, which still need to be set up locally and pushed up
2020-10-20T17:04:56  <gtirloni> cindyli1: is this process running from github actions? you could store a token as a secret and use an action to push to the repository (e.g. https://github.com/marketplace/actions/github-push)
2020-10-20T17:09:27  <cindyli1> gtirloni: this script eventually needs to be scheduled as a batch job, such as being run every 10 minutes. github actions don't seem to be able to run batch scripts
2020-10-20T17:18:10  *** cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2020-10-20T17:20:30  <gtirloni> cindyli: the workflows can run based on a cron schedule -- https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/reference/events-that-trigger-workflows#schedule
2020-10-20T17:21:50  <gtirloni> I'm not familiar with the project so it's just a suggestion
2020-10-20T17:22:34  *** clown is now known as clown_mtgh
2020-10-20T17:22:42  *** clown_mtgh is now known as clown_mtg
2020-10-20T17:23:34  <cindyli> great suggestionk, thanks, gtirloni. i'm looking into the possibility of using github actions. I'm not familiar with github actions too. ;)
2020-10-20T17:24:06  <gtirloni> :)
2020-10-20T17:32:05  <gmoss> Justin_o: are you still good to meet and talk through SJRK-20 estimates?
2020-10-20T17:32:28  <Justin_o> gmoss: sure
2020-10-20T17:33:02  <Justin_o> gmoss: standup room?
2020-10-20T17:33:17  <gmoss> Justin_o: sure, brt. I was trying to find you in Zoom to call directly haha
2020-10-20T17:33:19  <gmoss> standup work
2020-10-20T17:33:20  <gmoss> s
2020-10-20T17:33:29  <Justin_o> ah
2020-10-20T18:48:20  *** sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2020-10-20T19:03:31  <sgithens> Is there a passcode for this crit?
2020-10-20T19:03:47  <Justin_o> sgithens: https://ocadu.zoom.us/j/727986784?pwd=dFp2a1dybkEyUHFSa0NyOU4wVk94Zz09
2020-10-20T19:04:11  <sgithens> thanks!
2020-10-20T19:47:37  *** clown_mtg is now known as clown
2020-10-20T20:51:25  <Bosmon> cindyli, gtirloni - github actions seems like a clear win, yes
2020-10-20T20:51:32  <Bosmon> I'm not sure how else we were planning to run the script
2020-10-20T20:53:16  <cindyli> Bosmon: i was thinking this script could run on any server independently, such as by starting a docker container with it
2020-10-20T20:54:21  <cindyli> Bosmon: the pull request for this work: https://github.com/inclusive-design/covid-assessment-centres/pull/7
2020-10-20T20:54:30  <cindyli> i will start to add linting and doc
2020-10-20T20:56:29  <cindyli> i mentioned another problem in the PR description: how shall we handle the user data coming from the map interface. i think the plan is to send pull requests for these data. but if we cannot create remote branches with these data, sending PRs is impossible
