b'2016-08-09T18:05:10 <danayo> :)
2016-08-09T18:05:11 <colinclark> but thursday works
2016-08-09T18:05:18 <danayo> sepidehshahi ^ are we meeting on Thursday?
2016-08-09T18:06:37 <sepidehshahi> colinclark: and danayo the meeting is on Thursday. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know why it shows up on the calendar for today
2016-08-09T18:07:23 <colinclark> ok, great
2016-08-09T18:08:42 <sepidehshahi> I just removed it from the calendar. Sorry about the confusion:)
2016-08-09T18:18:08 <danayo> colinclark: the more I think about this, I realise that there will likely be 2 aspects of feedback at the AJC - feedback from the user\xe2\x80\x99s direct experience of the GPII system/interface/tool, as well as their use of the not-dashboard to assess what prefs work for them - and from evaluating their experience of the latter we should be able to derive further feedback about whether the GPII system is working for them - does that sound rig
2016-08-09T18:18:57 <colinclark> yes, precisely
2016-08-09T18:19:01 <colinclark> that\'s exactly right
2016-08-09T18:19:39 <danayo> ah good, I love being exactly right :)
2016-08-09T18:19:48 <colinclark> hahaha
2016-08-09T18:32:37 * clown joined the channel
2016-08-09T18:39:22 * kavyak_ joined the channel
2016-08-09T18:48:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-09T19:07:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-09T19:08:11 <gtirloni> just a heads up i\'m checking an issue in the guide\'s website. you may get an error accessing it right now.
2016-08-09T19:16:12 <Jess_> jhung: re: mobile UIO, can you give me an update? i see the wiki page here https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Mobile+UI+Options+GSoC+2016+Updates
2016-08-09T19:16:53 <Jess_> danayo: ^
2016-08-09T19:17:50 <danayo> Jess_: these are the most recent mockups https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28Floe%29+User+Interface+%28Learner%29+Options+Mobile+and+Responsive+Design
2016-08-09T19:18:23 <danayo> I know that Justin_o was hoping to start work on implementation, and that\xe2\x80\x99s why we were going to discuss at the next crit
2016-08-09T19:18:42 <Jess_> danayo: thanks danayo !
2016-08-09T19:23:01 <jhung> Jess_: the work my GSOC student is separate from the actualy UIO mobile work we\'d do at the IDRC. I don\'t think there\'s going to be much carried over from that.
2016-08-09T19:23:13 <Jess_> jhung: ok, good to know
2016-08-09T19:26:44 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-08-09T19:28:40 <gtirloni> guide.inclusivedesign.ca is back, https enabled now. jhung no need to update the links as they will automatically redirect from http to https
2016-08-09T19:29:11 <jhung> awesome thanks gtirloni.
2016-08-09T19:30:48 <Jess_> sepidehshahi: i\xe2\x80\x99m puttign links to the sharejs demos of the \xe2\x80\x9cdashboard\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\x94 will those links persist?
2016-08-09T19:30:56 <Jess_> sorry putting them in the Floe report chart
2016-08-09T19:31:32 <sepidehshahi> Yes, they persist Jess_ the lastest links are on the wiki page
2016-08-09T19:32:05 <sepidehshahi> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28Floe%29+Self-Assessment+Learning+Toolkit+Design
2016-08-09T19:32:33 <Jess_> awesome \xe2\x80\x94 that\xe2\x80\x99s where i got them from :)
2016-08-09T19:38:56 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-08-09T20:00:37 <danayo> sepidehshahi: I started putting examples for design principles in this doc https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gQmoHi2xKjNgoGndHt07USLfmTmk5gnG7bbXBXDg19Q/edit?usp=sharing
2016-08-09T20:01:16 <sepidehshahi> great danayo, I\xe2\x80\x99ll add mine there today
2016-08-09T20:01:21 <danayo> perfect
2016-08-09T20:02:26 <danayo> jhung: any chance we can get those guide changes merged before tomorrow\xe2\x80\x99s community meeting?
2016-08-09T20:09:28 <jhung> danayo, alanharnum, sepidehshahi - I\'m just catching up on the IRC log. It seems my question spun out quite the discussion. :) Did I read it correctly that we\'ll keep the name "MyL3" or "My Lifelong Learning Lab"?
2016-08-09T20:10:02 * clown joined the channel
2016-08-09T20:13:56 <sepidehshahi> I think based on what danayo suggested the bigger project will be called Self-Assessment (That\xe2\x80\x99s the page Alan has put together on the wiki and is currently called MyL3). And then each sub project will have its own name. So MyL3 will be one of the sub projects.
2016-08-09T20:14:01 <sepidehshahi> jhung: ^
2016-08-09T20:17:07 <jhung> ok Thanks sepidehshahi.
2016-08-09T20:17:14 <sepidehshahi> np:)
2016-08-09T20:21:38 * gtirloni has quit
2016-08-09T20:28:34 <sepidehshahi> danayo: could you please give me access to edit the document
2016-08-09T20:28:46 <danayo> argh, sorry sepidehshahi
2016-08-09T20:28:54 <sepidehshahi> no worries:)
2016-08-09T20:29:01 <danayo> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1gQmoHi2xKjNgoGndHt07USLfmTmk5gnG7bbXBXDg19Q/edit?usp=sharing
2016-08-09T20:30:46 <jhung> danayo: I\'ll get to it today I hope.
2016-08-09T20:31:00 <danayo> thanks jhung
2016-08-09T20:37:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-09T20:51:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-09T20:57:44 <jhung> danayo: for the sake of expediency, I\'m going to make corrections directly to your code. I\'ll send you my changes in the form of a pull request to your repo. I\'ll probably get this to you tomorrow morning.
2016-08-09T20:58:19 <danayo> ok, thanks jhung
2016-08-09T21:03:46 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-08-09T21:19:21 <jhung> danayo: I sent you a pull request. I did some minor markup fixes and renamed a few files so they don\'t throw errors in docpad.
2016-08-09T21:19:51 <jhung> danayo: take a look and merge it if you\'re okay with it. https://github.com/dayotte/docs-guidelines/pull/1
2016-08-09T21:22:51 <jhung> I\'m heading offline danayo. I\'ll catch up with you tomorrow morning.
2016-08-09T21:59:57 * danayo has quit
2016-08-09T22:02:27 * simonjb has quit
2016-08-09T22:24:59 * amatas has quit
2016-08-09T22:40:41 * Justin_o has quit
2016-08-09T23:03:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-09T23:08:06 * alanharnum has quit
'

b'2016-08-09T01:45:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-09T02:18:42 * colinclark has quit
2016-08-09T06:00:25 * amatas joined the channel
2016-08-09T11:04:16 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-08-09T12:20:29 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-08-09T12:25:48 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-08-09T12:44:07 * michelled joined the channel
2016-08-09T12:48:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-08-09T12:50:06 * jhung joined the channel
2016-08-09T13:00:37 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-08-09T13:15:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-09T13:34:11 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-08-09T13:48:03 <jhung> fluid-everyone: we\'ll be meeting for the design crit in about 10 minutes.
2016-08-09T13:56:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-08-09T14:05:16 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-08-09T14:09:30 * simonjb has quit
2016-08-09T14:19:17 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-08-09T14:21:00 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-08-09T14:36:21 * clown joined the channel
2016-08-09T15:05:51 * danayo joined the channel
2016-08-09T15:12:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-09T15:12:43 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-08-09T15:13:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-08-09T15:14:23 <jhung> Jess_: Do you think we can get permission to use the photo of the bathroom buttons for future presentations? I think it\'s a great example of universal design / inclusive design differences, and how legislation and following specs can yield something unintended.
2016-08-09T15:14:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-08-09T15:14:48 <Jess_> jhung: good question. i\xe2\x80\x99m going to let her know that i\xe2\x80\x99ve presented this to everyone so i\xe2\x80\x99ll ask
2016-08-09T15:14:51 <Jess_> and let you know
2016-08-09T15:15:16 <jhung> great thanks.
2016-08-09T15:17:29 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-08-09T15:18:41 <Jess_> sepidehshahi: sent you an edited draft of 404.2 \xe2\x80\x94 lemme know if/when you want to go through it
2016-08-09T15:19:19 <Jess_> sepidehshahi: oh wait! need to send you another version \xe2\x80\x94 please delete the one you have
2016-08-09T15:19:19 <sepidehshahi> Thanks Jess_ I\xe2\x80\x99m available any time after the standup.
2016-08-09T15:19:39 <danayo> jhung: i pushed some changes last night to the guide repo - based on your feedback as well as typos and other issues that Tim and Godfrey found
2016-08-09T15:19:40 <Jess_> sepidehshahi: i forgot to save before sending so i don\xe2\x80\x99t know if everything is there
2016-08-09T15:20:15 <sepidehshahi> do you want to resend the doc Jess_ ?
2016-08-09T15:20:21 <Jess_> sepidehshahi: just did
2016-08-09T15:20:26 <sepidehshahi> great thanks
2016-08-09T15:20:47 <Jess_> sepidehshahi: after standup works for me too
2016-08-09T15:20:56 <sepidehshahi> great!
2016-08-09T15:22:38 <danayo> Jess_ and everyone: I found this project at Royal College of Art - which has a downloadable \xe2\x80\x9cDesign for Dementia\xe2\x80\x9d doc http://www.rca.ac.uk/research-innovation/helen-hamlyn-centre/research-projects/2010-projects/design-dementia/
2016-08-09T15:22:48 <danayo> but still can\xe2\x80\x99t find the other one I mentioned
2016-08-09T15:23:07 <Jess_> alanharnum: so, JTs email just now\xe2\x80\xa6 re: screenreaders and Vidyo\xe2\x80\xa6 that was indeed one of the many criteria \xe2\x80\x94 where a system didn\xe2\x80\x99t do it we favoured an open API to develop something\xe2\x80\xa6 that\xe2\x80\x99s where webRTC came in
2016-08-09T15:23:36 <alanharnum> Jess_: yeah, I was wondering about that
2016-08-09T15:24:05 <alanharnum> i seem to recall we sent them a list at some point about issues with the interface for screen readers? or am i misremembering that?
2016-08-09T15:24:57 <Jess_> alanharnum: lliskovoi: we talked to them and sent them lists. we didn\xe2\x80\x99t really get on their roadmap as far as I can tell. I will ping our folks at ETGroup again to put pressure on them. lliskovoi the new web client that came out \xe2\x80\x94 did you take any look to see if it improved things?
2016-08-09T15:26:05 <lliskovoi> Jess_, alanharnum, I believe the is up to date, but I\'m happy to take another look if you\'d like. I can also present the issues I found at a community meeting if there is interest
2016-08-09T15:26:18 <lliskovoi> *the list
2016-08-09T15:27:14 <jhung> danayo: ok. thanks! I\'ll take a look at that.
2016-08-09T15:27:19 <danayo> great
2016-08-09T15:28:05 <Jess_> alanharnum: there is a bit of urgency for fall because a student in the Master\xe2\x80\x99s program uses a screen reader
2016-08-09T15:28:43 <Jess_> michelled: this will obviously require time/resources ^ i wonder if we can also fold it into some Floe deliverables...
2016-08-09T15:29:44 <michelled> Jess_: the fall is practically here and we have a lot of other things we are doing
2016-08-09T15:29:45 <colinclark> Let\'s get some ideas for an approach together before we decide where it best fits in regards to roadmaps
2016-08-09T15:30:00 <colinclark> I\'d like to talk to Jutta about potential contracting options for it
2016-08-09T15:30:10 <michelled> oh, that would be great
2016-08-09T15:30:19 <colinclark> but I think the thing to do first is to spend some more time looking at where we\'re at and what we think the gaps are
2016-08-09T15:30:32 <colinclark> I\'m actually as much interested in the native client as I am in the web client, given the nature of platform AT APIs
2016-08-09T15:31:30 <colinclark> lliskovoi, perhaps we can chat a bit about ideas you have for the best approach, given your schedule, for looking at where Vidyo is at, accessibiliity-wise, and identifying some gaps?
2016-08-09T15:31:33 <colinclark> since you\'re the expert :)
2016-08-09T15:32:07 <lliskovoi> haha sure thing colinclark!
2016-08-09T15:32:30 <Jess_> colinclark: michelled: JT just said \xe2\x80\x9clet\xe2\x80\x99s contract Edgar and Steve Reaume to do it\xe2\x80\x9d
2016-08-09T15:32:39 <michelled> :)
2016-08-09T15:32:42 <colinclark> Yes, that\'s what I was going to suggest
2016-08-09T15:33:27 <Jess_> well, let me know if you need my help at all
2016-08-09T15:33:39 <colinclark> great, yes
2016-08-09T15:34:01 <colinclark> To start, Jess_ and lliskovoi, what kind of testing have we done with the Vidyo clients, which ones, and are the results listed anywhere?
2016-08-09T15:35:23 <lliskovoi> colinclark, I summarized the issues in a document, one for Mac and one for PC, with test results for desktop as well as web (Chrome, IE, Safari and Firefox). I can share the documents with you.
2016-08-09T15:35:48 <lliskovoi> or we can meet and I can run you through them
2016-08-09T15:36:00 <colinclark> oh awesome!
2016-08-09T15:36:28 <colinclark> yeah, let\'s make a little working group to chat about it, and anyone who\'s interested can attend
2016-08-09T15:36:36 <Jess_> lliskovoi: i believe gtirloni did an upgrade of both client and webclient since that report
2016-08-09T15:36:37 <lliskovoi> sounds great
2016-08-09T15:36:54 <Jess_> but i could be wrong
2016-08-09T15:37:28 <colinclark> Looks like I\'m free after 3 pm today or tomorrow 4-5 pm or Thursday after 3 pm, lliskovoi
2016-08-09T15:37:31 <colinclark> do any of those times work for you?
2016-08-09T15:37:36 <lliskovoi> Jess_, oh great, I can have another look today and update the issues
2016-08-09T15:38:12 <lliskovoi> let\'s do tomorrow 4-5, that\'ll give me some time to have a look at the upgraded versions
2016-08-09T15:38:25 <colinclark> Jess_: Just to make sure, we\'re not under any NDA or anything with Vidyo about thist stuff, right?
2016-08-09T15:38:41 <colinclark> since we use released, mainstream versions of the clients
2016-08-09T15:39:29 <Jess_> colinclark: i do not believe so. i will re-read the contract and get in touch with my dude at ET Group
2016-08-09T15:39:42 <colinclark> I bet it\'s fine, just wanted to double check
2016-08-09T15:39:57 <colinclark> I think it makes sense to be proactive, given that it\'s summer vacation time...
2016-08-09T15:40:16 <colinclark> Do you want to reach out to ET Group and see if they can schedule a call with an appropriate contact at Vidyo to discuss accessibility with us?
2016-08-09T15:40:59 <colinclark> just to confirm if our impressions are consistent with theirs, and to learn about any plans on their roadmap?
2016-08-09T15:41:36 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-08-09T15:44:04 <Jess_> colinclark: sure. it\xe2\x80\x99s worth kicking up again.
2016-08-09T15:44:32 <colinclark> What was your impression the last time you talked to them?
2016-08-09T15:44:43 <colinclark> about accessibility
2016-08-09T15:46:28 <Jess_> colinclark: we\xe2\x80\x99ve had two convos directly with Vidyo facilitated by ET Group. The first had a sr. manager type taking notes and assuring us he\xe2\x80\x99d get some of it on the roadmap (notes on paper with a pen!). nothing came directly from that. The second involved a sr. developer/manager who bounced almost all of what we asked about off of his roadmap, so there wasn\xe2\x80\x99t a lot of uptake. we dont have a ton of leverage because our population is sm
2016-08-09T15:46:29 <Jess_> \xe2\x80\x94 the online health network that is using Vidyo is huge, so it\xe2\x80\x99d be nice to leverage a contact there. JT was going to get me in touch with someone and didn\xe2\x80\x99t. I will pursue that again too
2016-08-09T15:46:55 <colinclark> interesting
2016-08-09T15:50:35 <colinclark> lliskovoi: 4-5 pm tomorrow sounds great. I\'ll put it in the fluid team calendar.
2016-08-09T15:51:34 <lliskovoi> thanks colinclark
2016-08-09T15:51:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-08-09T16:02:22 * danayo joined the channel
2016-08-09T16:19:04 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-08-09T16:34:48 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-08-09T16:39:02 * clown joined the channel
2016-08-09T16:39:07 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-08-09T16:59:10 <jhung> michelled: So we\'re calling "MyL3" "The Lifelong Learning Lab" now, right? Should we update the wiki page to match?
2016-08-09T17:13:54 <michelled> probably? but I feel it might be the call of people that use that page - danayo, sepidehshahi, alanharnum\t
2016-08-09T17:21:11 <sepidehshahi> I think we will definitely call the larger project (the parent) MyL3. However, there are some sub-projects (the children) like the Floe learning tool kit, Floe Self Assessment or the APCP dashboard. We can also call them MyL3 or they can have their own names. What do you think danayo, alanharnum?
2016-08-09T17:21:58 <alanharnum> i think it\'s OK for sub-projects to have their own names
2016-08-09T17:22:10 <alanharnum> at least, it makes sense for me
2016-08-09T17:22:35 <alanharnum> My3L = the larger initiative around self-tracking, lifelong learning, etc.
2016-08-09T17:22:46 <colinclark> if anything, I think it\'s probably really important for different subprojects or "implementations" of the overall approach to have their own names\xe2\x80\x94as alanharnum says
2016-08-09T17:23:13 <alanharnum> the child projects are concrete examples of using My3L components to build specific self-assessment tools
2016-08-09T17:24:19 <colinclark> yes, exactly
2016-08-09T17:24:28 <colinclark> For example, it\'s maybe a bit confusing in the context of APCP metrics and self-evaluation to have it be called a "learning lab," yet we will of course make use of the design and technical building-blocks of the My3L tools when designing it
2016-08-09T17:30:54 <danayo> colinclark, sepidehshahi, michelled, alanharnum - I agree that it makes sense for the child projects to have their own appropriate names, I we\xe2\x80\x99ll want to avoid the label \xe2\x80\x9cdashboard\xe2\x80\x9d altogether though, and I\xe2\x80\x99m also not entirely confident that we want to call the umbrella \xe2\x80\x9cMyL3\xe2\x80\x9d
2016-08-09T17:31:25 <danayo> what I mean is maybe MyL3 is the name of one of the children
2016-08-09T17:31:38 <danayo> and the umbrella name has more to do with \xe2\x80\x9cself-assessment\xe2\x80\x9d?
2016-08-09T17:31:41 <colinclark> yes, I think that\'s a reasonable point, danayo
2016-08-09T17:32:15 <sepidehshahi> I agree danayo
2016-08-09T17:32:51 <danayo> cool. perhaps it\xe2\x80\x99s a family of \xe2\x80\x9cself-assessment tools\xe2\x80\x9d \xe2\x80\xa6 or ?
2016-08-09T17:33:54 <danayo> colinclark, sepidehshahi ^
2016-08-09T17:35:02 <colinclark> Yes
2016-08-09T17:35:08 <colinclark> I wonder about the term "assessment"
2016-08-09T17:35:16 <colinclark> but I don\'t have a good alternative
2016-08-09T17:39:21 <danayo> I agree colinclark
2016-08-09T17:42:05 <colinclark> I mean, when you\'re using this, say, at an American Job Centre, you\'re not so much self-assessing but perhaps participating in usability testing in a new way
2016-08-09T17:42:14 <colinclark> which I guess you could say was a form of assessment
2016-08-09T17:42:21 <colinclark> but less so "self"
2016-08-09T17:45:51 <danayo> could you say more about what you mean by usability testing at the AJCs colinclark?
2016-08-09T17:46:15 <colinclark> Well, we\'re going to do a series of evolving pilots at the AJCs
2016-08-09T17:46:33 <colinclark> starting small, with some particular functionality and a lot of conversation, intervention, etc.
2016-08-09T17:46:44 <colinclark> So I think we\'ll probably focus on making the computer "easier to read"
2016-08-09T17:46:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-08-09T17:46:53 <colinclark> the AJCs have a lot of clients who have difficult reading
2016-08-09T17:47:02 <colinclark> due to low literacy or learning disabilities or otherwise
2016-08-09T17:47:21 <colinclark> Simple tools like the Readability browser extension or Click to Speak are very useful
2016-08-09T17:47:40 <colinclark> also more advanced tools like Read & Write Gold, Kurzweil 3000, etc.
2016-08-09T17:48:36 <colinclark> Anyway, the metrics part plays into these pilots as a way of gathering data about the GPII\'s impact on individuals
2016-08-09T17:48:53 <colinclark> we need to show that people who go to AJCs are having a better experience because of it
2016-08-09T17:49:13 <colinclark> and part of what we\'ve tried to do is make sure it\'s not just a traditional usability evaluation, late in the game
2016-08-09T17:49:29 <colinclark> of the sort you\'re familiar with on related GPII usability efforts ;)
2016-08-09T17:50:09 <colinclark> And part of what the Thing-Not-Known-As-The-Dashboard provides is a way for individuals themselves to see and track and reflect on the impact the GPII has had on them and their goals and experience
2016-08-09T17:50:35 <danayo> right colinclark - so they\xe2\x80\x99re still engaging in self-assessment, no?
2016-08-09T17:50:48 <colinclark> a sort of sel-assesment, definitely
2016-08-09T17:50:51 <colinclark> self
2016-08-09T17:50:56 <danayo> yes!
2016-08-09T17:51:01 <colinclark> but in a way, they\'re also assessing the system
2016-08-09T17:51:04 <danayo> right
2016-08-09T17:51:08 <colinclark> it\'s like that classic thing of usability testing
2016-08-09T17:51:13 <colinclark> "it\'s the system we\'re testing, not you"
2016-08-09T17:52:34 <danayo> right, so we\xe2\x80\x99re testing the system, but that system is intended to provide a means of self-assessment, right? in other words - the \xe2\x80\x9cuser-facing\xe2\x80\x9d experience is one, or \xe2\x80\x9cshould\xe2\x80\x9d be one of self-assessment?
2016-08-09T17:52:52 <colinclark> yes, I guess that\'s right
2016-08-09T18:03:07 <colinclark> are we meeting now to talk about updating our inclusive design resources?
2016-08-09T18:04:08 <danayo> I thought that was on Thursday colinclark - but I see it in the calendar on both days
2016-08-09T18:05:04 <colinclark> i\'m so confused :)
'

