b"2016-07-13T20:03:50 <danayo> ok jhung
2016-07-13T20:03:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T20:09:12 <jhung> danayo: FYI, the list icons will look fine for the default theme, but will not look right for contrast modes. I've made a fix in my repo and pushed it up.
2016-07-13T20:12:22 <danayo> when you say find jhung, do you mean regular-sized? i'm still seeing them really large
2016-07-13T20:12:34 <danayo> or do you just mean the colour
2016-07-13T20:13:42 <danayo> *fine
2016-07-13T20:14:23 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-13T20:14:28 * michelled1 has quit
2016-07-13T20:14:44 <jhung> just the colours danayo. The colours weren't changes wiuth contrast modes. I've fixed that and pushed a fix. The size should fix itself once you use put those spans into the lists.
2016-07-13T20:15:28 <danayo> got it jhung, thanks
2016-07-13T20:15:58 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-13T20:16:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-13T20:16:37 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-13T20:18:09 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-13T20:19:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T20:19:50 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-07-13T20:28:00 * jessm has quit
2016-07-13T20:35:25 <jhung> danayo: I'm heading offline. I'll fix the sonification entry in the ILDH tomorrow.
2016-07-13T20:35:45 <danayo> ok jhung, yeah, those were just very minor changes
2016-07-13T20:35:51 <jhung> k.
2016-07-13T20:41:52 * michelled has quit
2016-07-13T20:54:11 <danayo> sepidehshahi: i'm planning to take tomorrow off so i'll miss the dashboard meeting - is there anything we should check in about? i can update the wiki page further with images etc early next week
2016-07-13T20:56:10 <sepidehshahi> no worries danayo, I think we are in really good shape. I\xe2\x80\x99ll add the link to the June 10th prototype to the wiki by end of this week. and I\xe2\x80\x99ll try to create two decks of the main frames for each use case and also add them to the wiki page. Maybe on Monday we could all meet and go through the content we want to share with TJ.
2016-07-13T20:56:26 <danayo> that sounds great sepidehshahi
2016-07-13T20:56:48 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-13T20:56:59 <sepidehshahi> thanks for creating the page danayo it makes organizing our content much easier
2016-07-13T20:57:27 <danayo> np
2016-07-13T21:05:55 * clown has quit
2016-07-13T21:07:45 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-13T21:10:42 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-13T21:37:02 * simonjb has quit
2016-07-13T21:44:53 * michelled has quit
2016-07-13T22:01:43 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-07-13T22:01:54 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-07-13T22:04:07 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-13T22:05:11 * amatas has quit
2016-07-13T22:40:23 * Justin_o has quit
2016-07-13T22:42:12 * gtirloni has quit
2016-07-13T23:31:27 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-13T23:46:52 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-13T23:59:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
"

b'2016-07-13T06:52:43 * amatas joined the channel
2016-07-13T12:11:39 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-07-13T12:27:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-07-13T12:32:58 * Bosmon joined the channel
2016-07-13T12:52:16 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-07-13T12:57:43 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-07-13T12:57:59 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-07-13T13:10:09 * jhung1 has quit
2016-07-13T13:22:58 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T13:31:18 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-13T13:35:03 * Bosmon has quit
2016-07-13T13:47:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-13T13:55:01 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-13T14:05:28 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-13T14:07:04 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-13T14:07:27 <alanharnum> sepidehshahi: is the latest design for the learning dashboard the one embodied in the framerjs mockups?
2016-07-13T14:07:56 <sepidehshahi> that\xe2\x80\x99s right alanharnum
2016-07-13T14:08:12 <alanharnum> great thanks - just want to make sure i\'m looking at the right stuff
2016-07-13T14:08:12 <sepidehshahi> can you access the prototype?
2016-07-13T14:08:24 <alanharnum> is it the one at http://share.framerjs.com/0rcmbpxzv8yn/?
2016-07-13T14:10:08 <sepidehshahi> simonjb: are you able to join the meeting?
2016-07-13T14:10:20 <sepidehshahi> should we continue later?
2016-07-13T14:12:03 * simonjb has quit
2016-07-13T14:17:34 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-13T14:17:41 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-13T14:17:53 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-13T14:21:58 <danayo> alanharnum, sepidehshahi I\'ve linked the latest dashboard prototype from this wiki page https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/(Floe)+Self-Assessment+Learning+Toolkit+Design
2016-07-13T14:23:19 <sepidehshahi> alanharnum: please let me know if you can\xe2\x80\x99t open the prototype. All the required interactions are included in the prototype.
2016-07-13T14:23:33 <alanharnum> sepidehshahi: opens fine for me, thanks
2016-07-13T14:23:43 <sepidehshahi> great!
2016-07-13T14:38:07 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-07-13T14:43:17 * Jess_ and Tucker incoming!
2016-07-13T14:43:39 * Jess_ has quit
2016-07-13T14:50:37 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-13T15:43:06 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-07-13T15:45:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T15:46:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-13T16:04:15 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-07-13T16:08:03 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-13T16:08:03 * lliskovoi_ is now known as lliskovoi
2016-07-13T16:08:09 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-07-13T16:19:41 * jessm joined the channel
2016-07-13T16:20:16 <jessm> sepidehshahi: in light of our convo yesterday about gaps in P4A \xe2\x80\x98connections\xe2\x80\x99, i quite like what Jim put into his email to the community list
2016-07-13T16:21:04 <jessm> it\xe2\x80\x99s not about connecting all 7 billion people, it\xe2\x80\x99s about a) making interfaces that don\xe2\x80\x99t exclude some of the 7 billion and b) technology that makes the \xe2\x80\x9cconnection-exploration\xe2\x80\x9d more possible
2016-07-13T16:21:41 <jessm> it\xe2\x80\x99s designing a diversity-connection-maker
2016-07-13T16:40:30 <sepidehshahi> jessm: I could just finished reading the thread, and the who discussion about connections and particularly Jim\xe2\x80\x99s final email is very inetersting and relevant to what we were talking about yesterday.
2016-07-13T16:40:55 <jessm> yes, exactly!
2016-07-13T16:42:15 <sepidehshahi> as he mentions we have to emphasize the human agency in creating these connections and P4A is an enabler as you put it it is a diversity-connection-maker run by people and based on who/what they want to connect to
2016-07-13T16:42:21 <sepidehshahi> very inetersting!
2016-07-13T16:54:48 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-13T17:09:32 <danayo> jessm: Justin_o, jhung1 and I were wondering about what should be in the footer of the Inclusive Design Guide site - right now it says "Created by the Fluid Project, a project of the Inclusive Design Research Centre at OCAD University."
2016-07-13T17:09:48 <danayo> do you think it should include reference to the Fluid project?
2016-07-13T17:10:01 <jessm> oh this is a good question
2016-07-13T17:10:02 <danayo> or maybe just say "created by the IDRC at OCADU"?
2016-07-13T17:10:22 <jessm> danayo: yeah, maybe just IDRC@OCAD
2016-07-13T17:11:07 <danayo> ok jessm  - we were also wondering about the logo in the header - right now we have the IDRC logo (the stylized idi in a box) - I guess we\'ll keep that, then?
2016-07-13T17:13:21 <jessm> i think that makes sense
2016-07-13T17:13:31 <jessm> so, just to think through it out-loud danayo
2016-07-13T17:14:40 <jhung1> jessm: fyi this is what it looks like currently: https://jhung.github.io/guide.inclusivedesign.ca/
2016-07-13T17:14:51 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2016-07-13T17:15:49 <danayo> thanks jh
2016-07-13T17:15:51 <danayo> jhung
2016-07-13T17:16:12 <jessm> the cards were created in delivery of part of a deliverable for P4A; they were made up of ideas that the Fluid community and larger IDI community have been working on and thinking about for years; they are fundamentally an open, common resource for anyone to use. did i miss anything?
2016-07-13T17:17:05 <jessm> what if we put Created by the community members of the Inclusive Design Research Centre at OCAD University
2016-07-13T17:17:12 <jessm> or somethign like that? danayo jhung ?
2016-07-13T17:18:43 <danayo> that sounds good jessm. one thing I would add - is that they were also created as a part of Floe, right? as an OER in themselves and a way into the ILDH
2016-07-13T17:19:03 <danayo> at least that \'s how were thinking about them in the beginning https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Inclusive+Design+Guidelines
2016-07-13T17:19:30 <jessm> duh
2016-07-13T17:19:40 <jessm> danayo: of course! <hand-slaps-head>
2016-07-13T17:19:47 <danayo> :)
2016-07-13T17:20:17 <jessm> danayo: what do you think about putting a little bit of that \xe2\x80\x9cbirth story\xe2\x80\x9d onto the wiki page for the guides?
2016-07-13T17:20:58 <danayo> you mean include in on the Guide site itself?
2016-07-13T17:21:31 <danayo> i.e. put some of the wiki content onto the static site?
2016-07-13T17:21:51 <danayo> jessm ^
2016-07-13T17:23:14 <jessm> danayo: naw, i mean put the birth story into the wiki for now \xe2\x80\x94 hadn\xe2\x80\x99t thought of whether it should go with the guides
2016-07-13T17:23:21 <jessm> they look so snazzy
2016-07-13T17:23:58 <danayo> ah ok, it\'s on the wiki now - do you mean something different than this? https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Inclusive+Design+Guidelines
2016-07-13T17:24:10 <danayo> under "Goal"
2016-07-13T17:24:44 * michelled has quit
2016-07-13T17:24:45 <jessm> maybe even in teh footer we can put a link to the wiki page \xe2\x80\x94 a small one \xe2\x80\x94 maybe on \xe2\x80\x9ccommunity members\xe2\x80\x9d in the text above?
2016-07-13T17:25:03 <jessm> danayo: i guess i was just imaginging something more like what we wrote above
2016-07-13T17:25:52 <jessm> the cards were created in delivery of part of a deliverable for P4A; they were made up of ideas that the Fluid community and larger IDI community have been working on and thinking about for years; they are fundamentally an open, common learning resource for anyone to use; and they are made available to a diversity of learners through techniques created in the Floe project
2016-07-13T17:25:58 <jessm> somethign like that ^
2016-07-13T17:26:05 <danayo> yess jessm, i like that
2016-07-13T17:26:15 <danayo> so add that to the wiki
2016-07-13T17:26:20 <danayo> and put a link to wiki in site footer
2016-07-13T17:26:25 <danayo> that sounds good to me
2016-07-13T17:26:46 <danayo> remove reference to Fluid
2016-07-13T17:26:59 <danayo> (and no particular reference to Floe, right?)
2016-07-13T17:27:13 <danayo> in the site footer
2016-07-13T17:27:54 <danayo> and keep the IDRC logo in the header
2016-07-13T17:28:22 <jessm> +++1 :P
2016-07-13T17:28:28 <danayo> great
2016-07-13T17:28:36 <danayo> jhung, Justin_o what do you think? ^
2016-07-13T17:29:02 <danayo> thanks jessm
2016-07-13T17:33:42 <jhung> So what appears in the footer? "A project of the Inclusive Design Research Centre at OCAD University \xe2\x80\xa6."
2016-07-13T17:33:51 <jhung> danayo: ^ that correct?
2016-07-13T17:33:58 <jhung> Header stays the same.
2016-07-13T17:35:45 <danayo> jhung, footer will say "created by the community members of the Inclusive Design Research Centre at OCAD University"
2016-07-13T17:36:34 <danayo> and "community members" will link to the wiki, or we can create a separate link jhung
2016-07-13T17:37:05 <jhung> sounds awesome danayo. Thanks jessm.
2016-07-13T17:37:24 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-13T17:37:48 <danayo> great jhung, and yes, header stays same
2016-07-13T17:38:00 <jessm> yay!
2016-07-13T17:38:04 <jessm> it looks so awesome
2016-07-13T17:38:10 <danayo> yay!
2016-07-13T18:00:54 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-13T18:01:05 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-13T18:03:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-13T18:10:09 <danayo> jhung, i was going to go ahead and make those changes to the footer - just wanted to make sure you weren\'t doing it
2016-07-13T18:10:21 <jhung> Sure you can update that now danayo
2016-07-13T18:10:27 <danayo> ok
2016-07-13T18:25:49 * clown has quit
2016-07-13T18:30:14 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-07-13T18:31:04 * simonjb has quit
2016-07-13T18:31:56 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-13T18:36:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T18:42:54 * michelled has quit
2016-07-13T18:45:00 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-13T18:45:38 * michelled1 joined the channel
2016-07-13T18:45:38 * michelled has quit
2016-07-13T18:53:57 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-13T18:55:35 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-13T18:56:30 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T19:00:02 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T19:09:51 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T19:13:36 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-13T19:13:43 <jhung> danayo: Is it safe to assume you\'ve pushed up all your work? I\'m going to do some changes which may cause conflicts.
2016-07-13T19:14:10 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T19:17:37 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-13T19:18:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T19:20:18 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-13T19:22:57 <danayo> yes jhung, footer is updated, haven\'t figured out the in-line svg yet, but i won\'t push any more changes up until i check in with you
2016-07-13T19:31:31 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-13T19:31:59 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-13T19:36:37 <jhung> ok danayo. I\'ll push up shortly.
2016-07-13T19:36:55 <danayo> ok
2016-07-13T19:44:51 <jhung> danayo: I\'ve pushed my changes. You can merge, but you\'ll have to rename my remote url first. To do this you do this: `git remote set-url jhung https://github.com/jhung/guide.inclusivedesign.ca`
2016-07-13T19:51:24 <danayo> thanks jhung, done and merged
2016-07-13T19:52:11 <danayo> i noticed that the icons in the Why and How lists are giant
2016-07-13T19:53:53 <jhung> yes. :) danayo
2016-07-13T19:54:14 <jhung> danayo: I left it because it\'ll be fixed with the inline SVG implementation.
2016-07-13T19:54:35 <danayo> ok jhung
2016-07-13T19:54:50 <jhung> danayo: if you want I can fix that now. I wasn\'t sure if you wanted to give that a shot.
2016-07-13T19:54:51 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-13T19:56:40 <danayo> thanks jhung, i will give it a shot. the markup i want to copy is in the index.html.handlebars.md file, right?
2016-07-13T19:57:43 <danayo> into the individual content md files
2016-07-13T19:59:20 <jhung> yep danayo. The <span>\xe2\x80\xa6.</span> is what you\'d use
2016-07-13T20:01:41 <danayo> great
2016-07-13T20:03:32 <jhung> danayo: I just realized that the styling may not be right for it. I\'m taking a look at a fix now\xe2\x80\xa6
'

