b'2016-07-28T00:00:24 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-07-28T00:01:18 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-07-28T00:04:40 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-28T00:22:48 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-28T00:42:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T00:48:41 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-28T01:43:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T01:44:52 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-28T01:45:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T02:13:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-28T02:58:46 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-28T03:22:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T05:22:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T05:53:32 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-28T06:54:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T07:55:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T07:59:37 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-28T08:56:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T10:34:32 * amatas joined the channel
2016-07-28T10:58:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T11:03:33 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-28T12:00:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T12:05:26 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-07-28T12:38:45 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-07-28T12:44:52 * Jess__ joined the channel
2016-07-28T12:52:25 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-28T12:57:17 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-28T13:07:43 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-28T13:09:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T13:33:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-28T13:42:08 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-28T13:49:56 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-28T14:06:16 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-28T14:11:43 <jhung> danayo, colinclark, Jess__, sepidehshahi - I\'ve updated the description of the design crit wiki page. Take a look and feel free to edit. https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Design+Critiques
2016-07-28T14:13:17 <Jess__> jhung: cool!
2016-07-28T14:14:40 <sepidehshahi> jhung: it looks great. thanks for putting it together
2016-07-28T14:15:36 <jhung> np sepidehshahi. I still think it\'s missing something about scheduling which addresses the concern about "last minute" meetings.
2016-07-28T14:18:07 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-07-28T14:22:34 <danayo> thanks jhung, it looks great. perhaps we could say something like - "we do our best to schedule crit topics ahead of time, but occasionally we may have a last-minute addition to the schedule. in that case we will notify the list as soon as possible" ?
2016-07-28T14:24:06 <danayo> also jhung, Justin_o and I talked about the UIO mobile designs and thought it might be good to revisit them at the crit on Aug 9 (I\'m away next week) - if that sounds good to you I can add it to the schedule
2016-07-28T14:25:11 <colinclark> jhung: We can probably toss the first paragraph and just lead in with "A crit is..."
2016-07-28T14:25:57 <colinclark> My sense is that we should also somehow say that the agenda is driven by participants\xe2\x80\x94if people have "stuff," we meet and talk about it; if they don\'t, we don\'t :)
2016-07-28T14:29:12 <jhung> danayo: I like colinclark\'s comment about the crit being "participant driven". I was talking to sepidehshahi and she said that it seemed pretty clear that the crits are informal and flexible. And if we make it a routine of announcing topics (or cancellations) after the Floe meetings, then maybe we don\'t have to explicitly say "we\'ll notify a day in advance etc etc"
2016-07-28T14:30:02 <jhung> colinclark: good idea about pruning the first paragraph.
2016-07-28T14:31:04 <sepidehshahi> danayo, alanharnum and Yan_Hu are you available for the dashboard meting?
2016-07-28T14:31:08 <danayo> sure jhung.
2016-07-28T14:31:34 <alanharnum> sepidehshahi: yup
2016-07-28T14:32:55 <jhung> danayo: and yes Aug 9 for UIO Mobile would be great.
2016-07-28T14:32:55 <danayo> sepidehshahi: yup
2016-07-28T14:33:08 <danayo> great jhung i\'ll add it to the schedule
2016-07-28T14:34:34 <jhung> thanks!
2016-07-28T14:39:58 * Yan_Hu has left the channel
2016-07-28T15:52:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-28T15:52:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T15:52:44 <colinclark> danayo: Is there a reason why you wouldn\'t work on changes to the Guide site in a branch within your fork of the guide repository?
2016-07-28T15:52:54 <colinclark> and then share your changes there?
2016-07-28T16:07:32 <danayo> hey colinclark, no reason that I can think of - jhung, what do you think?
2016-07-28T16:07:47 <colinclark> is there a way to publish your personal forks so people can see them?
2016-07-28T16:07:56 <colinclark> I mean, publish the results of the static site generator
2016-07-28T16:08:06 <colinclark> AC used to do that a lot
2016-07-28T16:08:20 <colinclark> she\'d share her fork using Github Pages, I think
2016-07-28T16:09:41 <danayo> ok colinclark, maybe that\'s the best way to do it
2016-07-28T16:10:03 <colinclark> I don\'t know if it\'s possible, but seems like a nice way to work
2016-07-28T16:14:43 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-28T16:15:29 <jhung> danayo, colinclark: yeah that works too. I just personally find it easier to start with a google doc to get the first draft down and then commit to a fork on github. I guess each person may go about this differently.
2016-07-28T16:16:18 <colinclark> i guess they\'re not mutually exclusive
2016-07-28T16:16:33 <colinclark> definitely it\'s way nicer to write in a word processor or wiki editor
2016-07-28T16:17:01 <colinclark> having written 100 pages of a thesis entirely in markdown with a text editor, I don\'t want to do that again :)
2016-07-28T16:25:24 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-07-28T16:56:53 * gtirloni has quit
2016-07-28T16:59:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-07-28T17:15:04 <danayo> jhung I pushed my latest changes
2016-07-28T17:15:40 <danayo> wondering if there is a way we can embed the images such that you can select them to see them actual size/bigger? much like in the wiki?
2016-07-28T17:45:54 * clown_mtg has quit
2016-07-28T17:47:10 <jhung> yes danayo. You\'d have to make a thumbnail version first and then use the appropriate markdown notation to get the thumbnail to link to the larger version. We\'ve done this for the ILDH. We\'d do similar here.
2016-07-28T18:14:33 * amatas has quit
2016-07-28T18:40:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T18:43:08 * gtirloni has quit
2016-07-28T18:45:23 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-07-28T18:46:39 <danayo> jhung, sorry, was on a call - I can try adding the thumbnails
2016-07-28T18:47:47 <danayo> do I need to create a separate thumbnail image?
2016-07-28T18:59:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-28T19:14:40 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-28T19:18:58 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-28T19:27:39 <jhung> yes danayo. You\'d have to create a thumbnail and put it in the images folder.
2016-07-28T19:27:55 <danayo> ok jhung
2016-07-28T19:37:53 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-28T20:03:42 <danayo> jhung: done!
2016-07-28T20:03:55 <jhung> great danayo. I\'ll take a look.
2016-07-28T20:04:00 <danayo> thank you
2016-07-28T20:17:58 <jhung> I\'m just about to head out danayo. I\'ll finish looking at it tomorrow morning.
2016-07-28T20:52:28 * gtirloni has quit
2016-07-28T21:02:18 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-07-28T21:04:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-28T21:16:41 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-28T23:17:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

