b'2016-10-31T19:52:50 <jhung> awesome.
2016-10-31T19:58:32 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-31T20:18:15 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-31T20:39:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T20:44:49 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-31T20:53:42 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-10-31T21:10:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T21:19:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-31T21:20:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T21:33:11 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-31T21:33:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T21:45:20 <danayo> lliskovoi: do you have time to work on that 2nd diagram?
2016-10-31T21:45:33 <lliskovoi> almost done
2016-10-31T21:45:38 <danayo> ah great
2016-10-31T21:54:17 * simonjb has quit
2016-10-31T22:19:47 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-10-31T22:19:52 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-10-31T22:46:59 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-31T23:10:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T23:10:39 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-31T23:11:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

b'2016-10-31T07:30:36 * amatas joined the channel
2016-10-31T11:53:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-10-31T12:13:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T12:24:44 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-10-31T13:10:49 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-31T13:17:31 * jhung joined the channel
2016-10-31T13:45:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-31T13:58:05 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-31T13:58:26 * danayo joined the channel
2016-10-31T14:01:47 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-31T14:04:02 <lliskovoi> danayo: alanharnum are we having a MyL3 meeting today?
2016-10-31T14:04:44 <alanharnum> lliskovoi danayo: I could, but might have to start at 11 - there\'s another meeting that got time-shifted due to EU & Canada starting DST at different times
2016-10-31T14:04:50 <alanharnum> more evidence of why DST is the worst
2016-10-31T14:06:20 <danayo> lliskovoi, alanharnum, colinclark: since we met last week, not sure we have anything new to discuss?
2016-10-31T14:06:44 <danayo> If Neeta is around, I can fill her in on what we talked about last week
2016-10-31T14:07:19 <colinclark> seems reasonable to hold off on those meetings for a bit
2016-10-31T14:07:36 <lliskovoi> ok, sounds good, thanks
2016-10-31T14:08:50 <lliskovoi> danayo: do you know who\'s making changes to the ecosystem graphics for Jutta? I can do it if needed
2016-10-31T14:14:08 <danayo> lliskovoi: no one that I know of - if you have time, that would be great!
2016-10-31T14:14:42 <danayo> lliskovoi: do you need help finding the original file? it\'s in dropbox somewhere, I can track it down for you
2016-10-31T14:15:00 <lliskovoi> danayo: that would be great, thanks!
2016-10-31T14:16:44 <jhung> danayo: I\'ve put up a preview of the printing on my gh-pages. You can see it here: https://jhung.github.io/guide.inclusivedesign.ca/
2016-10-31T14:17:07 <jhung> Select the "Print the Guide" link in the top-right corner.
2016-10-31T14:17:35 <jhung> danayo: some of the content pages are a bit too long - you can see this from the print preview.
2016-10-31T14:18:10 <danayo> very exciting jhung!
2016-10-31T14:18:15 <jhung> Rather, you can see this when you try printing and see the print preview dialog danayo
2016-10-31T14:18:24 <danayo> ok jhung
2016-10-31T14:18:53 <danayo> some of the content changes that I made shortened the content jhung
2016-10-31T14:18:59 <danayo> but we\'ll need to do more of that I guess
2016-10-31T14:19:10 <danayo> this is very cool!
2016-10-31T14:19:23 <danayo> :D
2016-10-31T14:20:09 <jhung> danayo: yeah. I\'ve also added a new class that controls visibility between printing and screen. So it\'ll show only for screen and hide it on the print. So it\'s possible to show more on the website. However we\'d probably want to mark these areas visibly so users don\'t wonder where it went.
2016-10-31T14:20:45 <danayo> interesting jhung, ok
2016-10-31T14:21:30 <jhung> for now I wonder even if we don\'t work out the wrinkles, it may be worth having a link to the "experimental" feature for OpenEd. The disclaimer on the Print version should probably be a bit more noticeable.
2016-10-31T14:22:59 <jhung> Since the backend print code hasn\'t been reviewed, we can commit just the static generated /print/all.html document?
2016-10-31T14:23:35 <jhung> Justin_o, colinclark: thoughts?
2016-10-31T14:24:26 <jhung> btw, Justin_o I got your revision stamp in there too. You owe me something. :D
2016-10-31T14:25:32 <danayo> lliskovoi: https://www.dropbox.com/s/q9p8ek2qcx5fpj4/network%20for%20innovative%20personalization%20-%20Dana.pdf?dl=0
2016-10-31T14:25:46 <lliskovoi> thanks!
2016-10-31T14:25:54 <danayo> and this lliskovoi: https://www.dropbox.com/s/wvqeslhe6lcbujr/pfei-edit-Dana.pdf?dl=0
2016-10-31T14:27:43 <danayo> jhung: I love the idea of demo-ing it for openEd
2016-10-31T14:34:45 * jessm joined the channel
2016-10-31T14:39:04 <Justin_o> jhung: awesome.. thanks for getting in the revision stamp. How are you expecting the print feature to work on the site in general?
2016-10-31T14:45:41 <jhung> Justin_o: for the short term  it will look similar to how it is now. A link to a static page which contains all the cards in duplex order.
2016-10-31T14:46:17 <Justin_o> jhung: okay, and the plan for the next iteration on it?
2016-10-31T14:47:49 * avtar joined the channel
2016-10-31T14:48:29 <jhung> Justin_o: next iteration would be refining the print authoring workflow to make it easier for content authors to specify what gets printed, and what doesn\'t. Probably adding some cosmetic improvements such as the bounding boxes for the "Try" sections. Beyond that there are some possible new features such as allowing adjustment of print CSS directly from the website without having to run docpad\'s generation. Possibly being able t
2016-10-31T14:53:14 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-31T15:09:09 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-31T15:12:28 <Justin_o> the last part sounds much more complicated
2016-10-31T15:12:51 <Justin_o> but i think we\'d also want to allow printing from the site to be able to pick and choose pages easier.
2016-10-31T15:13:05 <Justin_o> i\'d think a simple download print version link would suffice for now
2016-10-31T15:13:17 <Justin_o> but it\'d be good if that could be generated with the correct file on each docpad build
2016-10-31T15:41:48 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-31T15:46:07 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-10-31T15:46:13 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-10-31T15:47:01 * avtar1 joined the channel
2016-10-31T15:47:04 * michelled1 joined the channel
2016-10-31T15:47:13 * jessm_ joined the channel
2016-10-31T15:49:13 <danayo> jhung: i agree about the disclaimer being more noticeable. I think if we styled it differently than the other pages that would help.
2016-10-31T15:49:51 <jhung> danayo: yeah. I\'ll get around to that later today. I\'m currently working on mobile fixes.
2016-10-31T15:52:23 <danayo> sounds good
2016-10-31T15:59:55 * clown joined the channel
2016-10-31T16:00:56 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-31T16:03:14 <jessm> jhung: the printables look great!
2016-10-31T16:03:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-31T16:04:37 <jhung> jessm: the ones you have in your hand aren\'t from what I was working on. :D
2016-10-31T16:05:31 <jessm> i have nothing in my hands yet \xe2\x80\x94 i was talking about these https://jhung.github.io/guide.inclusivedesign.ca/print/all.html
2016-10-31T16:06:11 <jhung> ah. In that case\xe2\x80\xa6 thanks! :)
2016-10-31T16:36:17 * avtar joined the channel
2016-10-31T16:40:25 <danayo> jhung just pushed that last change to guide repo
2016-10-31T16:41:02 <jhung> ok danayo I\'ll take a look.
2016-10-31T16:41:21 <Justin_o> avtar, gtirloni: have you seen the required status checks feature on GitHub.. could be useful for our CI integration https://help.github.com/articles/enabling-required-status-checks/
2016-10-31T16:44:56 <jhung> danayo: merged.
2016-10-31T16:46:14 <danayo> uh oh jhung, something happened with the logos
2016-10-31T16:46:45 <jhung> Refresh danayo.
2016-10-31T16:47:08 <jhung> It wasn\'t there initially for me until I refreshed
2016-10-31T16:48:09 <danayo> ah good jhung, had to force reload
2016-10-31T16:48:27 <danayo> hooray
2016-10-31T16:48:34 <jhung> :)
2016-10-31T16:48:41 <avtar> Justin_o: interesting
2016-10-31T16:48:58 <jhung> There\'s still that other pull request danayo - the redirect for the renamed page.
2016-10-31T16:49:14 <avtar> i guess this feature is only useful if the ci server is set up to interact with this api
2016-10-31T16:49:23 <danayo> yes, that should be good to go jhung, no?
2016-10-31T16:49:36 <jhung> danayo: oh, let me check. :)
2016-10-31T16:51:11 <jhung> I don\'t see any changes to the redirect section of docpad.js danayo. Did you push your changes?
2016-10-31T16:51:37 <danayo> hmmm jhung, i thought i did
2016-10-31T16:51:40 <danayo> let me se
2016-10-31T16:51:41 <danayo> e
2016-10-31T16:52:49 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-31T16:53:24 <Justin_o> avtar: yes, you\'d need to work with that api. I\'m thinking you could use that as a requirement to make sure that code changes pass before allowing a merge.
2016-10-31T16:54:07 <danayo> ah jhung, i think it got overwritten in the confusion around me working in the wrong branch
2016-10-31T16:54:11 <danayo> i\'ll do it now
2016-10-31T16:54:31 <jhung> np danayo. Thanks!
2016-10-31T16:58:00 * David123_ joined the channel
2016-10-31T16:59:24 <danayo> ok jhung, now I think it\'s good to go!
2016-10-31T16:59:35 <jhung> great danayo I\'ll take a look now.
2016-10-31T17:01:25 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-31T17:02:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T17:03:05 * Kobi joined the channel
2016-10-31T17:03:29 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-31T17:04:00 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-10-31T17:14:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T17:30:46 <jhung> danayo: I think I messed up. I think I was looking at an outdated version of the pull request. Now I\'m seeing duplicates of the redirect on lines 55 and 62 on docpad.js
2016-10-31T17:33:21 * avtar has quit
2016-10-31T17:33:33 <danayo> ok jhung, what do i need to do at this point to correct it? (the duplicate doesn\'t appear in the version of the file I have)
2016-10-31T17:36:07 <alanharnum> jhung: where does the floeproject.org site live? I\'d like to PR an update to that link, and it doesn\'t look like it\'s at https://github.com/fluid-project/www.floeproject.org
2016-10-31T17:36:58 <jhung> alanharnum: try https://github.com/fluid-project/floeproject.org
2016-10-31T17:38:24 <alanharnum> thanks jhung!
2016-10-31T17:38:49 <jhung> danayo: I think I managed to fix it. I\'m testing it now.
2016-10-31T17:41:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-10-31T17:43:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-31T17:45:46 <jhung> danayo: Merged. Can you confirm those content fixes got in on the live site?
2016-10-31T17:47:22 * colinclark has quit
2016-10-31T17:48:05 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-10-31T17:48:37 <danayo> looks great jhung, thanks!
2016-10-31T17:52:27 <jhung> danayo: awesome.
2016-10-31T17:53:09 * michelled joined the channel
2016-10-31T18:01:40 * avtar joined the channel
2016-10-31T18:05:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-10-31T18:27:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T18:28:42 <alanharnum> colinclark danayo: thoughts on the naming of this page? https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/(Floe)+Preference+Exploration+and+Self-Assessment - can it be retitled to "My Lifelong Learning Lab"? Should we keep the title as-is & add some explanatory language?
2016-10-31T18:29:08 <alanharnum> I think that page rather than the current one is better linked for this work from http://floeproject.org
2016-10-31T18:33:19 <danayo> alanharnum: my vote would be to keep the name as-is (or something similarly broad), because the specific name will likely change, or we may have multiple names
2016-10-31T18:33:43 <alanharnum> should the name of floeproject.org be changed then, perhaps?
2016-10-31T18:35:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T18:37:45 <colinclark> I\'m of two minds
2016-10-31T18:37:56 <colinclark> The Floe page should definitely refer to MyL3
2016-10-31T18:38:00 <colinclark> in long form :)
2016-10-31T18:38:48 <colinclark> I\'m not sure the current title of the wiki page is particularly informative in itself, but I like danayo\'s point that this page documents a much larger research effort than just MyL3
2016-10-31T19:03:27 <alanharnum> colinclark danayo: yeah, I agree; so maybe some explanatory text under "background"? I think this is the appropriate page to link to, just don\'t want it disconnected from the link title on floeproject.org
2016-10-31T19:03:40 <colinclark> yup, that makes sense
2016-10-31T19:10:04 <alanharnum> colinclark danayo feedback request on page revisions at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28Floe%29+Preference+Exploration+and+Self-Assessment#id-(Floe)PreferenceExplorationandSelf-Assessment-MyLifelongLearningLab - not much new text, just some additional sidebar + restructuring of existing text
2016-10-31T19:10:27 <alanharnum> and update the link at floeproject.org to go to that section of the page
2016-10-31T19:20:22 * alanharnum has quit
2016-10-31T19:20:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-10-31T19:24:39 <danayo> alanharnum, this looks good- one thing - i think we were going to use the term "researcher" instead of "scientist" ?
2016-10-31T19:25:17 <alanharnum> danayo: thanks, good catch -i\'ll update the text, though not Jutta\'s actual quote :)
2016-10-31T19:25:40 <colinclark> good plan, alanharnum
2016-10-31T19:25:41 <colinclark> i like what you\'ve got here
2016-10-31T19:25:56 <alanharnum> i think most of the wording is danayo\'s
2016-10-31T19:26:05 <alanharnum> i just moved it from "Goal" to under that MyL3 heading
2016-10-31T19:33:23 <alanharnum> opened a PR to change the floeproject.org link: https://github.com/fluid-project/floeproject.org/pull/46 - can someone (jhung?) review that? It\'s a one-line change, but process etc.
2016-10-31T19:34:12 <jhung> alanharnum: content has been checked?
2016-10-31T19:42:29 <jhung> Justin_o: can you check this when you have a moment? https://github.com/inclusive-design/guide.inclusivedesign.ca/pull/15
2016-10-31T19:51:09 <jhung> alanharnum: merged.
2016-10-31T19:51:15 <alanharnum> jhung: thanks!
2016-10-31T19:51:22 <jhung> np
2016-10-31T19:52:29 <jhung> alanharnum: can you confirm that the live site has the correct changes? http://floeproject.org/
2016-10-31T19:52:44 <alanharnum> jhung: yup, looks good
'

