b'2016-01-11T04:25:58 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-11T04:25:58 * michelled has quit
2016-01-11T10:08:24 * amatas joined the channel
2016-01-11T13:19:07 * zamcnema joined the channel
2016-01-11T13:22:32 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-01-11T13:32:50 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-11T13:56:28 * jessm joined the channel
2016-01-11T14:02:19 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-11T14:11:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-11T14:40:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-11T14:43:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-11T14:45:28 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-01-11T14:54:07 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-11T14:57:43 * clown joined the channel
2016-01-11T15:06:16 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-11T15:07:50 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-11T15:25:33 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-01-11T15:30:21 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-01-11T15:32:10 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-11T15:37:17 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-01-11T15:37:27 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2016-01-11T15:40:06 * michelled has quit
2016-01-11T15:46:07 <sepidehshahi> good morning danayo, do you have some time today to talk about the design guides?
2016-01-11T15:51:01 <danayo> hi sepidehshahi for sure - how about after floe planning and daily connection meetings?
2016-01-11T15:52:48 <sepidehshahi> danayo: we are going to meet about the 404 reports after the standup since Vivian is here.
2016-01-11T15:55:24 <danayo> ok
2016-01-11T15:55:30 <danayo> when can you meet?
2016-01-11T15:55:44 <danayo> sepidehshahi ^
2016-01-11T15:56:54 <sepidehshahi> Can you meet in the afternoon, maybe around 2:30?
2016-01-11T15:57:18 <sepidehshahi> danayo: ^
2016-01-11T15:57:46 <danayo> I think we have a regular dashboard meeting at that time sepidehshahi
2016-01-11T15:58:35 <danayo> after that?
2016-01-11T15:58:43 <sepidehshahi> sounds good
2016-01-11T15:58:51 <danayo> not sure how much new we have to discuss about dashboard today anyway sepidehshahi
2016-01-11T15:59:18 <sepidehshahi> sorry I was supposed to make a few sketches but haven\xe2\x80\x99t had a chance to do so.
2016-01-11T16:01:57 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-11T16:03:27 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2016-01-11T16:04:44 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-11T16:04:44 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2016-01-11T16:29:58 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-11T16:51:28 * michelled has quit
2016-01-11T16:52:24 * michelled joined the channel
2016-01-11T16:52:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-11T16:54:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-11T16:54:48 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-11T16:58:53 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-11T16:59:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-11T17:02:52 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-11T17:03:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-11T17:04:14 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-11T17:04:34 <danayo> re: dashboard no worries sepidehshahi !
2016-01-11T17:38:40 <anastasiac> fluid-everyone: Interesting user-experience deign quiz from NN/g: https://www.nngroup.com/articles/ux-quiz/
2016-01-11T17:44:10 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i didn\'t know what "Page parking" was :(
2016-01-11T17:48:17 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-11T18:01:50 <anastasiac> Justin_o: did you get the rest right?
2016-01-11T18:03:38 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i didn\'t know the one about the persona creation either
2016-01-11T18:06:04 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-11T18:07:59 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-11T18:11:58 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-01-11T18:13:26 <danayo> design crit notes: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SdQbbq9k6_5ofn9Af29yLFn1d-KpPGvb1dwYsorzaOg/edit
2016-01-11T18:47:16 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-01-11T19:14:37 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-11T19:15:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-11T19:19:49 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: there\'s a scheduling conflict with the collaboration room during the 1 - 2:30 design crit time. We can either use another space like we did today, or move the design crit to later in the day
2016-01-11T19:20:16 <Justin_o> I\'m fine with just meeting in the alternate location, but if there is a strong desire to change the time we could explore that too
2016-01-11T19:32:14 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-01-11T19:35:32 <michelled> Justin_o: Neeta has expressed an interest in joining the crit. Given her time zone, earlier would be better, not later.
2016-01-11T19:49:12 <Justin_o> michelled: lets leave it as it as it
2016-01-11T19:49:13 <Justin_o> as is
2016-01-11T20:04:41 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-11T20:10:22 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-01-11T20:30:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-01-11T21:03:58 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-01-11T21:19:15 * jhung has quit
2016-01-11T21:19:27 * jhung joined the channel
2016-01-11T21:25:58 * cindyli has quit
2016-01-11T21:35:47 * jessm has quit
2016-01-11T21:40:06 <danayo> sepidehshahi: I started a google doc here for guidelines https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RoQCNCsbTjm5-1FTv-UixLyqWrkWtJNYHEe-SA1i-6I/edit?usp=sharing
2016-01-11T21:40:23 <danayo> I\'ve started a table where I\'m trying to organise relationships between principles/practices/tools
2016-01-11T21:40:50 <danayo> feel free to comment/edit!
2016-01-11T21:41:34 <sepidehshahi> This is great and very much helpful! Thanks for putting this together danayo
2016-01-11T21:41:48 <danayo> good so glad you find it helpful!
2016-01-11T21:41:56 <danayo> it is helping me think through this slicing, which seems very tricky
2016-01-11T21:43:21 <sepidehshahi> I bet\xe2\x80\xa6I\xe2\x80\x99ll use this document to write up the section for design guides. I was thinking of using a sample card for each category. Please let me know if you wanted specific card to be included in the report.
2016-01-11T21:43:58 <danayo> sure, sounds good
2016-01-11T21:44:01 <sepidehshahi> and all cards will be put into a GPII wiki page
2016-01-11T21:52:10 <danayo> ok
2016-01-11T21:58:54 * zamcnema has quit
2016-01-11T22:01:07 * clown has quit
2016-01-11T22:03:15 * anastasiac joined the channel
2016-01-11T22:07:09 * anastasiac has quit
2016-01-11T22:08:36 <danayo> your suggestion to group tools is making a lot of sense to me now sepidehshahi  - for example "Communication Tools" could be one card that lists wiki, listserv, channel
2016-01-11T22:08:51 <danayo> and "Personalisation Tools" for the tools that we make (UIO, Explore, PMT, FD, etc)
2016-01-11T22:10:22 <sepidehshahi> great!
2016-01-11T22:26:35 * jhung has quit
2016-01-11T22:29:41 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-01-11T23:33:33 * danayo has quit
2016-01-11T23:35:14 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-11T23:37:34 * Justin_o has quit
2016-01-11T23:43:35 * danayo has quit
2016-01-11T23:45:50 * danayo joined the channel
2016-01-11T23:45:58 * danayo has quit
'

