b"2016-04-28T01:02:21 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-28T02:51:12 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-28T08:14:45 * amatas joined the channel
2016-04-28T11:01:16 * Jess___ joined the channel
2016-04-28T11:35:42 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-04-28T12:53:14 * jhung joined the channel
2016-04-28T12:55:32 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-04-28T13:04:20 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-28T13:22:31 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-28T13:22:52 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-28T13:30:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-28T13:32:47 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-04-28T13:58:19 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-28T13:59:54 * Jess___ has quit
2016-04-28T14:05:34 * clown joined the channel
2016-04-28T14:35:08 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-04-28T15:11:49 <sepidehshahi> Hi michelled and jhung, I was wondering if you had a chance to have the design crit on Monday regarding the IDRC website a11y. Do you know if there are any discussion notes or comments that I should look into?
2016-04-28T15:15:11 <michelled> sepidehshahi: we didn't end up having the crit
2016-04-28T15:15:19 <michelled> well, we did, but we talked about PhET :)
2016-04-28T15:16:34 <sepidehshahi> oh ok michelled:) if there are no other topics, maybe we could talk about it on Monday
2016-04-28T15:18:52 <danayo> sepidehshahi: lisa wasn't here on monday so we didn't discuss it. let's find out if she'll be in on monday and I agree it would be great to do it then
2016-04-28T15:19:49 <sepidehshahi> for sure danayo. she is not working today. I\xe2\x80\x99ll check with her tomorrow to see what her availablity is on Monday
2016-04-28T15:20:13 <danayo> thanks sepidehshahi
2016-04-28T15:20:27 <sepidehshahi> np
2016-04-28T15:26:26 <jhung> sepidehshahi: heidi, Lisa and I chatted a day ago and Lisa is going to help create some high-fidelity mockups of the front, research, and research directory pages.
2016-04-28T15:26:55 <sepidehshahi> oh, that\xe2\x80\x99s wonderful. tanks jhung
2016-04-28T15:27:21 <jhung> She said that she'll have time next week to start that. There hasn't been any changes to designs since we last talked about the 2 Ideation concepts you showed us a few weeks ago sepidehshahi.
2016-04-28T15:29:50 <sepidehshahi> I think the work on the landing page will be the most important part. It resolves the issue of carrousel and also creates a visual design for the rest of pages and sub pages, jhung
2016-04-28T15:31:40 <jhung> yep. We talked about the carousel and I think Lisa is going to do some variation of the graphical Table of Contents sepidehshahi.
2016-04-28T15:32:55 <jhung> I think maybe Monday may be too soon to talk about accessibility without having a design first sepidehshahi? What do you think?
2016-04-28T15:45:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-28T15:48:55 <sepidehshahi> jhung: I was thinking about the overall structure and the navigation of the site and whether it is accessible or not. Beacuse if we create high fidelity mockups of designs that are not accessible, then we have to go back and revise those basic functions. but it\xe2\x80\x99s totally up to the team. maybe when Lisa has some variations for the landing page, we can talk about a11y.
2016-04-28T15:53:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-28T16:04:12 <danayo> sepidehshahi, jhung: i think a discussion about a11y sooner would be helpful as well - we can refer to the rough mockups we have and set a direction for next steps
2016-04-28T16:05:41 <jhung> sepidehshahi, danayo: sure. Then let's see if Lisa is around on Monday. Would be helpful if Heidi were there too.
2016-04-28T16:06:07 <danayo> sounds good jhung, will you check in with heidi?
2016-04-28T16:07:15 <jhung> sure thing. I'll send out an email danayo, sepidehshahi.
2016-04-28T16:07:22 <danayo> thanks jhung
2016-04-28T16:07:30 <sepidehshahi> thanks jhung
2016-04-28T16:41:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-28T16:41:29 * clown joined the channel
2016-04-28T16:42:06 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-28T16:55:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-28T17:01:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-28T17:03:27 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-28T17:20:31 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-04-28T17:26:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-28T17:48:12 <sepidehshahi> danayo: and jhung, since we are going to migrate our files to a new repository, I think it\xe2\x80\x99s a great chance to create an organized directory where files can be easily found and stored. I have created a very qucik folder directory map based on the content we currently have on dropbox: https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1UFjvJhD0SAl_52DukcPOvz20Hln2FE8aPkeS7hFEkH4/edit
2016-04-28T17:49:28 <danayo> thanks sepidehshahi! i think that breakdown works
2016-04-28T17:50:53 <jhung> sepidehshahi: I don't think we've decided to migrate. From what I understand from the discussion in the list is that if we decide to use OwnCloud, it would require some additional configuration to make it sustainable (i.e. gtirloni will need to put in some time and infrastructure to make it work right).
2016-04-28T17:50:57 <sepidehshahi> one of the problems we have with db is that we create lots of different versions and it makes it hard to remember which one was delivered at the end. So I have a folder for \xe2\x80\x9cDelivered Files\xe2\x80\x9d
2016-04-28T17:51:43 <jhung> right now the OwnCloud we're using is a trial. I don't think we should be treating it like permanent storage.
2016-04-28T17:52:19 <jhung> sepidehshahi: re different versions - that's excellent. This is the sort of thing I would like to have documented in that requirements page I set up on the wiki.
2016-04-28T17:53:08 <sepidehshahi> sure jhung. even if we don\xe2\x80\x99t migrate and decide to archive some content on dropbox to open up some space, I think reorganizing our content in a more findable way helps
2016-04-28T17:53:46 <jhung> sepidehshahi: makes sense. I've already been deleting files that weren't needed.
2016-04-28T17:55:02 <jhung> If we restructure and reorganize the dropbox, are we concerned that any links pointing to the old locations would be dead-ends?
2016-04-28T17:55:36 <jhung> I don't think it's really a big concern since we put sharable stuff on the wiki and link to that.
2016-04-28T17:55:44 <sepidehshahi> great jhung. Have you saved those deleted files somewhere locally? I was planning to do the same, but was not sure if there are other linked files or documents that will be affected by permenatly deleting those files.
2016-04-28T17:56:38 <sepidehshahi> that\xe2\x80\x99s a really good point.
2016-04-28T17:56:42 <jhung> sepidehshahi: I've been deleting primarily exported files if the master was present. I've been shrinking JPGs and PNGs where it made sense (i.e. I recompress them since quality wasn't a requirement).
2016-04-28T17:57:32 <sepidehshahi> it makes sense jhung, I\xe2\x80\x99ll do the same then.
2016-04-28T17:58:45 <jhung> sepidehshahi: I'm looking at the structure of the design artifacts and it looks very much like the structure of the IDRC website. :D
2016-04-28T17:59:22 <sepidehshahi> yes! I tried to follow what we had on the site as well as the wiki:D
2016-04-28T18:00:12 <jhung> sepidehshahi: makes a lot of sense. Makes things a lot easier to find\xe2\x80\xa6 like how you can go to different Home Depots and roughly know where things are.
2016-04-28T18:00:37 <sepidehshahi> exactly!
2016-04-28T18:06:02 <jhung> sepidehshahi, danayo: if there's time during next Monday's design crit, maybe we can talk about the design artifact repository?
2016-04-28T18:06:32 <danayo> sure jhung, sounds good
2016-04-28T18:06:43 <sepidehshahi> sounds good to me jhung
2016-04-28T18:11:05 <jhung> btw danayo, sepidehshahi I made a page for design crits. You can find it here: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Design+Critiques
2016-04-28T18:11:24 <danayo> great thanks jhung!
2016-04-28T18:11:32 <jhung> feel free to add to it.
2016-04-28T18:11:50 <sepidehshahi> This is great jhung! thanks
2016-04-28T19:03:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-28T19:12:22 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-28T19:30:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-28T19:47:01 * clown joined the channel
2016-04-28T19:51:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-28T20:08:49 * clown joined the channel
2016-04-28T20:15:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-28T20:33:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-28T20:40:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-28T21:11:42 <danayo> sepidehshahi: participant hasn't arrived yet?
2016-04-28T21:23:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-28T21:24:00 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-04-28T21:44:58 * simonjb has quit
"

