b"2016-11-15T00:36:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T00:42:12 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-11-15T01:38:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T02:02:37 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-15T02:39:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T02:51:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-15T03:25:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-15T04:41:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T04:58:33 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-15T05:45:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T07:09:40 * amatas joined the channel
2016-11-15T09:50:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T13:16:12 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-15T13:27:50 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-11-15T13:31:32 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-15T13:43:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T13:56:05 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-15T14:03:07 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-15T14:04:18 * jessm joined the channel
2016-11-15T14:15:59 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-15T14:23:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-15T14:56:55 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-15T14:59:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T14:59:31 <jhung> fluid-everyone: The design crit is starting in 2 minutes. We're talking about some docs related issues today: Icons, workflow, and docs improvements.
2016-11-15T15:04:38 * alanharnum has quit
2016-11-15T15:09:19 * avtar joined the channel
2016-11-15T15:14:11 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-15T15:14:56 * jessm_ joined the channel
2016-11-15T15:17:04 * clown joined the channel
2016-11-15T16:02:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T16:13:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-15T16:33:39 * colinclark has quit
2016-11-15T16:35:10 <danayo> jhung could you drop the link to the example you were just showing us?
2016-11-15T16:35:25 <jhung> Sure danayo https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#truth-value-testing
2016-11-15T16:35:31 <danayo> thanks
2016-11-15T16:56:45 <danayo> michelled: does 3:30 ET work for you to meet today?
2016-11-15T16:57:13 <michelled> yes danayo, talk to you then
2016-11-15T16:57:18 <danayo> great
2016-11-15T16:58:49 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-15T17:00:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T17:23:07 <jessm> michelled: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZD6Zczb6ZLy-WRP7XMMF-AHiZUKqQB1-I0ScrQxWYQM/edit like i said, Gregg posted them somewhere on the P4A manage site \xe2\x80\x94 this is the SP1 copy we worked on and then copied in to his. I will try to find his
2016-11-15T17:23:45 <jessm> michelled: a tiny miracle! already found it. here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B7GlZD-XKf0wfkZXZmN3R3BwUGVOZ2k0Q3h3QXdkSmpZOEg5OUFpY1FCc3JxR0F3alBXdlU
2016-11-15T17:24:06 <jessm> linked to from here: https://sites.google.com/a/raisingthefloor.org/p4amanage/home/all-workpackages-and-activities
2016-11-15T17:24:46 <jessm> michelled: looks like all it says for D302.1 is that you\xe2\x80\x99re the lead/contact
2016-11-15T17:32:03 <michelled> thx jessm. I didn't know about this document
2016-11-15T17:32:09 <jessm> michelled: it was also in the SP1 meeting notes from Wed, july 22, 2015 here http://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/prosperity/2015-July/000049.html
2016-11-15T17:33:23 <jessm> michelled: and follow-up to the work done on it in SP1 meeting notes from aug 5, 2015 http://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/prosperity/2015-August/000052.html
2016-11-15T17:34:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T17:36:09 <jessm> michelled: iirc Gregg asked folks to do it and i think that happened at the Coordinators meeting. I think. can\xe2\x80\x99t remember.
2016-11-15T17:37:50 <jessm> and i have no idea who completed it for SP3
2016-11-15T17:38:32 <michelled> from the looks of it jessm, we just need to do T302.5 and write the deliverable
2016-11-15T17:38:40 <michelled> so no surprises, thankfully
2016-11-15T17:44:08 <jessm> michelled: no surprises is good. yay
2016-11-15T17:52:41 <michelled> jessm, alanharnum: does 2:00 on Thursday work to talk through the 302.1 deliverable?
2016-11-15T17:52:52 <alanharnum> michelled: that works for me
2016-11-15T17:53:13 <jessm> michelled: alanharnum me too
2016-11-15T17:53:36 <michelled> cool, I'll check with Colin when he's done with his meeting, but I think it will work
2016-11-15T18:39:27 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-15T19:06:57 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-15T19:25:59 <michelled> jhung: I know you told me recently, but I've forgotten - where are the docs for the WP UIO plugin?
2016-11-15T19:26:36 <jhung> michelled: there isn't any. There was a README in the WP plugin repo, but it wasn't very helpful.
2016-11-15T19:27:56 <michelled> ah right, thx jhung
2016-11-15T19:34:53 * clown has quit
2016-11-15T19:59:22 * clown joined the channel
2016-11-15T20:26:32 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-15T20:36:50 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-15T21:04:29 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-15T21:07:07 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-15T21:41:03 * clown joined the channel
2016-11-15T22:02:50 * danayo joined the channel
2016-11-15T22:05:34 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-15T22:41:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-15T23:55:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
"

