b"2016-04-04T21:28:35 <sepidehshahi> danayo: ^
2016-04-04T21:29:12 <danayo> sure sepidehshahi, how about we postpone - personally I'd like to have some more time to review the use cases. What do you think?
2016-04-04T21:30:33 <sepidehshahi> for sure danayo, should we postpone it to next week or the week after? because next week, colinclark  will be at the review
2016-04-04T21:30:55 <sepidehshahi> and it\xe2\x80\x99s great to have him for the mind mapping activity
2016-04-04T21:32:01 <danayo> I'll be away the following week sepidehshahi, but you could start without me
2016-04-04T21:32:33 <sepidehshahi> ok, so lets just have one next week and then we can schedule the next one.
2016-04-04T21:32:37 <sepidehshahi> thanks danayo
2016-04-04T21:32:53 <danayo> sure, thanks sepidehshahi
2016-04-04T22:07:56 * Justin_o has quit
2016-04-04T22:10:29 * amatas has quit
2016-04-04T22:24:04 * gtirloni_ has quit
2016-04-04T22:29:53 * danayo has quit
2016-04-04T22:56:01 * colinclark has quit
2016-04-04T23:37:37 * danayo joined the channel
"

b'2016-04-04T03:38:44 * danayo has quit
2016-04-04T07:19:52 * amatas joined the channel
2016-04-04T11:03:45 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-04-04T11:48:18 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-04-04T12:46:15 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-04T12:55:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-04T13:02:04 * jhung joined the channel
2016-04-04T13:03:45 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-04-04T13:30:08 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T13:32:36 * colinclark has quit
2016-04-04T13:40:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-04T13:42:16 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T13:42:20 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-04-04T13:47:19 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-04-04T13:57:12 * clown joined the channel
2016-04-04T14:05:16 <sepidehshahi> good morning jhung, I only had a little bit of time to start a new concept for IDRC website last week. I have added it to the end of google slides.
2016-04-04T14:05:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-04-04T14:05:39 <sepidehshahi> do you want to go over these two concepts at the the design crit today, jhung?
2016-04-04T14:06:08 <jhung> sepidehshahi: great! Sure let\'s do that. I also have a PhET related issue to discuss as well at the design crit.
2016-04-04T14:06:42 <sepidehshahi> perfect jhung. I think we will have time for both
2016-04-04T14:12:31 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-04T14:12:49 <alanharnum> sepidehshahi: i\'ve put your email as the contact on the page at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Invitation+to+Participate+in+a+Research+Study - is that ok? I see you\'re the research team contact on the invitation / consent form.
2016-04-04T14:13:33 <sepidehshahi> that\xe2\x80\x99s absolutely fine alanharnum. thanks for putting this page together
2016-04-04T14:14:32 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-04T14:23:45 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-04T14:35:12 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T14:38:21 <sepidehshahi> alanharnum: please let me know when the twitter invite is out and then I can talk to Sam about it.
2016-04-04T14:38:49 <alanharnum> sepidehshahi: if no one objects to the tweet language i\'ll send it out this aft - will let you know
2016-04-04T14:39:21 <sepidehshahi> I have no objections:) this afternoon is fine. thanks
2016-04-04T14:39:26 <alanharnum> also trying to find out who has the idrc_ocadu account atm, since we should probably tweet it from there since that\'s the institutional account :)
2016-04-04T14:39:40 <sepidehshahi> that\xe2\x80\x99s right
2016-04-04T14:44:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-04-04T14:54:49 * michelled1 joined the channel
2016-04-04T14:56:50 * michelled has quit
2016-04-04T14:58:46 * michelled1 has quit
2016-04-04T14:58:58 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-04T15:03:49 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-04T15:41:51 <jhung> Jess_: after your workshop, I\'d love to hear about your experiences using the design cards in that setting. Could be helpful for situations similar to Edify in the future.
2016-04-04T15:42:03 <Jess_> totally! jhung
2016-04-04T15:43:55 * michelled has quit
2016-04-04T15:44:26 * michelled joined the channel
2016-04-04T15:44:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T15:50:36 * danayo has quit
2016-04-04T16:25:03 <alanharnum> colinclark - jhung & I are talking about his doing some CSS tweaking for the QI demo - he suggested it might be worth doing some mobile styles to show off the responsiveness of the charts. thoughts?
2016-04-04T16:26:11 <alanharnum> as the one actually taking care of themo
2016-04-04T16:26:13 <alanharnum> :)
2016-04-04T16:27:20 <colinclark> My thoughts?
2016-04-04T16:27:22 <colinclark> AWESOME!
2016-04-04T16:27:27 <colinclark> as long as it seems doable
2016-04-04T16:27:29 <colinclark> +1
2016-04-04T16:28:32 <jhung> colinclark: lol I had a feeling you\'d say that. It\'d add a bit of extra time for testing and coding, but I\'ll see what I can do.
2016-04-04T16:28:37 <colinclark> :)
2016-04-04T16:29:34 <colinclark> hey sonifiers, especially alanharnum and sepidehshahi: We should make sure to put all our meetings in the fluid-work Google calendar so that other people know when we\'re meeting and can listen in if they\'re interested.
2016-04-04T16:29:43 <colinclark> I was reminded of this when jhung mentioned it in standup today
2016-04-04T16:30:13 <alanharnum> colinclark sepidehshahi: did we want to move today\'s meeting? it sounded like Dana had a conflict
2016-04-04T16:30:20 <colinclark> yes
2016-04-04T16:30:29 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-04T16:30:34 <colinclark> That PGA meeting is important, so I think we should reschedule it.
2016-04-04T16:30:39 <alanharnum> ok
2016-04-04T16:30:42 <colinclark> michelled: Remind me when that meeting is over?
2016-04-04T16:31:43 <michelled> 4:00
2016-04-04T16:33:10 <alanharnum> i\'ve moved the meeting request to 4:30
2016-04-04T16:33:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T16:33:25 <colinclark> can you put it into the fluid calendar instead, alanharnum :)
2016-04-04T16:33:29 <colinclark> ?
2016-04-04T16:34:17 <alanharnum> done
2016-04-04T16:35:21 <colinclark> awesome!
2016-04-04T16:41:52 * danayo joined the channel
2016-04-04T16:55:08 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-04T16:57:53 <colinclark> hey danayo and Jess_, I\'d love to hear about edits you\'re thinking of for the design cards
2016-04-04T16:57:56 <colinclark> they\'re shaping up so awesomely
2016-04-04T17:00:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T17:01:45 <jhung> fluid-everyone: For design crit today we have IDRC web design directions and some PhET math abstraction to chat about.
2016-04-04T17:02:38 <Jess_> colinclark: the edits are simply grammar edits that i sent along. danayo and i have continued a conversation that sepidehshahi and i and others have had about the cards being digital design and development focused \xe2\x80\x94 or at least sounding that way. we\xe2\x80\x99d like to have language that is clear and inclusive of other uses. Carla from SP5 gave us some small feedback re: this \xe2\x80\x94 so did Neeta
2016-04-04T17:02:55 <colinclark> Great!
2016-04-04T17:03:48 <colinclark> Is there anywhere I can catch up on that thread at all? I\'m very interested!
2016-04-04T17:06:43 <Jess_> there isn\xe2\x80\x99t a thread \xe2\x80\x94 just that conversation this a.m. with danayo \xe2\x80\x94 the edits to the cards are still in the work in progress version i think in google docs
2016-04-04T17:09:41 <Jess_> and that\xe2\x80\x99s linked from the wiki page: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Inclusive+Design+Guidelines
2016-04-04T17:09:52 <Jess_> labeled as Content Layout Table and Lists (google doc)
2016-04-04T17:13:41 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T17:13:50 <sepidehshahi> jhung: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1D3G2mzSfMCSF0jVLQn8k3FcbNt0cQwA63wVaZDcwPl8/edit#slide=id.g1286e88206_0_0
2016-04-04T17:21:41 <sepidehshahi> danayo: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1D3G2mzSfMCSF0jVLQn8k3FcbNt0cQwA63wVaZDcwPl8/edit#slide=id.g11dc78817a_0_972
2016-04-04T17:25:51 <danayo> colinclark Jess_: the cuts/edits that sepidehshahi did to fit content to the cards are reflected only in the comments that sepi left on the google doc (and in the cards themselves on the wiki) - I\'ve been going through the cards themselves (in AI) and doing some further edits/adding content back in where needed
2016-04-04T17:26:06 <colinclark> cool
2016-04-04T17:26:26 <colinclark> The idea of including some blank cards in the deck is a really brilliant one
2016-04-04T17:27:21 <colinclark> a very clear invitation to contribute to them and showing how they\'re extensible and evolving
2016-04-04T17:31:13 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-04T17:53:05 <danayo> +1 colinclark, Jess_
2016-04-04T18:03:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T18:06:53 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-04T18:07:08 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T18:11:11 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-04T18:42:56 <Justin_o> gtirloni, avtar: was just looking at this and mentioned it in the design crit http://www.resourcespace.org
2016-04-04T18:43:13 <Justin_o> it\'s a digital asset management system
2016-04-04T18:43:40 <Justin_o> danayo, jhung, sepideh ^
2016-04-04T18:44:09 <alanharnum> this may be a good one in particular for looking at described video for animation: https://www.nfb.ca/film/pies
2016-04-04T18:45:27 <alanharnum> this is also an interesting one: https://www.nfb.ca/film/hen_hop
2016-04-04T18:45:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T18:47:13 <alanharnum> "a cow stands between two houses, having left behind a large cowpie, which a woman then slips on"
2016-04-04T18:52:27 <danayo> jhung, Justin_o: you\'ve probably considered this, but is it possible to use a dial-type control or circular/half-circle slider for John Travoltage, instead of a linear slider?
2016-04-04T18:57:07 <jhung> danayo: one of our decisions was to create a version of the simulation that can be interacted with using native HTML elements. Currently there aren\'t any native HTML circular controls like a volume dial.
2016-04-04T18:57:58 <danayo> makes sense jhung, thanks
2016-04-04T18:59:33 <jhung> danayo: that isn\'t to say we couldn\'t have made one ourselves. We were interested in stretching the use of native HTML as much as possible to better understand how it could be used in sims.
2016-04-04T19:01:36 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-04-04T19:12:51 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-04-04T19:18:26 * alanharnum has quit
2016-04-04T19:18:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-04-04T19:35:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-04-04T19:36:51 * jhung joined the channel
2016-04-04T19:48:05 <sepidehshahi> colinclark: if you wanted to use any of those persona template pages for the review as a SP2 partner, what type of information would be most useful for you?
2016-04-04T19:48:35 <sepidehshahi> I want to include some basic information and leave some sections for the SP2 and Sp3 leaders to fill out based on their project
2016-04-04T19:48:41 <colinclark> yes
2016-04-04T19:48:49 <colinclark> I guess I would want to have a very brief reminder of who the person was
2016-04-04T19:49:01 <colinclark> some of the needs, goals, or difficulties
2016-04-04T19:49:31 <sepidehshahi> great. thanks colinclark
2016-04-04T19:49:32 <colinclark> such that I could then have a space where I write some bullets about how my tool/project/solution/workpackage/thingy addressed that person\'s needs
2016-04-04T19:49:45 <sepidehshahi> perfect
2016-04-04T20:01:32 * jhung has quit
2016-04-04T20:06:56 * simonjb has quit
2016-04-04T20:14:39 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-04-04T20:19:00 * jhung joined the channel
2016-04-04T20:31:26 <alanharnum> colinclark danayo sepidehshahi - should we check in about the paper now?
2016-04-04T20:32:41 <danayo> yes alanharnum
2016-04-04T20:33:28 <colinclark> sure, where?
2016-04-04T20:33:48 <alanharnum> fluid standup on vidyo
2016-04-04T20:33:50 <alanharnum> it will be quick
2016-04-04T20:36:54 <alanharnum> colinclark danayo sepidehshahi: just got dropped from vidyo, coming back in
2016-04-04T20:38:39 * jhung has quit
2016-04-04T20:47:56 * cindyli has quit
2016-04-04T21:03:01 * alanharnum has quit
2016-04-04T21:03:24 * clown has quit
2016-04-04T21:05:19 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2016-04-04T21:09:59 * gtirloni has quit
2016-04-04T21:18:46 * simonjb has quit
2016-04-04T21:18:52 <danayo> sepidehshahi: by the way I mentioned the P4A use model and particularly the user journey maps to the PGA team today (and gave them the link to gpii wiki page) - they were looking for some guidance in how to map out scenarios of use for transitioning out of the FD tool and into a task and/or refinement tool
2016-04-04T21:19:05 <danayo> and Jess_ ^
2016-04-04T21:19:22 <danayo> I thought that would be helpful to them
2016-04-04T21:19:27 <sepidehshahi> great! hopefully those are useful to them
2016-04-04T21:19:58 <Jess_> cool
2016-04-04T21:20:16 <Jess_> danayo: obvi if they have feedback, it\xe2\x80\x99d be welcome
2016-04-04T21:20:28 <danayo> sure, I\'ll let them know
2016-04-04T21:20:34 <danayo> everything they need should be on the wiki, yes?
2016-04-04T21:20:47 <danayo> everything with regard to journey maps, that is :)
2016-04-04T21:20:54 <danayo> Jess_, sepidehshahi ^
2016-04-04T21:21:28 <sepidehshahi> yes everything we have is there Jess_
2016-04-04T21:21:59 <Jess_> er danayo ^
2016-04-04T21:22:16 <danayo> thanks
2016-04-04T21:25:32 <sepidehshahi> danayo: do you think we wil have the dashboard meeting tomorrow?
2016-04-04T21:27:36 <danayo> hmmmm
2016-04-04T21:28:30 <sepidehshahi> I just need to let Neeta know in advance so she can stay in her studio. If we want to postpone it that\xe2\x80\x99s totally fine
'

