b'2016-03-08T00:22:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-08T00:27:48 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-08T00:35:13 * danayo has quit
2016-03-08T03:30:18 * PaliwalSparsh joined the channel
2016-03-08T04:55:32 * PaliwalSparsh has quit
2016-03-08T08:51:44 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-08T09:17:29 * wgoh_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T09:19:07 * wgoh_ has quit
2016-03-08T13:09:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:10:47 * jhung joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:16:27 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-08T13:57:02 * jessm joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:21:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:22:47 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:25:21 <sepidehshahi> good morning jhung, I remember you made some changes to the general structure of the website on the google doc during the design crit but I still see the older version on the google doc. Is there any other document I should work off of?
2016-03-08T14:28:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:31:04 <jhung> sepidehshahi:  all the changes should be there. Let me check it.
2016-03-08T14:32:12 <jhung> sepidehshahi: all my changes are there. Maybe refresh the page?
2016-03-08T14:33:05 <sepidehshahi> so the service are just services and not guides and services?
2016-03-08T14:34:00 <sepidehshahi> jhung^
2016-03-08T14:34:39 <jhung> sepidehshahi: that was my understanding from the conversation. The guides content would be referenced from the "Getting started\xe2\x80\xa6" and "What is inclusive design\xe2\x80\xa6" pages.
2016-03-08T14:35:01 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:35:05 <sepidehshahi> oh, ok. great, so my version is up to date then:) thanks jhung
2016-03-08T14:35:15 <jhung> Cool sepidehshahi. Thanks!
2016-03-08T14:40:27 * dins has quit
2016-03-08T14:43:40 * dins joined the channel
2016-03-08T14:49:17 <avtar> fluid-everyone: just following up regarding a potential offer from avocode.com https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-design/2016-02-24/?msg=60825206&page=1
2016-03-08T14:49:59 <avtar> if there\'s any interest in trying out their software and service i can let them know but i\'ll need a headcount to proceed
2016-03-08T14:52:23 <Justin_o> avtar: they need to know ahead of time how many people will be able to add/modify files?
2016-03-08T14:52:55 <avtar> yes
2016-03-08T14:55:24 <Justin_o> avtar: would that be an issue for working with collaborators in the future?
2016-03-08T14:57:37 <avtar> Justin_o: possibly. i guess it depends on the workflow involved and if collaborators right now share storage with people at the idrc
2016-03-08T14:58:12 <avtar> *right now or in the future
2016-03-08T14:58:24 <Justin_o> avtar: okay... i guess we\'d need to see how it works to figure all that out...
2016-03-08T14:58:43 <Justin_o> avtar: do you know how many slots we might be able to get?
2016-03-08T14:59:03 <avtar> unfortunately no :/
2016-03-08T14:59:30 <avtar> the only reply i received from them was a request for more info about planned usage
2016-03-08T15:03:19 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:10:37 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:12:40 * klown joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:20:51 <sepidehshahi> jhung: in the research page, we have several page sections. Are they actually links to sub pages for the Research page?
2016-03-08T15:25:17 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-03-08T15:37:18 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:02:52 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-08T16:03:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:29:39 * jessm has quit
2016-03-08T16:32:02 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-08T16:33:31 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-08T16:41:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:43:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-08T16:44:28 <jhung> sepidehshahi: sorry I missed your message.
2016-03-08T16:44:43 <jhung> The sections under Research are sections within the page.
2016-03-08T16:44:49 <jhung> Not new pages.
2016-03-08T16:45:32 <sepidehshahi> oh, no problem jhung. sure. are available to meet after the PhET meeting this afternon to go over the map?
2016-03-08T16:46:00 <jhung> Sure. The PhET meeting ends around 3:30p. I\'ll ping you afterwards sepidehshahi.
2016-03-08T16:46:38 <sepidehshahi> If that\xe2\x80\x99s end of your day, we can talk tomorrow
2016-03-08T16:48:36 <jhung> ok sounds good sepidehshahi
2016-03-08T16:48:53 <sepidehshahi> sure
2016-03-08T17:04:23 * michelled has quit
2016-03-08T17:16:38 <jhung> sepidehshahi: I just realized that we will need a news archive page for really old news content. I\'ll add that to the google doc now.
2016-03-08T17:18:38 <sepidehshahi> jhung: do we really need that section? what if we just show the recent news on the main page and on the bottom user have the option to go back?
2016-03-08T17:19:44 <jhung> sepidehshahi: what do you mean by "go back"?
2016-03-08T17:20:45 * dins has quit
2016-03-08T17:22:58 <sepidehshahi> something similar to show more/show older function, you can scroll back and forth between old and recent news.
2016-03-08T17:23:22 <sepidehshahi> jhung: ^
2016-03-08T17:24:25 <jhung> Ah. Part of the issue is that there may be a lot of news articles to migrate from the old site. So trying to find or get to a particular news item would be an issue. Not sure how often it\'s done, but it could happen.
2016-03-08T17:24:29 <jhung> thoughts sepidehshahi?
2016-03-08T17:27:49 <sepidehshahi> that\xe2\x80\x99s a good point jhung. sure we can have an archive section for the older news
2016-03-08T17:28:23 <jhung> sepidehshahi: cool.
2016-03-08T17:33:34 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-08T18:02:58 * michelled joined the channel
2016-03-08T18:54:50 * klown has quit
2016-03-08T18:57:06 <alanharnum> jhung, if it\'s OK for me to listen in on the PHET meeting, what are the details to join?
2016-03-08T18:57:59 <jhung> alanharnum: I forgot to ask! :( But I\'m sure it is fine. I\'ll make sure to introduce you. Sorry about that. I\'ll PM you a link to the meeting.
2016-03-08T18:58:03 <jhung> It uses Citrix.
2016-03-08T18:58:15 <alanharnum> thanks
2016-03-08T18:58:54 * clown_ joined the channel
2016-03-08T18:59:27 * clown_ is now known as clown
2016-03-08T19:22:01 <Justin_o> danayo: what do you think should happen to the explore tool for settings that the FD tool has but aren\'t present in the Explore tool... e.g. white on black high contrast, the various options for text size, etc.
2016-03-08T19:25:39 <danayo> Justin_o ideally I think the user would get a message/warning (and be pointed to the most appropriate/related setting, or have this applied automatically - much debate about this approach in Cloud4All)
2016-03-08T19:25:58 <danayo> i.e. whether or not to apply the "next best thing"
2016-03-08T19:26:03 <danayo> which is the job of the matchmakers
2016-03-08T19:26:29 <Justin_o> danayo: okay, cool thanks.. i think the explore tool is applying the next best thing for now.. at least in the case of the contrast
2016-03-08T19:26:31 <danayo> but, a simple approach would be a message :)
2016-03-08T19:26:42 <danayo> oh, ok
2016-03-08T19:27:06 <danayo> right, in that case I guess it\'s easy to identify what is the "next best thing", Justin_o
2016-03-08T19:27:10 <danayo> because it\'s so limited
2016-03-08T19:27:22 <Justin_o> danayo: yes, true..
2016-03-08T19:27:29 <danayo> vs. something like turning on TTS to replace a contrast setting
2016-03-08T19:27:52 <Justin_o> yes.. for other things like onscreen keyboard or show sounds.. i\'m pretty sure it just ignores the setting
2016-03-08T19:31:19 * clown has quit
2016-03-08T19:31:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-08T19:35:22 <danayo> right
2016-03-08T19:42:02 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-08T19:42:22 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2016-03-08T20:19:13 <sepidehshahi> danayo: all the principles and practices tagged with a green G are moved to the GPII wiki and the table of content is in place for the others. https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Inclusive_Design_Guide
2016-03-08T20:19:29 <sepidehshahi> Let me know when others are ready to be moved.
2016-03-08T20:20:26 <danayo> thanks sepidehshahi
2016-03-08T20:23:26 * Yan_Hu has quit
2016-03-08T20:33:57 <jhung> sepidehshahi: Chat in 5 minutes?
2016-03-08T20:34:06 <sepidehshahi> sure
2016-03-08T20:37:31 <jhung> ready now sepidehshahi
2016-03-08T20:37:37 <sepidehshahi> ok
2016-03-08T20:51:05 * clown_mtg has quit
2016-03-08T20:51:11 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-08T20:54:40 * clown has quit
2016-03-08T20:57:59 <jhung> sepidehshahi: http://websavvy.idrc.ocadu.ca/
2016-03-08T20:59:07 <Justin_o> danayo: not sure if you\'ve noticed but I\'ve pinged you on a couple pull requests
2016-03-08T21:02:20 <danayo> hey Justin_o sorry I missed that
2016-03-08T21:02:22 <danayo> I see one
2016-03-08T21:02:31 <danayo> 5689
2016-03-08T21:07:04 <danayo> Justin_o I\'m not sure I understand your comment
2016-03-08T21:07:18 <danayo> it seems like it should have the tooltip for the current page link even on page load
2016-03-08T21:11:17 <Justin_o> danayo: if you load up the pager demo, the initial current page doesn\'t have any tooltips when you focus/hover, but if you change the page the new "current" page link does
2016-03-08T21:11:28 <danayo> ah
2016-03-08T21:11:29 <danayo> got it
2016-03-08T21:13:21 <jhung> sepidehshahi: http://www.visualsitemapper.com/map/idrc.ocadu.ca
2016-03-08T21:14:22 <danayo> I agree Justin_o
2016-03-08T21:14:59 <danayo> can\'t seem to figure out where to comment on this Justin_o can you send me Github link?
2016-03-08T21:15:22 <Justin_o> danayo: here\'s the other pr i pinged you on https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/674#issuecomment-192294774
2016-03-08T21:15:30 <Justin_o> i\'ll find you the link to the one we just talked about
2016-03-08T21:15:52 <Justin_o> danayo: here\'s the one for FLUID-5689 https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/677
2016-03-08T21:16:06 <danayo> thanks Justin_o, i have to run to an appointment but I\'ll look at these afterards
2016-03-08T21:18:30 <Justin_o> danayo: thanks
2016-03-08T21:19:29 * danayo has quit
2016-03-08T21:24:31 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-08T21:40:06 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-08T21:51:25 <jhung> sepidehshahi: I\'m heading offline. The diagram is looking good! :) I\'ve updated the google doc based on the discussion we had.
2016-03-08T21:52:01 <sepidehshahi> Awesome! we will continue updating after the community meeting tomorrow. thanks jhung
2016-03-08T21:55:18 <jhung> thanks sepidehshahi. ttyl
2016-03-08T22:04:57 * clown has quit
2016-03-08T22:24:03 * gtirloni has quit
2016-03-08T22:26:08 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-03-08T22:28:34 * michelled has quit
2016-03-08T22:32:01 * amatas has quit
2016-03-08T23:37:46 * Justin_o has quit
'

