b'2016-07-19T17:16:43 <michelled> Maybe add Pressbooks to the partnerships area on the floe project site
2016-07-19T17:17:09 <michelled> jessm: we weren\'t sure whether or not to add Pressbooks to the partnerships area on the floe site. do you have an opinion?
2016-07-19T17:21:10 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-19T17:23:38 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-07-19T17:30:02 <danayo> michelled: I will have an updated version of that FD game for you tomorrow - PaliwalSparsh is working on some fixes etc
2016-07-19T17:30:29 <michelled> great!
2016-07-19T17:30:45 <michelled> danayo: hopefully you can join us for the team meeting Jutta mentioned on Thursday
2016-07-19T17:30:53 <michelled> she said 11 eastern
2016-07-19T17:31:11 <danayo> oh great, thanks michelled
2016-07-19T17:40:12 <jhung> danayo, sepidehshahi - if neither of you have any comments regarding the Sonification Authoring content, I\'m going to go and merge it now with the ILDH. See: https://jhung.github.io/docs-inclusive-learning/AuthoringOfContent.html
2016-07-19T17:41:32 <danayo> looks great to me jhung
2016-07-19T17:42:57 <sepidehshahi> looks good to me too jhung, thanks for adding it to the ILDH
2016-07-19T17:47:10 <jhung> thanks danayo sepidehshahi.
2016-07-19T18:04:33 <jessm> michelled: in my opinion they should be added. why aren\xe2\x80\x99t you sure?
2016-07-19T18:05:37 <danayo> jhung, pushed changes and issued pull request
2016-07-19T18:06:18 <jhung> danayo: awesome. I\'ll take a look.
2016-07-19T18:06:39 <danayo> thanks
2016-07-19T18:16:54 <jhung> danayo: merged. Looks good.
2016-07-19T18:17:14 <danayo> great, thanks jhung
2016-07-19T18:17:33 <jhung> the changes should be live now. can you confirm danayo.
2016-07-19T18:18:33 <jhung> michelled: I\'ll update the Floe page now. Where is the self-assessment demo?
2016-07-19T18:18:47 <jhung> sepidehshahi so you know? ^
2016-07-19T18:19:01 <danayo> confirmed jhung
2016-07-19T18:19:27 <danayo> self-assess links are on this wiki page jhung michelled
2016-07-19T18:19:29 <danayo> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28Floe%29+Self-Assessment+Learning+Toolkit+Design
2016-07-19T18:19:56 <danayo> there are 2
2016-07-19T18:20:03 <jhung> Thanks danayo. I was looking here and it wasn\'t obvious\xe2\x80\xa6 https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28Floe%29+Preference+Exploration+and+Self-Assessment
2016-07-19T18:20:07 <danayo> yes
2016-07-19T18:20:15 <danayo> jhung, need to update to add a link from there
2016-07-19T18:20:22 <danayo> also - were you looking for prototypes, or the demo itself?
2016-07-19T18:20:29 <danayo> just realised it might be the latter, jhung
2016-07-19T18:20:50 <jhung> yeah. Demo probably danayo
2016-07-19T18:20:55 <sepidehshahi> jhung: can I give you the links for the final dashboard demos tomorrow morning? we are doing one last round of updates tonight and will have the final links by tomorrow morning
2016-07-19T18:21:09 <sepidehshahi> the current links on the wiki have some bugs
2016-07-19T18:21:16 <sepidehshahi> jhung: ^
2016-07-19T18:21:21 <danayo> sepidehshahi: i think jhung wants the demo that alan is working on?
2016-07-19T18:21:29 <jhung> ok sepidehshahi. Thanks. I\'ll work on the other updates in the meantime.
2016-07-19T18:22:00 <sepidehshahi> oh, ok danayo. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know where that link is jhung
2016-07-19T18:22:30 <danayo> nor do I, jhung
2016-07-19T18:23:06 <danayo> and I\'lll update that wiki landing page jhung - with a link to the use case/prototype page
2016-07-19T18:24:05 <jhung> ok\xe2\x80\xa6 so do we have a demo? I\'m confused danayo, sepidehshahi. :D
2016-07-19T18:24:42 <danayo> yes we have both interactive prototypes and a working demo jhung
2016-07-19T18:24:47 <danayo> the demo won\'t be fully styled
2016-07-19T18:25:01 <danayo> but demonstrates some of the functionality
2016-07-19T18:25:12 <danayo> some of the more complex functionality I\'d say
2016-07-19T18:25:24 <jhung> ok. So on the Floe page we should probably link to both then?
2016-07-19T18:25:41 <danayo> yeah, I think that\'s a good idea jhung. sepidehshahi, what do you think?
2016-07-19T18:26:48 <sepidehshahi> that\xe2\x80\x99s right jhung and danayo. I think Alan is still working on styling the demo and the link might not be ready yet.
2016-07-19T18:27:33 <jhung> ok danayo, sepidehshahi. I\'ll wait for those links. I\'ll work on other updates in the meantime. Thanks! :)
2016-07-19T18:28:14 <sepidehshahi> thanks jhung
2016-07-19T18:31:01 * clown has quit
2016-07-19T18:32:18 <michelled> jhung: I suspect we won\'t have a link to the demo this week
2016-07-19T18:42:07 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-19T18:42:12 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2016-07-19T18:48:24 <jhung> jessm: re PressBooks on the Floe site. Would the following description be sufficient? "Pressbooks: Collaborating on accessible content and themes."?
2016-07-19T19:06:54 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-19T19:08:32 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-19T19:10:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T19:40:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T19:46:25 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-07-19T20:04:47 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-19T20:05:39 <jessm> jhung: sure \xe2\x80\x94 that sounds good. i think it will change with rebus but we can modify it then. will that be fairly easy?
2016-07-19T20:06:22 <jhung> Yes. Easily changed jessm
2016-07-19T20:08:36 <jessm> jhung: great
2016-07-19T20:11:53 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-19T20:32:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T20:45:56 <danayo> jhung, one thing I notice with the guide site is that sometimes, when a contrast theme has been applied, and a new tab is selected, it flashes to the default color view for a split second first
2016-07-19T20:46:03 <danayo> it doesn\'t happen all the time
2016-07-19T20:46:20 <jhung> danayo: yes, it has to do with the transition effect on that tab.
2016-07-19T20:47:00 <jhung> The only real solution is to remove transition effects danayo.
2016-07-19T20:48:31 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-19T20:48:56 <danayo> I\'m not sure exactly what that means jhung - to remove the transition effect
2016-07-19T20:50:29 <jhung> The problem is the background colour transitions when themes are changed, and when you hover. For that split second the colour changes, the colour of the SVG doesn\'t match\xe2\x80\xa6 causing it to "flash" danayo.
2016-07-19T20:52:27 <danayo> jhung it seems the whole page flashes, not just the svgs
2016-07-19T20:53:28 <danayo> in safari it seems to store the transformed page or something - because it only does it the first time
2016-07-19T20:53:44 <danayo> but in chrome it seems random
2016-07-19T20:55:43 <jhung> danayo: Ah, I think this is a known issue. There may already be a Jira for it.
2016-07-19T20:56:05 <danayo> ok jhung
2016-07-19T20:57:19 <jhung> danayo: can you check to see if there\'s a Jira? If not create a new one so we can fix it at some point.
2016-07-19T20:57:43 <danayo> will do jhung
2016-07-19T20:57:48 <danayo> also I just realised we lost the currently-selected item styling for the sidebar jhung
2016-07-19T20:58:13 <jhung> I was wondering about that danayo. It was removed in the last commit.
2016-07-19T20:58:25 <jhung> There was a 0.3rem left border previously.
2016-07-19T20:58:38 <danayo> ohhhh interesting
2016-07-19T20:58:52 <danayo> i removed that because it was showing up on the tabs
2016-07-19T20:58:54 <danayo> as well
2016-07-19T20:59:34 <danayo> I\'ll try to add that back in so that it applies to the sidebar only jhung
2016-07-19T21:00:04 <jhung> Oh. Okay. In that case we\'d just need to be more specific with that style. We should give it a rule like: .sidebar .active-topic { border-left: 0.3rem solid foreground-color; }
2016-07-19T21:00:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-19T21:01:06 <jhung> I\'m going to head offline shortly danayo. I\'ll be back online later tonight.
2016-07-19T21:01:44 <danayo> alright jhung
2016-07-19T21:01:49 <danayo> see you
2016-07-19T21:07:38 * michelled has quit
2016-07-19T21:31:22 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-19T21:54:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-19T22:04:02 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-19T22:04:02 * jhung has quit
2016-07-19T22:35:29 * gtirloni has quit
2016-07-19T22:47:00 * danayo has quit
2016-07-19T23:33:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

b'2016-07-19T00:03:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T00:35:07 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-19T01:05:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T01:16:15 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-19T01:33:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-19T02:00:44 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-19T02:27:05 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-19T02:36:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T03:38:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T04:39:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T04:47:22 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-19T06:00:52 * amatas joined the channel
2016-07-19T11:11:28 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-07-19T11:28:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T11:52:59 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-19T12:32:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-19T12:40:19 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-19T13:03:13 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-19T13:12:45 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-07-19T13:15:46 * jessm joined the channel
2016-07-19T13:16:38 <simonjb> hi jhung, do you have a little time to talk about Nexus and PhET?
2016-07-19T13:19:35 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-19T13:19:42 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-19T13:20:19 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-19T13:25:21 <jhung> simonjb: sure. now okay?
2016-07-19T13:25:36 <simonjb> jhung: sure
2016-07-19T13:25:55 <simonjb> michelled: are you available at the moment?
2016-07-19T13:26:23 <michelled> simonjb: I\'m in another meeting
2016-07-19T13:26:48 <simonjb> no problem michelled
2016-07-19T13:27:11 <simonjb> jhung: let\'s chat here and michelled can catch up later
2016-07-19T13:27:51 <jhung> sure simonjb
2016-07-19T13:27:53 <simonjb> I wanted to include michelled to get her guidance in terms of priorities
2016-07-19T13:28:32 <simonjb> I will be meeting with Alan this afternoon to set up a Nexus demo for tj\'s visit
2016-07-19T13:28:37 <michelled> I can meet here, if that works. Or else I should be free after the p4a call - so 11
2016-07-19T13:28:59 <simonjb> jhung: do you have a preference?
2016-07-19T13:30:04 <jhung> simonjb: I\'m fine either way. IRC works.
2016-07-19T13:30:21 <simonjb> cool, let\'s do IRC then
2016-07-19T13:30:34 <simonjb> jhung: what did you have in mind in terms of work and timing?
2016-07-19T13:32:03 <jhung> simonjb: it\'s flexible. What I was thinking was for Jesse and Taliesin to see the demo. It\'ll be good if it\'s the same time as TJ so we don\'t have to do it again.
2016-07-19T13:32:39 <jhung> simonjb: then on Friday I was kicking around the idea of doing a quick hackathon to get something from John Travoltage working with the Nexus as a proof of concept.
2016-07-19T13:32:40 <simonjb> ok, I think that\'s going to be Thursday morning
2016-07-19T13:32:55 <jhung> simonjb: that works fine.
2016-07-19T13:33:24 <simonjb> jhung: will you be in the office on Thursday and Friday?
2016-07-19T13:34:09 <jhung> Yes simonjb.
2016-07-19T13:34:12 <simonjb> cool
2016-07-19T13:34:54 <simonjb> I think it would be fun to hack on the Nexus on Friday but I\'d need to see what michelled thought -- there\'s important APCP work to do
2016-07-19T13:35:54 <jhung> simonjb: I understand. No worries.
2016-07-19T13:36:01 <michelled> that\'s such a hard question. we are certainly under time pressure for APCP
2016-07-19T13:36:11 <michelled> jhung: can jesse and justin do the work?
2016-07-19T13:36:19 <michelled> how much of simonjb\'s time do you need?
2016-07-19T13:38:32 <jhung> michelled: If we can get an hour of simonjb\'s time on Friday so we can get a quick hands-on tutorial I think that would be great.
2016-07-19T13:39:07 <michelled> that sounds fine to me
2016-07-19T13:39:11 <michelled> simonjb: sound good to you?
2016-07-19T13:39:23 <simonjb> yeah, that sounds good to me too
2016-07-19T13:39:35 <michelled> very cool - Nexus is so exciting!
2016-07-19T13:40:02 <simonjb> looking forward to it!
2016-07-19T13:40:14 <jhung> simonjb: do you have a preference for time? Morning? Afternoon?
2016-07-19T13:40:58 <simonjb> jhung: I think as early as possible to give the most time afterwards -- early morning?
2016-07-19T13:41:11 <simonjb> 9 or 10?
2016-07-19T13:41:46 <jhung> ok simonjb I\'ll confirm that with justin_o and Jesse tomorrow. Thanks a lot!
2016-07-19T13:42:10 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-19T13:44:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T13:44:32 <sepidehshahi> Good morning jhung, do you know if we are going to have the design crit this morning? lliskovoi is open to presenting rough ideas for IDRC website either this week or next week. Couple of people are in other meetings and can\xe2\x80\x99t join the crit
2016-07-19T13:45:29 <jhung> sepidehshahi: we should meet even if it\'s a short meeting. lliskovoi do you have something to chat about?
2016-07-19T13:45:45 <sepidehshahi> sure jhung
2016-07-19T13:46:33 <jhung> I\'ll send an email out.
2016-07-19T13:46:40 <lliskovoi> hung, I have some ideas to share on typography, colour and a couple of layout mockups, would be great to get feedback from everyone.
2016-07-19T13:46:50 <jhung> sure lliskovoi
2016-07-19T13:46:56 <jhung> sounds good!
2016-07-19T13:47:03 <lliskovoi> great, thanks!
2016-07-19T13:56:33 <jhung> fluid-everyone: for today\'s design crit we will be looking at some updated mockups for the IDRC website, as well as typography and colours. Join us in the fluid-standup Vidyo room in 5 minutes if you\'re interested.
2016-07-19T13:58:38 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:00:11 * amatas has quit
2016-07-19T14:02:19 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:05:50 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-19T14:05:50 * lliskovoi_ is now known as lliskovoi
2016-07-19T14:05:57 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:13:39 * Bosmon has quit
2016-07-19T14:17:18 * Bosmon joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:28:12 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:32:46 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:33:25 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:46:55 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:54:12 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-19T14:54:32 <danayo> jhung, did you see my email about the guide site? i wonder if you could help me update my version and then I could push those changes?
2016-07-19T14:55:28 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:56:23 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:56:35 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-19T14:57:13 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-19T14:57:44 <jhung> danayo: I can walk you through how to do the forking etc.
2016-07-19T14:57:59 <danayo> that would be great jhung
2016-07-19T14:58:08 <danayo> do you have time now?
2016-07-19T14:58:12 <jhung> sure danayo
2016-07-19T14:59:23 <alanharn_> danayo jhung: wow, the Guide looks fantastic
2016-07-19T14:59:27 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-07-19T14:59:29 <danayo> :D
2016-07-19T14:59:31 <alanharnum> great work
2016-07-19T14:59:40 <danayo> thanks alanharnum
2016-07-19T14:59:52 <jhung> An interesting article about players wanting better accessibility in Pokemon Go! http://www.polygon.com/2016/7/18/12214664/pokemon-go-players-with-physical-disabilities-want-better
2016-07-19T15:00:12 <alanharnum> are we at the point where i can tweet out a link to it or are we waiting until after Thursday to start publicizing?
2016-07-19T15:02:55 <alanharnum> danayo jhung: one thing I did just notice - the "edit this Page on GitHub" links are broken. looks like they\'re using guides.inclusivedesign.ca for the repo name when it should be guide.inclusivedesign.ca
2016-07-19T15:07:34 <alanharnum> should have a PR shortly to fix the issue
2016-07-19T15:13:30 <michelled> I don\'t think we are waiting to publicize
2016-07-19T15:22:06 <jhung> thanks for catching that alanharnum. danayo - can you make that fix while you\'re working on the tab styling? The github URL is defined in the docpad.js file.
2016-07-19T15:22:18 <alanharnum> jhung: I made a PR to fix it
2016-07-19T15:22:28 <jhung> oh. even better alanharnum
2016-07-19T15:22:29 <jhung> thanks
2016-07-19T15:22:42 <alanharnum> so it should just need to be merged
2016-07-19T15:22:43 <jhung> I\'ll take a look and merge that now alanharnum. danayo ignore what I said. :)
2016-07-19T15:23:00 <alanharnum> i wanted to understand how it worked and figured i might as well PR it while i was looking at it :)
2016-07-19T15:23:21 <jhung> thanks and merged.
2016-07-19T15:24:04 <jhung> btw danayo, alanharnum - I\'ve updated the authoring page. You can preview the changes here: https://jhung.github.io/docs-inclusive-learning/AuthoringOfContent.html
2016-07-19T15:24:27 <jhung> Let me know if there are any edits. I\'ll be creating a pull request for it.
2016-07-19T15:24:59 <jhung> Pull request is here: https://github.com/fluid-project/docs-inclusive-learning/pull/10
2016-07-19T15:29:53 <danayo> thanks jhung and alanharnum - roger all that
2016-07-19T15:30:09 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-19T15:47:01 <colinclark> jhung: I\'d love to see your slides for tomorrow\'s sonification kick-off meeting if you want to share them
2016-07-19T15:48:17 <jhung> colinclark: here it is. It\'s work in progress https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19tce8iGsjGTByEki4jT1MD7UPGyu0ztA7aEk68J0P_Y/edit?usp=sharing
2016-07-19T15:51:35 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-07-19T15:55:13 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-19T16:07:27 <danayo> michelled:  here is the link to latest FD game https://cdn.rawgit.com/PaliwalSparsh/Discovery-Cat/5b1265ef16b99801cdc41969ad0937a703f50aa5/demo/index.html
2016-07-19T16:07:51 <danayo> very much a work in progress
2016-07-19T16:08:02 <michelled> thx danayo!
2016-07-19T16:09:20 <michelled> jhung: did you have the updated link for john travoltage?
2016-07-19T16:24:24 <jhung> just testing it now michelled
2016-07-19T16:25:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-19T16:27:44 <jhung> michelled: here it is http://www.colorado.edu/physics/phet/dev/html/john-travoltage/1.3.0-dev.5/john-travoltage_en.html?sonification=2&accessibility
2016-07-19T16:28:04 <michelled> thanks jhung
2016-07-19T16:28:05 <jhung> it works better now in FF.
2016-07-19T16:28:18 <jhung> So Chrome and FF are the two browsers I\'d show it on.
2016-07-19T16:28:23 <michelled> cool
2016-07-19T16:38:55 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-07-19T16:41:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-19T16:45:53 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-19T16:47:58 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-19T17:07:05 <sepidehshahi> jhung: I was just checking out the PhET demos. The John Travoltage demo\xe2\x80\x99s new sonifications is awesome!!! the sound of rubbing and also the accumulation of electrons is really great! Do you know how I can enable the sonification on the energy skatepark demo?
2016-07-19T17:07:52 <jhung> sepidehshahi: there is no sonification yet for Energy Skate Park. We\'re still in the early design / research with that.
2016-07-19T17:09:43 <sepidehshahi> cool! but the John Travoltage turned out really good. You could show it to Maria some time to get her feedback specially since she has plyed with the previous versions.
2016-07-19T17:10:30 <jhung> Yes definitely sepidehshahi. I\'m hoping she would have time this week to play around with it while Jesse and Taliesin are in town.
2016-07-19T17:11:57 <sepidehshahi> Hopefully she will have time. You may want to send her an email so she can plan her transit jhung
2016-07-19T17:12:31 <jhung> sepidehshahi: for sure. I\'m doing that now.
2016-07-19T17:12:43 <sepidehshahi> awesome!
2016-07-19T17:14:52 <jhung> michelled: urk!
2016-07-19T17:15:15 <jhung> michelled: just realized \xe2\x80\xa6 do we need to update the Floe site? Any sites need updating?
2016-07-19T17:15:32 <michelled> good question jhung
2016-07-19T17:16:17 <michelled> there were 3 items on the iteration page jhung
2016-07-19T17:16:42 <michelled> Update the link to self assessment on the floe project site to either the designs directly or the demo or the prototype
2016-07-19T17:16:42 <michelled> \xc2\xa0
2016-07-19T17:16:42 <michelled> Update the link to the design guidelines on the floe project site
2016-07-19T17:16:43 <michelled> \xc2\xa0
'

