b'2016-11-04T02:40:45 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-04T05:16:58 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-11-04T07:22:49 * amatas joined the channel
2016-11-04T11:02:16 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-04T11:52:07 * jhung joined the channel
2016-11-04T12:10:08 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-11-04T12:22:06 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-11-04T12:56:22 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-11-04T13:02:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-04T13:03:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-11-04T13:33:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-04T13:43:31 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-04T14:17:26 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: I\'ve been working on FLUID-6028. The best i could do so far results in the header for the file queue now scrolling with the file rows if you have a long set of files to upload. I\'ve filed a PR ( https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/778 ) for the work so far but want to get opinions on if this is an acceptable solution for the
2016-11-04T14:17:27 <Justin_o> release. we could also file a new JIRA to look into the headers further post release.
2016-11-04T14:45:17 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2016-11-04T14:54:39 <Justin_o> jhung: did you have thoughts on this ^
2016-11-04T15:01:28 <jhung> I\'ll add that to my list of things to look at Justin_o
2016-11-04T15:02:02 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2016-11-04T15:21:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-04T15:53:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-04T15:56:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-11-04T15:59:33 <colinclark> hey jhung
2016-11-04T15:59:47 <colinclark> I have a can of worms here I\'m hesitant to open, but wanted to get your advice :)
2016-11-04T15:59:57 <colinclark> I\'m headed off to Microsoft and Amazon next week
2016-11-04T16:00:14 <colinclark> and I was thinking, especially for the latter, it would be great to show off our inclusive design guide cards :)
2016-11-04T16:00:27 <colinclark> but it\'s pretty onerous to print them, isn\'t it?
2016-11-04T16:04:27 <jhung> It\'s not too bad colinclark. Right now we\'ve been using the last good PDF version and we ask Pat to print them for us. This is what we\'re doing until the kinks are ironed out of the automatic version and reviewed.
2016-11-04T16:05:21 <colinclark> I feel really bad asking Pat to print them again so soon
2016-11-04T16:05:34 <colinclark> but it seems that all the ones we printed and cut disappeared to OpenEd
2016-11-04T16:06:19 <colinclark> When we feel like we\'re ready for a "1.0 release," we can get them professionally printed
2016-11-04T16:06:26 <jhung> colinclark, I think we should have Pat teach some of us how to do the printing since we often run into situations where we need cards.
2016-11-04T16:06:27 <colinclark> no more hand chopping, jhung :)
2016-11-04T16:06:32 <colinclark> yeah, exactly
2016-11-04T16:06:47 <colinclark> right now the website version isn\'t quite ready for prime time, right?
2016-11-04T16:07:08 <jhung> colinclark: yeah not yet. The primary issue is with the length of content on some cards.
2016-11-04T16:07:24 <colinclark> right
2016-11-04T16:07:26 <colinclark> that\'s cool
2016-11-04T16:08:53 <jhung> colinclark: I\'ll see about getting some volunteers to learn the printing process from Pat. Then we can ask her to teach and print a new set for us?
2016-11-04T16:09:06 <colinclark> that makes a ton of sense, yes
2016-11-04T16:09:08 <colinclark> thanks jhung
2016-11-04T16:09:17 <colinclark> so shall i go ahead and ask her to print a few more copies
2016-11-04T16:09:30 <colinclark> and we\'ll lock at least one up in a secret "emergency design guide" locker?
2016-11-04T16:09:32 <colinclark> :)
2016-11-04T16:10:12 <jhung> "In case of un-announced tour, break glass"
2016-11-04T16:10:18 <colinclark> yes :) :)
2016-11-04T16:20:19 * michelled has quit
2016-11-04T16:27:24 <jhung> I was thinking, maybe instead of printing on 8.5x11 pages, we could buy pages which are already pre-cut. Example 5x8" blank index cards. https://www.amazon.com/Oxford-Index-Cards-Blank-10005EE/dp/B005E8MW3Q/ref=sr_1_3?s=office-products&ie=UTF8&qid=1478276736&sr=1-3&refinements=p_n_location_browse-bin%3A7803860011
2016-11-04T16:27:58 <jhung> Of course this will require reformatting our print layout a little, but it won\'t be a problem once the automatic version is working well.
2016-11-04T16:39:54 <Justin_o> jhung: you might want to look at this http://www.myth.io
2016-11-04T16:45:13 <jhung> Justin_o: thanks! Worth looking into. Could help make things a little easier to maintain.
2016-11-04T16:45:44 <Justin_o> jhung: yah, it\'s another option to consider
2016-11-04T16:49:33 * michelled joined the channel
2016-11-04T16:53:27 <colinclark> jhung, that\'s a really good idea, printing onto cards that are already the size we want
2016-11-04T16:57:23 <jhung> colinclark: I\'ll look into getting an alternate print size into what I\'ve been working on. Unfortunately it won\'t be in time for your trip. Also if Pat isn\'t around I\'ll point you to the latest PDF version we\'ve been using.
2016-11-04T16:59:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-04T17:01:00 * David123_ joined the channel
2016-11-04T17:02:07 * Kobi joined the channel
2016-11-04T17:04:22 <colinclark> jhung: Thanks, and no worries
2016-11-04T17:04:47 <colinclark> Sounds like Pat won\'t be back until Tuesday, so I\'m not sure what my best option is\xe2\x80\x94maybe just take the PDF to a photocopy place?
2016-11-04T17:04:55 <colinclark> how many pages is it?
2016-11-04T17:05:07 <jhung> colinclark: 40 in total I think?
2016-11-04T17:05:12 <jhung> ~about
2016-11-04T17:05:47 <colinclark> ok
2016-11-04T17:39:07 <Justin_o> jhung: did you have a chance to look at the Uploader PR?
2016-11-04T17:39:35 <jhung> Looking at it now Justin_o. It looks okay. The only issue I see is the column without a header.
2016-11-04T17:41:02 <Justin_o> There\'s no header text for that column.. we could add something i guess, but not sure what
2016-11-04T17:42:32 <jhung> Maybe "File status and actions"?
2016-11-04T17:42:54 <Justin_o> that\'s pretty large, not sure it\'ll fit there
2016-11-04T17:43:03 <Justin_o> status/action?
2016-11-04T17:44:09 <jhung> "Status / Action" Justin_o.
2016-11-04T17:44:34 <Justin_o> jhung: and you\'re thinking that should be visible in the table header as well right?
2016-11-04T17:45:08 <Justin_o> it\'ll mean the cell for the remove button / checkbox is quite large
2016-11-04T17:47:41 <jhung> Justin_o: yeah. Ideally it\'d be visible.
2016-11-04T17:48:01 <Justin_o> jhung: can you screen share with me for a few minutes
2016-11-04T17:48:14 <jhung> sure Justin_o
2016-11-04T18:09:18 <Justin_o> jhung, cindyli: is ready for more review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/778
2016-11-04T18:09:54 <cindyli> ok. thanks, Justin_o
2016-11-04T18:14:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-04T18:19:56 <cindyli> Justin_o, jhung, regarding this pull request, I guess you\'ve reached the consensus that it\'s ok to have the table header being part of the scrolling area and could be scrolled out of the visible area?
2016-11-04T18:38:06 <jhung> cindyli: does that happen currently?
2016-11-04T18:40:11 <cindyli> yes, jhung
2016-11-04T18:43:14 <jhung> cindyli: can you show me? I didn\'t see that.
2016-11-04T18:45:07 <cindyli> jhung: screen share
2016-11-04T18:45:21 <jhung> yeah cindyli
2016-11-04T19:38:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-04T21:07:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-11-04T21:35:30 * michelled has quit
2016-11-04T22:20:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

