b"2016-07-26T00:12:58 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-26T04:29:24 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-26T05:34:41 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-26T05:34:52 * jhung has quit
2016-07-26T06:00:39 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-26T09:07:36 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-26T09:07:36 * jhung has quit
2016-07-26T11:29:24 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-26T11:53:22 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-07-26T12:18:45 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-07-26T12:24:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-26T13:02:50 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-26T13:04:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-26T13:18:42 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-07-26T13:46:09 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-26T13:50:20 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-26T13:53:11 <jhung> fluid-everyone: Is it Tuesday already? It's design crit day. Does anyone have anything to present? I have PhET energy skate park if there's time.
2016-07-26T13:54:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-26T13:54:13 <danayo> I don't have anything jhung
2016-07-26T14:00:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-07-26T14:04:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-26T14:06:21 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-26T15:01:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-26T15:24:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-26T15:41:11 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-26T15:51:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-26T15:52:51 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-26T15:53:06 <Jess_> hey jhung i wonder if we can do something kind of cute with design crit notices? e.g. let people know it\xe2\x80\x99s a standing meeting time, but sometimes it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t happen and sometimes the things we talk about are fluid and change just before the meeting. then if there isn\xe2\x80\x99t a meeting that week we can have a \xe2\x80\x98no meeting today\xe2\x80\x99 sign appear in the fluid_standup room \xe2\x80\x94 kind of like a cspan live feed and nothing to look at \xe2\x80\x94 or perhaps
2016-07-26T15:53:06 <Jess_> that\xe2\x80\x99s much ado about nothing
2016-07-26T15:54:51 <colinclark> I think it's really important for people to know what the weekly crits are
2016-07-26T15:55:04 <colinclark> they're a dynamic, informal, working forum
2016-07-26T15:55:16 <colinclark> People bring stuff, we talk about it
2016-07-26T15:55:35 <colinclark> and of course the topic thus is subject to change based on inspiration or exigency
2016-07-26T15:57:06 <colinclark> exactly as Jess_ said
2016-07-26T15:57:27 <colinclark> the things we talk about are fluid and contributor-driven
2016-07-26T15:58:05 <colinclark> I think probably the issue is that we have started to advertise the crits more broadly, to the IDRC's inclusive design community mailing list
2016-07-26T15:58:17 <colinclark> rather than, in the past, to the fluid-work mailing list (which frames the work nature of the meeting)
2016-07-26T15:58:32 <colinclark> and when we first started them, I think we provided some context for what the crits were and what happened in them
2016-07-26T15:58:49 <jhung> Jess_, colinclark - I like the idea and agree with the description of these meetings. I like how informal and casual they are - and that everyone is welcome. The communication can be improved for sure, but I also think we'll need to communicate what the expectations are for these meetings.
2016-07-26T15:59:10 <colinclark> Right
2016-07-26T15:59:40 <jhung> I think first step is to update the wiki page for these meetings to give a better description for how they're done.
2016-07-26T15:59:42 <colinclark> This was the original description of the crits: http://lists.idrc.ocad.ca/pipermail/fluid-work/2015-May/009669.html
2016-07-26T15:59:50 <colinclark> it may need to be refined, over a year later
2016-07-26T16:01:23 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-26T16:01:34 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-26T16:02:11 <jhung> Ah great thanks colinclark. A form of this should go onto the wiki page and relevant update email out to list.
2016-07-26T16:24:04 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-26T16:52:26 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-26T17:13:50 <gtirloni> alanharnum: re: tracking & journaling email, it crossed my mind that some people might not be super comfortable replying to the list with personal info. in case participation isn't high, maybe it'd be nice to have an anonymized survey like sepideh had a while ago
2016-07-26T17:15:30 <alanharnum> gtirloni: that's a good ponit - we'll see how it does
2016-07-26T17:24:07 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-07-26T17:24:44 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-07-26T17:25:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-26T17:41:25 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-26T18:08:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-26T18:15:49 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-07-26T18:36:48 * clown_mtg joined the channel
2016-07-26T18:51:01 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-26T19:15:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-26T19:56:16 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-26T20:04:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-26T21:03:33 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-07-26T21:04:43 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2016-07-26T21:04:49 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2016-07-26T21:08:44 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-07-26T21:11:43 * gtirloni has quit
2016-07-26T21:52:09 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-26T21:52:09 * jhung has quit
2016-07-26T23:11:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-26T23:15:33 * alanharnum has quit
"

