b'2016-03-03T02:43:46 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-03T02:48:58 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-03-03T02:49:37 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-03T02:53:42 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-03-03T02:58:11 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-03T03:53:21 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-03-03T05:12:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-03T07:07:34 * danayo joined the channel
2016-03-03T09:18:11 * amatas joined the channel
2016-03-03T11:09:29 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-03-03T12:05:25 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:17:36 * jhung joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:34:05 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-03T13:47:09 * jessm joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:12:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:23:54 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-03T14:27:51 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-03-03T15:03:32 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-03T15:33:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T16:00:22 <jhung> danayo, sepidehshahi: Do you think it\xe2\x80\x99d be worthwhile if I spent a little time on coming up with an information architecture for the IDRC website first? Then sepidehshahi can create the visual map and we can then email the two artifacts out for feedback before starting designs.
2016-03-03T16:00:58 <danayo> sounds good to me jhung
2016-03-03T16:01:17 <danayo> Justin_o, colinclark, sepidehshahi: March 16 is not great for me for user creativity community meeting (I\'ll be away on and off that week), but the following 2 weeks aren\'t good either :(  (PGA usability testing)
2016-03-03T16:01:24 <danayo> so perhaps you should go ahead
2016-03-03T16:01:31 <danayo> unless we can bump it into April
2016-03-03T16:01:57 <danayo> I\'d hate to miss it but
2016-03-03T16:02:06 <sepidehshahi> jhung: for sure. without the AI map we can\xe2\x80\x99t move forward with the design. I would be happy to help
2016-03-03T16:02:42 <Justin_o> danayo, colinclark, sepidehshahi: whatever works best for you
2016-03-03T16:03:25 <jhung> danayo, sepidehshahi: I was also thinking about the idea about having the IDRC website as an exemplar\xe2\x80\xa6 I was wondering if we can have a configurable "learning" mode which would reveal notes, annotations, and overlays.
2016-03-03T16:03:38 <danayo> that would be AWESOME jhung
2016-03-03T16:04:21 <danayo> you mean, different from the idea of annotations about how/why the site was built, jhung?
2016-03-03T16:04:22 <jhung> sepidehshahi: sure! I was just going to work out of the google doc that was already started.
2016-03-03T16:04:49 <sepidehshahi> it\xe2\x80\x99s a great ida jhung! we will try to include that in the design
2016-03-03T16:05:54 <jhung> danayo:   similar I guess. I\'m thinking it would be similar to the the "show descriptions" options in UIO. By turning it on, visitors would be able to see the reasons why the site was designed/built a particular way and get linked to resources.
2016-03-03T16:07:07 <danayo> I love that idea jhung
2016-03-03T16:07:16 <danayo> I\'m familiar with the "show more words" option in Explore tool which shows the alt-text, but this would be different, yes?
2016-03-03T16:07:18 <jhung> It\'d also be a good way to link to projects / components / handbooks we\'ve done.
2016-03-03T16:07:51 <jhung> it\'s all kind of similar danayo - just an option to show another layer of content.
2016-03-03T16:07:57 <danayo> right
2016-03-03T16:10:18 <sepidehshahi> jhung: do you imagine having something like interactive tutorials that we see in many applications? for instance you see an icon or a blurb next to something and as you select that you get more information about it? or is it an option that you select let\xe2\x80\x99s say from the UIO panel to reveal that extra layer of content?
2016-03-03T16:11:31 <jhung> sepidehshahi: I don\'t have any pre-conception of what this may look like. :) I think we can think of many possibilities and perhaps discuss it in the future design crit.
2016-03-03T16:11:49 <sepidehshahi> for sure:)
2016-03-03T16:12:35 <danayo> Justin_o, sepidehshahi: I\'ll check in with colinclark when he\'s around about the community meeting date
2016-03-03T16:13:05 <Justin_o> danayo: thanks
2016-03-03T16:13:11 <sepidehshahi> thanks danayo
2016-03-03T16:13:24 <danayo> np
2016-03-03T16:48:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T16:56:42 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2016-03-03T16:58:39 * lliskovoi has quit
2016-03-03T17:05:11 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-03T17:06:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:08:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-03T17:09:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:18:33 * clown has quit
2016-03-03T17:21:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:24:10 * clown joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:33:47 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-03T17:35:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T17:49:48 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-03T17:56:08 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:00:11 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:02:46 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-03T18:07:09 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-03T18:16:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:18:20 <sepidehshahi> danayo: can I start moving Principles to GPII?
2016-03-03T18:19:39 <danayo> sepidehshahi: yes, I have finished editing all but the last two (up to and including virtuous cycles). thanks!
2016-03-03T18:20:34 <sepidehshahi> np. you can leave some of the tools for me and I\xe2\x80\x99ll add content for them
2016-03-03T18:25:07 <Justin_o> colinclark: did you see danayo\'s questions about next weeks community meeting?
2016-03-03T18:25:30 <colinclark> no, I didn\'t
2016-03-03T18:25:32 <colinclark> what was it?
2016-03-03T18:26:17 <danayo> I was saying that March 16 doesn\'t work so well for me for the user creativity session colinclark, but that the following 2 weeks don\'t either :(
2016-03-03T18:26:40 <colinclark> ok
2016-03-03T18:26:52 <colinclark> Mar 16 isn\'t all that great for me either :)
2016-03-03T18:26:56 <colinclark> and then you\'re travelling, right Dana?
2016-03-03T18:27:00 <colinclark> What about early April?
2016-03-03T18:28:03 <danayo> yes, last 2 wednesdays of March are PGA usability testing colinclark
2016-03-03T18:28:16 <danayo> early april is good
2016-03-03T18:28:36 <colinclark> ok, let\'s do it then
2016-03-03T18:28:48 <Justin_o> colinclark: do you have a specific one that would work?
2016-03-03T18:28:49 <colinclark> My impression is that we should try to make use of the convivial tools as part of the workshop
2016-03-03T18:28:54 <colinclark> which will probably involve some preparation
2016-03-03T18:28:59 <colinclark> so more time is good
2016-03-03T18:29:35 <Justin_o> colinclark, danayo: is April 6th okay.. April 13 is the P4A review
2016-03-03T18:30:05 <Justin_o> and it seems that danayo and sepidehshahi will be away over the last two wednesdays
2016-03-03T18:30:38 <danayo> april 6 is ok with me Justin_o
2016-03-03T18:31:01 <sepidehshahi> It works for me as well Justin_o
2016-03-03T18:31:40 <colinclark> yup, should work
2016-03-03T18:31:41 <colinclark> with one caveat
2016-03-03T18:31:46 <colinclark> I may be defending in April
2016-03-03T18:31:53 <colinclark> so if it lands on that day...
2016-03-03T18:31:54 <colinclark> ouch :)
2016-03-03T18:32:01 <Justin_o> :(
2016-03-03T18:32:38 <Justin_o> colinclark: so i\'m thinking of making next weeks meeting a discussion about on boarding into working in the fluid community
2016-03-03T18:32:48 <colinclark> that\'s a really great idea!
2016-03-03T18:32:58 <colinclark> We should all try to bring some case studies or examples with us to the meeting
2016-03-03T18:33:11 <colinclark> like hood.ie for example
2016-03-03T18:33:17 <colinclark> or the various "how to open source" tutorials
2016-03-03T18:33:31 <colinclark> so that we have some pros and cons to debate and discuss
2016-03-03T18:33:40 <Justin_o> colinclark: yah.. i think it\'s worth doing some "design" work around a good intro process/document
2016-03-03T18:37:33 <Justin_o> colinclark: do you have an idea if there will be a lot of people away for the P4A review.. wondering if I should be cancelling that weeks community meeting.
2016-03-03T18:37:50 <colinclark> I don\'t think so, no
2016-03-03T18:38:07 <colinclark> I don\'t know who precisely we will send, but we only have budget for a couple of people
2016-03-03T18:38:27 <Justin_o> colinclark: cool, thanks
2016-03-03T18:41:44 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-03-03T18:43:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:45:17 <danayo> sepidehshahi: can you meet quickly with jessm and I to talk about guidelines?
2016-03-03T18:45:35 <sepidehshahi> sure danayo  which room?
2016-03-03T18:45:45 <danayo> mine
2016-03-03T18:45:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-03T18:57:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-03-03T19:17:13 <danayo> sepidehshahi: I still need to go through the rest of the principles and practices to do some last edits
2016-03-03T19:18:22 <sepidehshahi> danayo: so should I stop moving content to the wiki?
2016-03-03T19:19:02 <danayo> yes, I\'ll let you know when I\'m done. thanks!
2016-03-03T19:19:26 <sepidehshahi> sure
2016-03-03T20:06:48 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-03T20:10:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-03-03T20:47:31 * jhung has quit
2016-03-03T21:26:56 * gtirloni has left the channel
2016-03-03T21:37:01 * cindyli has quit
2016-03-03T22:11:45 * colinclark has quit
2016-03-03T22:47:46 * Justin_o has quit
2016-03-03T22:48:59 * alanharnum has quit
2016-03-03T23:01:49 <sepidehshahi> danayo: I am working on the tools now. How do you feel about the practices and principles? Should I continue to GPII work tomorrow or should I hold?
2016-03-03T23:02:25 * amatas has quit
2016-03-03T23:03:16 <danayo> sepidehshahi: I was about to email you and Jess, I could use another round of feedback on some of the content before migrating it to the wiki - I\'ll specify in the email
2016-03-03T23:03:36 <sepidehshahi> sure danayo. thx
2016-03-03T23:04:18 <danayo> thank YOU :)
2016-03-03T23:04:50 <danayo> I think jessm said she\'d have time to look at it tomorrow sepidehshahi
2016-03-03T23:06:03 <sepidehshahi> oh great! I\xe2\x80\x99d say the migration would take less than a day. So we can do it any time next week when we all feel comfortable with the content.
2016-03-03T23:12:45 <danayo> that sounds fabulous sepidehshahi
2016-03-03T23:13:43 <danayo> if I wanted to point to the use model details (i.e. a "how to create personae"), where would I link folks to? I see that the details are not yet on the wiki ? sepidehshahi
2016-03-03T23:14:05 <danayo> ah woops
2016-03-03T23:14:07 <danayo> I found it :)
2016-03-03T23:14:11 <sepidehshahi> ok:)
2016-03-03T23:14:17 <danayo> that little link icon is easy to miss
2016-03-03T23:14:45 <danayo> and for some reason selecting the text wasn\'t doing anything
2016-03-03T23:14:59 <danayo> seems fine now
2016-03-03T23:30:08 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-03-03T23:34:53 * simonjb has quit
'

