b'2016-07-11T19:44:12 <danayo> and jhung, are you thinking this would be a kind of run-through of the community meeting ?
2016-07-11T19:46:41 <jhung> That might be helpful danayo, or maybe at least a part of it. Maybe Justin_o and I should talk and figure out what topics of Inclusive Design might be most useful for them?
2016-07-11T19:47:18 <sepidehshahi> jhung: and danayo I think we will have to have have a run through of the interactive prototype and the implemented  version by alanharn_  on the 21. michelled  may have a better idea of TJ\xe2\x80\x99s schedule for that day. So, if we have our demo in the morning, we can chat with the PhET team in the afternoon
2016-07-11T19:47:38 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-07-11T19:47:41 <jhung> It
2016-07-11T19:47:53 <jhung> \'d be good to know what the plan is for that day.
2016-07-11T19:49:51 <danayo> jhung: yeah it would be good to figure out what they might be interested in (these are folks who are new to inclusive design?)
2016-07-11T19:50:41 <michelled> I actually don\'t know TJ\'s schedule. I know he\'s only with us for the morning
2016-07-11T19:50:51 <michelled> I\'ll try to get more details from Jutta
2016-07-11T19:51:14 <jhung> Taliesin is not new to it, but feels there may be some gaps between what she learned from the program and what we do "in practice". Jesse is new to Inclusive Design.
2016-07-11T19:51:18 <jhung> ^danayo
2016-07-11T19:55:37 <danayo> jhung: wondering if it would make more sense for them to just join the community meeting (remotely) on the 27th? Or I suppose it could be more of an informal discussion, and we could use it to develop some of the community meeting content - guess that\'s what you suggested in your email :)
2016-07-11T19:56:31 <jhung> danayo: yeah. I think having them join remote makes a lot of sense. I guess for now let\'s hold of on anything until we know what\'s happening on Thursday.
2016-07-11T19:56:49 <danayo> ok jhung, sounds good
2016-07-11T19:57:19 <danayo> jhung: where is the header title ("Inclusive Design Guidelines") generated?
2016-07-11T19:58:12 <jhung> It\'s located in the ./src/documents/index.html.md.handlebars file danayo
2016-07-11T20:01:57 <jhung> danayo: the focus outline looks good!
2016-07-11T20:05:25 <danayo> great jhung
2016-07-11T20:09:18 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-07-11T20:22:33 <jhung1> danayo: do you have any other changes waiting to be committed?
2016-07-11T20:23:08 <jhung1> Justin_o I was thinking that tomorrow morning we can review the Guidelines repo and transfer ownership?
2016-07-11T20:23:27 <danayo> jhung1: I guess we need to change the main title, right? To The Incluisve Design Guide (and any related references to the title on the home page). I\'m still having trouble finding where that\'s generated
2016-07-11T20:24:13 <jhung1> no prob danayo. I can take care of that.
2016-07-11T20:24:53 <sepidehshahi> jhung1: I had to download owncloud again. so, could you please add me to the main IDRC folder again? thanks
2016-07-11T20:25:01 <danayo> tomorrow morning after the crit works for me jhung1  Justin_o
2016-07-11T20:25:21 <Justin_o> jhung1, danayo: sure
2016-07-11T20:25:54 <Justin_o> jhung1, danayo: actually how long do you think it will take, we have standup and then summerlicious lunch tomorrow
2016-07-11T20:26:11 <jhung1> I\'ll look over the content now and decide whether to replace "guidelines" with "guides"
2016-07-11T20:26:11 <jhung1> ^danayo
2016-07-11T20:26:20 <Justin_o> so I\'ll be free between the crit and standup
2016-07-11T20:26:45 <Justin_o> not sure i\'ll have much time in the afternoon either
2016-07-11T20:27:51 <danayo> jhung1: I think we decided on The Inclusive Design Guide, right? so, for example, we\'ll have to replace "These guidelines focus on ..." with "This guide focuses on..." etc.
2016-07-11T20:27:55 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-11T20:28:39 <jhung1> sepidehshahi: I think it should automatically be shared with you.
2016-07-11T20:29:23 <jhung1> yes danayo that\'s what I\'m thinking about. I just checked and the word "Guidelines" primarily shows up on the home page and in titles. I\'ll fix those now.
2016-07-11T20:29:38 <danayo> Thanks jhung1
2016-07-11T20:30:57 <sepidehshahi> jhung1: it is all blank and Iit shows no members or no shared folders..
2016-07-11T20:31:34 <jhung1> hmmm ok. Let me see sepidehshahi
2016-07-11T20:32:04 <danayo> same for me jhung1
2016-07-11T20:33:11 <jhung1> sepidehshahi, danayo - should be fixed. The upgrade must have removed permissions. You should have it now.
2016-07-11T20:33:36 <sepidehshahi> great jhung1, I see the folder now, thanks
2016-07-11T20:33:53 <jhung1> I added Neeta, Lisa and Jess to the list as well. Let me know if there\'s anyone else I should add.
2016-07-11T20:34:11 <Justin_o> jhung1: can you add me again
2016-07-11T20:34:57 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-11T20:35:42 * michelled has quit
2016-07-11T20:37:54 <danayo> jhung1: could you tell me where/how that main template header (Inclusive Design Guidelines) is generated?
2016-07-11T20:40:49 <jhung1> In the layouts directory danayo there\'s a \'partials\' sub directory. Inside there are bits of HTML and handlebars markup related to different parts of the template.
2016-07-11T20:42:15 <danayo> ah right, thanks jhung1
2016-07-11T20:47:43 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-07-11T20:53:37 <sepidehshahi> alanharn_: and avtar have you started putting content in the DSpace? do you know if it\xe2\x80\x99s at a place to put resources into?
2016-07-11T20:54:39 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2016-07-11T20:54:52 <avtar> sepidehshahi: i\'m not sure what you mean by content
2016-07-11T20:55:01 <alanharnum> sepidehshahi: I haven\'t, no (assuming DSpace = Developer Space)
2016-07-11T20:55:03 <avtar> but i can find out where the cms is hosted
2016-07-11T20:56:43 <sepidehshahi> thanks avtar and alanharnum
2016-07-11T20:56:57 <sepidehshahi> Jess_: ^
2016-07-11T21:02:06 * clown has quit
2016-07-11T21:04:50 * jhung1 has quit
2016-07-11T21:07:03 <sepidehshahi> danayo: here is a link to the prototype for May25: http://share.framerjs.com/0rcmbpxzv8yn/
2016-07-11T21:09:46 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2016-07-11T21:23:16 * Jess_ has quit
2016-07-11T21:27:28 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-07-11T21:27:28 * Jess_ has quit
2016-07-11T21:43:47 * simonjb has quit
2016-07-11T22:03:09 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-11T22:04:03 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-11T22:08:05 * danayo has quit
2016-07-11T22:40:22 * Justin_o has quit
2016-07-11T22:47:10 * gtirloni has quit
2016-07-11T23:22:52 * amatas has quit
'

b'2016-07-11T02:11:30 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-11T03:24:04 * michelled has quit
2016-07-11T09:13:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T09:19:49 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-11T09:20:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T09:21:59 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-11T09:22:05 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-07-11T10:01:43 * colinclark_ has quit
2016-07-11T10:02:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T10:16:40 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-11T10:23:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T10:28:08 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-11T10:47:31 * amatas joined the channel
2016-07-11T11:44:49 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T11:44:50 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-11T11:45:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T11:53:20 * michelled joined the channel
2016-07-11T12:03:12 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-11T12:03:36 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T12:14:24 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-11T12:22:58 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-07-11T12:24:53 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-11T12:28:21 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T12:36:37 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-11T12:47:17 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-07-11T12:55:58 * jhung has quit
2016-07-11T13:05:37 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-07-11T13:17:54 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-11T13:19:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T13:38:16 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-11T13:40:27 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-11T13:42:36 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-07-11T13:48:05 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2016-07-11T14:08:45 * danayo joined the channel
2016-07-11T14:25:34 <jhung> danayo: just a heads up that I\'ve made some significant changes to the guidelines site. The biggest change was renaming the classnames from "docs-guidelines" to "docs-inclusive-design-guides".
2016-07-11T14:25:53 <jhung> I recommend merging my changes when you can so we can sort out any issues.
2016-07-11T14:26:24 <jhung> Today I\'m going to fix the focus styling on the site - I think that\'s the last thing to do.
2016-07-11T14:26:45 <danayo> ok jhung, thanks. Can I merge them now?
2016-07-11T14:26:51 <jhung> yes danayo
2016-07-11T14:27:58 <jhung> danayo: ugh. there\'s an issue
2016-07-11T14:28:23 <danayo> ok jhung
2016-07-11T14:28:48 <danayo> I\'ll wait then. What are you planning to do with the focus styling?
2016-07-11T14:30:23 <jhung> The focus styling is missing for the tabs and logo link in the header.  So I\'m thinking of using an outline / border as we do elsewhere danayo.
2016-07-11T14:31:27 <danayo> great jhung. i also noticed that the focus state needs styling in the footer
2016-07-11T14:31:39 <jhung> Ah good catch danayo.
2016-07-11T14:32:31 <jhung> would you have time today to help with some of that danayo?
2016-07-11T14:32:44 <danayo> sure jhung
2016-07-11T14:33:48 <danayo> I can work on fixing all the focus styling jhung
2016-07-11T14:34:15 <jhung> cool. You can merge my changes now. The problem is with the 404 page. I\'ll need to fix that while you help with focus styling danayo?
2016-07-11T14:34:43 <danayo> sounds good jhung
2016-07-11T14:37:33 * clown joined the channel
2016-07-11T14:51:00 * gtirloni has quit
2016-07-11T14:52:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-07-11T15:34:53 * PaliwalSparsh1 joined the channel
2016-07-11T15:43:16 <danayo> jhung: on thursday I was trying to fix that styling issue on the home page (the lower white box) but had some trouble with it - i can get the box back but can\'t seem to adjut the alignment
2016-07-11T15:43:45 <danayo> I think becuase it is a row maybe? couldn\'t figure out how to specify it
2016-07-11T15:45:21 <jhung> ok. I think it was something I did that broke it. It may be a "simple" fix (just need to revert what I did that broke it) danayo
2016-07-11T15:45:28 <danayo> ok jhung
2016-07-11T15:47:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-11T15:48:04 <danayo> a minor detail jhung, but if we could also make that diagram on the home page a little smaller, I think that would look better. maybe by about 25%. I\'m not sure how to size it
2016-07-11T15:48:54 <Jess_> fluid-everyone: just saw a question that made me stop and think \xe2\x80\x94 \xe2\x80\x9cwhat have you changed your mind about this year\xe2\x80\x9d or whenever \xe2\x80\x94 i think it could be an interesting workshop design question!
2016-07-11T15:48:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-11T15:50:28 <jhung> danayo: ok. So the text should be 60% and the diagram about 40%?
2016-07-11T15:53:00 <danayo> i think that should do it jhung
2016-07-11T16:05:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T16:10:29 * colinclark has quit
2016-07-11T16:26:50 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-11T16:30:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-07-11T16:31:43 <jhung> I\'ve added danayo / PaliwalSparsh1 to the design crit schedule. Please feel free to add additional information. https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Design+Critiques
2016-07-11T16:32:17 <danayo> thanks jhung
2016-07-11T16:35:07 * PaliwalSparsh2 joined the channel
2016-07-11T16:38:31 * PaliwalSparsh1 has quit
2016-07-11T16:52:46 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: is it okay if the owncloud server goes down for 15-30min for an upgrade? i\'m investigating some synchronization issues and a new version has some fixes in that area. local files you\'ve already downloaded should continue to work fine.
2016-07-11T16:53:05 <clown> gtirloni:  okay with me.
2016-07-11T16:53:46 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i\'m okay, but I\'d assume it would mostly affect jhung, danayo, and sepidehshahi.
2016-07-11T16:54:20 <gtirloni> yeah, if anyone is uploading files now it\'d be better to wait.. i can do the update afterwards
2016-07-11T16:55:41 <jhung> I\'ll pause my syncing now gtirloni. I\'m okay with the server going down.
2016-07-11T16:56:26 <danayo> ok gtirloni
2016-07-11T16:57:23 * sepidehshahi has quit
2016-07-11T16:58:08 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-11T17:01:34 <gtirloni> ok thanks
2016-07-11T17:23:44 <gtirloni> jhung: can you restart your syncing?
2016-07-11T17:25:53 <danayo> jhung I commited focus styling changes (just white borders for now). let me know if I can help with anything else
2016-07-11T17:27:23 <jhung> gtirloni: thanks.
2016-07-11T17:28:14 <jhung> danayo: can you confirm that /IDRC-Design/Projects/Learning Dashboard \xe2\x80\xa6 Prototype/MyL3.framer has been removed?
2016-07-11T17:30:03 <danayo> i see the folder there jhung
2016-07-11T17:30:22 <danayo> both MyL3.framer and MyL3-Retrived.framer
2016-07-11T17:31:25 <jhung> ok danayo. I have to head offline for a bit. I\'ll be back around 2:30pm.
2016-07-11T17:32:06 <danayo> ok jhung
2016-07-11T17:32:11 * jhung has quit
2016-07-11T17:35:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2016-07-11T17:40:02 <sepidehshahi> sorry gtirloni, I just saw this. It\xe2\x80\x99s ok with me as well
2016-07-11T17:41:17 <gtirloni> sepidehshahi: no worries. it should be already working now. i\'m running a background task to cleanup some things. hopefully it\'ll clear the issues you guys have been seeing
2016-07-11T17:41:36 <sepidehshahi> great thanks gtirloni
2016-07-11T17:43:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-07-11T18:05:40 * PaliwalSparsh2 has quit
2016-07-11T18:07:27 <sepidehshahi> gtirloni: I have been trying to delete 2 folders on the owncloud but it seems they are locked and because of those two my entire local directory does not get synced. So, if you could remove those two folder that might solve the syncing issue
2016-07-11T18:08:55 <gtirloni> it\'s a bit risky to mess with owncloud from the server side because i don\'t know how it\'ll impact its internal database. all suggestions for deleting things by hand come with 2-page warnings and i\'m afraid to touch that :/
2016-07-11T18:09:14 <gtirloni> is that happening after your cleared everything and reinstalled next week? or was it happening before?
2016-07-11T18:10:29 <gtirloni> owncloud doesn\'t give admins easy access to user files.. so i can "access" your account. my suggestion is to try the web interface at https://files.inclusivedesign.ca and try to delete from there
2016-07-11T18:15:32 <Jess_> danayo: related to the cards/guides etc. i have been thinking of where/when to \xe2\x80\x9capply\xe2\x80\x9d inclusive design\xe2\x80\xa6 My very limited list so far is:\tWhere things break down (communication, function, intention, etc.)
2016-07-11T18:15:33 <Jess_> -\tWhere things can be done better (efficiency, accuracy)
2016-07-11T18:15:34 <Jess_> -\tWhere things go wrong (response to problems)
2016-07-11T18:15:34 <Jess_> -\tWhere things are confusing and complicated
2016-07-11T18:16:01 <Jess_> i wonder if those where/whens could be helpful in the guide
2016-07-11T18:16:48 <Jess_> there is this notion (and we\xe2\x80\x99ve been working on this) that inclusive design extends beyond \xe2\x80\x9ctypical\xe2\x80\x9d design moments or even digital design moments
2016-07-11T18:17:57 <danayo> interesting Jess_, can you say more about that? My first reaction was, isn\'t that where all design applies? What I mean is, those things you listed create "design problems" in general, no?
2016-07-11T18:18:52 <danayo> I guess the flip side of that comment is that inclusive design should be applied everywhere :)
2016-07-11T18:18:56 <Jess_> yes, perhaps what i\xe2\x80\x99m saying is obvious, which is great! I just mean the principles, practices, tools, and activities of inclusive design apply to meetings, workshops, conversations, relationships, and design of \xe2\x80\x98things\xe2\x80\x99
2016-07-11T18:20:00 <Justin_o> alanharnum: merged in your PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/93
2016-07-11T18:20:13 <Justin_o> and redeployed the docs http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/Builder.html#switching-between-native-html-and-jquery-ui-widgets
2016-07-11T18:20:13 <alanharnum> thanks Justin_o
2016-07-11T18:21:08 <sepidehshahi> gtirloni: I have tried deleting from the web version, but that doesn\xe2\x80\x99t work either. I\xe2\x80\x99ll check my owncloud settings maybe I can find something there. thanks
2016-07-11T18:23:27 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-11T18:24:49 <danayo> sepidehshahi, alanharnum, I\'ve gone through and made some edits (and one comment) in the chart authoring doc
2016-07-11T18:25:13 <sepidehshahi> great! thanks a lot danayo
2016-07-11T18:39:10 * jhung1 joined the channel
2016-07-11T18:40:31 * jhung has quit
2016-07-11T18:43:29 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-11T18:43:39 * jhung1 has quit
2016-07-11T18:46:01 * Jess_ has quit
2016-07-11T18:46:17 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-07-11T18:53:55 * alanharnum has quit
2016-07-11T18:59:09 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2016-07-11T19:01:53 <jhung> danayo: I\'ve pushed to my repo again. I\'ve fixed the white box not appearing on the index.
2016-07-11T19:02:49 <gtirloni> sepidehshahi jhung danayo: i\'ve finished some maintenance tasks on owncloud.. it *may* have fixed your issue. if not, please let me know.
2016-07-11T19:14:25 <jhung> thanks gtirloni. I\'ll try later when I\'m on a stable connection.
2016-07-11T19:17:10 * Jess_ has quit
2016-07-11T19:22:46 <jhung> sepidehshahi, danayo - on Thursday July 21 afternoon will either of you be free to chat inclusive design process w PhET?
2016-07-11T19:26:26 * Jess_ joined the channel
2016-07-11T19:30:59 <danayo> Jess_: sorry was in a meeting and dropped the conversation - I don\'t think that\'s obvious - wanted to hear more about the extending beyond typical (digital) design moments - but I get you now - that it\'s not just about the end products, but the process, including non-typical processes
2016-07-11T19:31:56 <danayo> ok jhung - can you merge my last commit? and then I\'ll merge all changes?
2016-07-11T19:32:15 <danayo> oh, i may not have pushed it :p
2016-07-11T19:33:03 * jhung has quit
2016-07-11T19:33:45 <danayo> thanks gtirloni
2016-07-11T19:34:00 * jhung joined the channel
2016-07-11T19:34:42 <Jess_> danayo: yeah, that design is relevant to anything we consider or do
2016-07-11T19:34:52 <Jess_> danayo: which might or might not be obvious
2016-07-11T19:35:05 <Jess_> e.g. event planners could benefit from an inclusive design approach
2016-07-11T19:38:31 <danayo> Jess_: totally. we touch on that in one or two of the practices. perhaps for emphasis it should be a practice in itself?
2016-07-11T19:39:01 <Jess_> i dunno. somewhere in our framing of the whole things we will presumably speak to applicability
2016-07-11T19:39:24 <Jess_> what you pasted in before addresses that i think
2016-07-11T19:39:31 <Jess_> perhaps that\xe2\x80\x99s all we need to say
2016-07-11T19:39:45 <Jess_> i\xe2\x80\x99m just thinking danayo of how to keep the audience quite broad for this
2016-07-11T19:40:22 <danayo> sure Jess_, and yes, that was the intention of that intro blurb as well
2016-07-11T19:41:17 <danayo> jhung I just pushed my changes to focus state (committed them earlier but forgot to push)
2016-07-11T19:41:34 <jhung> ok. I\'ll merge danayo
2016-07-11T19:41:37 <danayo> thanks
2016-07-11T19:41:41 * Yan_Hu has left the channel
2016-07-11T19:43:57 <danayo> regarding July 21 PhET meeting jhung, I\'m not sure what the plan is with showing TJ the dashboard work etc (and whether I\'ll be participating remotely at all) - sepidehshahi do you know what the plan is?
'

