b'2017-03-06T16:21:51 <Bosmon> Although it looks like you are starting to consume "minimum" and "maximum"
2017-03-06T16:22:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the panels have been consuming that information all along
2017-03-06T16:22:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what do they do with it?
2017-03-06T16:22:46 <Justin_o> they are typically consumed as a options though, but i ran into this because of your suggestion to move the max and min values into the model for the stepper
2017-03-06T16:23:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: other options are used for enumeration for example in the case of contrast
2017-03-06T16:23:33 <Justin_o> for the text size it would limit the range
2017-03-06T16:23:52 <Justin_o> but we were probably doing less model relay work when this was first developed
2017-03-06T16:24:10 <Justin_o> in the very early days it was probably all done with custom functions
2017-03-06T16:29:15 <stegru> Bosmon: I think I\'ve just screwed up github
2017-03-06T16:32:35 <Bosmon> stegru - worrisome!
2017-03-06T16:34:24 <stegru> yes, it says on https://github.com/GPII/windows that there\'s a recently pushed branch "stegru:GPII-2315"
2017-03-06T16:34:42 <stegru> have I put it onto the wrong repo or something?
2017-03-06T16:39:34 <stegru> oh I think it\'s ok - it\'s just a prompt to make a PR
2017-03-06T17:00:59 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-06T17:33:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-06T17:37:07 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-06T17:44:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-06T17:50:17 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-03-06T18:14:37 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-06T18:25:17 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-06T18:51:55 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-06T19:02:38 * stegru has quit
2017-03-06T19:05:34 <gloob> hi guys
2017-03-06T19:06:36 <gloob> and gals :)
2017-03-06T19:13:28 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-06T19:14:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-06T19:18:03 <simonjb> Bosmon: just merged in your FLUID-4884 changes and everything is now visible without need for remote grade hack -- thanks!
2017-03-06T19:18:18 <simonjb> https://github.com/simonbates/fluid-authoring/commits/GPII-2305
2017-03-06T19:23:49 <simonjb> alanharnum: ^
2017-03-06T19:29:39 <colinclark> great video, alanharnum and simonjb!
2017-03-06T19:32:04 <simonjb> great job with the recording and captions alanharnum
2017-03-06T19:33:12 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-06T19:59:30 <Justin_o> alanharnum: do you and Bosmon have a description for your topic at this weeks community meeting
2017-03-06T20:00:02 <alanharnum> Justin_o: I defer to Bosmon since it was his idea :)
2017-03-06T20:00:13 <Justin_o> alanharnum: that\'s fare
2017-03-06T20:00:24 <Justin_o> fair
2017-03-06T20:00:57 <alanharnum> I think we\'ll be doing an overview of Infusion\'s core concepts, similar to what gets done in my as-of-yet unpublished Hello World introduction
2017-03-06T20:02:03 <Justin_o> alanharnum: ah okay, do you know if that will be published in time for the meeting?
2017-03-06T20:02:41 <alanharnum> Justin_o: no, I still need to do some heavy editing and revising
2017-03-06T20:02:57 <alanharnum> I could probably publish it from my repo to a GH pages branch so people could get at it
2017-03-06T20:04:22 <Justin_o> alanharnum: sounds good, if it will be useful for the community meeting
2017-03-06T20:04:28 <Justin_o> otherwise it\'s fine
2017-03-06T20:09:13 <alanharnum> Justin_o: http://www.alanharnum.ca/infusion-docs/infusion/development/to-do/DeveloperIntroductionToInfusionFramework.html
2017-03-06T20:10:14 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2017-03-06T20:28:33 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-06T20:34:19 * stegru joined the channel
2017-03-06T20:49:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-06T20:58:17 <jhung> ping Justin_o
2017-03-06T20:58:25 <Justin_o> hello
2017-03-06T20:59:20 <Justin_o> jhung: ^
2017-03-06T21:00:08 * alanharnum has quit
2017-03-06T21:00:32 <jhung> I\'m going to send you an email thread Justin_o. I think there\'s an opportunity for an infusion integration. I might need your technical brain.
2017-03-06T21:01:08 <Justin_o> jhung: sure
2017-03-06T21:04:56 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-06T23:43:36 * javjarfer has quit
2017-03-06T23:53:41 * avtar joined the channel
'

b'2017-03-06T00:07:34 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-06T01:55:13 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-06T02:19:12 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-06T03:00:48 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-06T03:16:15 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-06T03:31:46 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-06T03:47:16 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-06T04:02:48 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-06T04:18:21 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-06T04:33:07 * danayo has quit
2017-03-06T04:33:50 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-06T05:56:13 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-06T06:27:19 * amatas joined the channel
2017-03-06T08:42:37 * stegru joined the channel
2017-03-06T10:10:40 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-06T10:15:57 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-03-06T10:22:47 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-06T10:53:18 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-03-06T13:03:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-06T13:32:49 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-03-06T13:35:52 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-03-06T13:41:29 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o
2017-03-06T13:41:36 <Justin_o> hello
2017-03-06T13:41:39 <Bosmon> Thanks for the answer on the github thread
2017-03-06T13:41:50 <Justin_o> i just updated it as well, with some additional thoughts
2017-03-06T13:41:58 <Bosmon> I guess it still isn\'t really clear what the meaning of this value really is
2017-03-06T13:42:14 <Bosmon> My suspicion is that several things which occurred together have been lumped together as a kind of historical accident
2017-03-06T13:42:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that sounds about right
2017-03-06T13:42:40 <Bosmon> So this would be a brilliant opportunity to disentangle them :)
2017-03-06T13:44:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: makes sense.. do you have any thoughts...
2017-03-06T13:44:17 <Justin_o> i know you suggested "value" as an option
2017-03-06T13:44:25 <Justin_o> do you still think that is the best approach?
2017-03-06T13:45:46 <Bosmon> Well, I dunno
2017-03-06T13:45:54 <Bosmon> This is dependent on fully understanding what the structure is here : P
2017-03-06T13:49:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah which part would you like more clarification on?
2017-03-06T13:51:22 * kavya joined the channel
2017-03-06T13:56:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-06T14:00:53 * kavya has quit
2017-03-06T14:06:35 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-06T14:07:04 * kavya joined the channel
2017-03-06T14:14:10 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-06T14:19:52 <kavya> Hi Stegru..
2017-03-06T14:20:01 <stegru> yo
2017-03-06T14:21:15 <kavya> I want to check with you...While working on https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2315
2017-03-06T14:21:43 <stegru> yes, i\'m fixing it now
2017-03-06T14:22:03 <kavya> Did it come to your notice that magnifier opens up in docked mode
2017-03-06T14:22:34 <stegru> no, it opens in full screen mode
2017-03-06T14:24:35 <kavya> Just to confirm..Are you using the installer available in get.gpii.net link?
2017-03-06T14:25:52 <stegru> no, but I will do in a moment
2017-03-06T14:26:37 <kavya> ok..
2017-03-06T14:26:44 <stegru> in sammy or elod\'s settings, it doesn\'t specify whether it\'s in dock/fullscreen or window mode
2017-03-06T14:27:01 <stegru> so, it will put it in whatever mode was the last one
2017-03-06T14:27:50 <stegru> if you made it fullscreen, then closed the magnifier.. when you key in as sammy or elod, it will return to fullscreen
2017-03-06T14:28:08 <kavya> Yes..I observed the mode is inconsistent in different conditions
2017-03-06T14:28:35 <kavya> yes..I checked above scenarios
2017-03-06T14:29:39 <stegru> GPII just ignores that setting, and doesn\'t change it - and there\'s no setting in GPII to make it docked or fullscreen, from what I can see
2017-03-06T14:30:12 <stegru> oh wait, yes there is
2017-03-06T14:31:07 <stegru> so if you want it to be fullscreen or docked, then you can add it to the preferences
2017-03-06T14:32:36 <kavya> ok..so which mode should be a default one
2017-03-06T14:33:37 <stegru> I don\'t know. I think the default for Windows is fullscreen... that\'s what it was for me and I didn\'t change it
2017-03-06T14:34:08 <stegru> but I hate that mode
2017-03-06T14:36:16 <kavya> ok..Even i think the default is fullscreen.. :)
2017-03-06T14:43:23 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-03-06T14:44:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-06T14:47:06 <Justin_o> simonjb: this might be helpful for your CLA research https://opensource.guide/legal/#does-my-project-need-an-additional-contributor-agreement
2017-03-06T14:47:33 <simonjb> cool, thanks Justin_o
2017-03-06T14:48:00 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-06T14:55:50 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-06T15:04:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-06T15:05:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - so I\'m not sure about the meaning of this bit:
2017-03-06T15:05:06 <Bosmon> "because it maps to the "default" property in the primary schema, when no stored value is present"
2017-03-06T15:05:12 <Bosmon> How does it do this?
2017-03-06T15:06:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: perhaps it\'s better to say that the default value from the primary schema is used as the default value for the panel
2017-03-06T15:06:30 <Justin_o> and is not saved to the store
2017-03-06T15:06:43 <Justin_o> the model path itself is still setup with a model relay
2017-03-06T15:08:23 <Bosmon> Ok - and what is at the two ends of the relay?
2017-03-06T15:09:26 <Justin_o> the panels model path as specified in the preferenceMap
2017-03-06T15:09:58 <Justin_o> and the other end is the shared model in the prefs editor
2017-03-06T15:10:13 <Justin_o> terminating at the preference
2017-03-06T15:10:51 <Bosmon> ok
2017-03-06T15:11:06 <Bosmon> "value" seems like a reasonable name to me then
2017-03-06T15:11:15 <Justin_o> which is a "safe" version of the preference name.. something like "fluid_prefs_textsize"
2017-03-06T15:11:19 <Bosmon> Since it doesn\'t actually seem to be anything to do with the defaults
2017-03-06T15:11:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah, the path in the primary schema was called default, and this had been intended as more of a direct map, although that\'s not really how it is in practice i guess ;)
2017-03-06T15:12:04 <Justin_o> value seems fine to me too
2017-03-06T15:12:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what do you mean by "the path in the primary schema was called default" - can you show me an example?
2017-03-06T15:14:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/preferences/js/StarterSchemas.js#L248-L259
2017-03-06T15:15:30 <Bosmon> Thanks
2017-03-06T15:15:32 <Bosmon> Yes, ok
2017-03-06T15:16:00 <Bosmon> The map is direct, but really these two things don\'t have anything to do with each other : P
2017-03-06T15:16:09 <Bosmon> That is, the "current value" of the property, and its default value
2017-03-06T15:16:44 <Bosmon> Really, values, and schemas, belong in different models
2017-03-06T15:17:06 <Bosmon> colinclark and I were just discussing this with respect to his thinking on turning the Nexus into a generalised bus for OSC messages
2017-03-06T15:17:13 <Bosmon> Some of these have type information, and some of them don\'t
2017-03-06T15:17:42 <Bosmon> But we were planning to put the type information into a separate model area, whose names are aligned with the real model
2017-03-06T15:17:56 <Bosmon> That way, people who are interested in simply the values can ignore the type information
2017-03-06T15:18:27 <Bosmon> Just to be clear - schemas in practice will go into models too
2017-03-06T15:18:35 <Bosmon> But they will go into different model areas than the values that they describe
2017-03-06T15:18:50 <Bosmon> The exact relationship between the corresponding model paths is something for clients to sort out
2017-03-06T15:23:16 <colinclark> Justin_o: I hung out with Cara Eastcott and Eliza Chandler from Tangled last week when I was at the Bodies in Translation leaders meeting in Guelph.
2017-03-06T15:23:27 <colinclark> They\'re keen now to come visit the IDRC
2017-03-06T15:23:41 <colinclark> are their any community meeting slots in March that might be free for them, or should I schedule something more informal?
2017-03-06T15:23:48 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-06T15:24:04 <Justin_o> colinclark: that\'s excellent.. any of those free spots would work well
2017-03-06T15:24:09 <Bosmon> Oh yes that reminds me we mustn\'t forget alanharnum\'s "Fantastic Infusion" workshop coming up on Wednesday.....
2017-03-06T15:24:33 <colinclark> i mispelled "there" there, wow
2017-03-06T15:24:39 <colinclark> which free spots, Justin_o?
2017-03-06T15:25:29 <Justin_o> colinclark: actually it\'s only the 29th march
2017-03-06T15:25:38 <colinclark> oh ok
2017-03-06T15:25:43 <colinclark> worth suggesting it
2017-03-06T15:25:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-06T15:25:59 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks for helping with that
2017-03-06T15:26:06 <Justin_o> also April is all open
2017-03-06T15:27:27 <stegru> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2315
2017-03-06T15:27:32 <stegru> sorry, wrong window
2017-03-06T15:45:32 <Justin_o> alanharnum, Bosmon: do you have a description for this week\'s community meeting that i can share on the mailing lists?
2017-03-06T15:56:47 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-03-06T15:59:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry, just caught up on your conversation about the schemas being in models... not sure what that would look like exactly but curious.. is that something new that is coming for the framework? or are you suggesting another change to the prefs framework specifically?
2017-03-06T16:00:41 <Bosmon> No, it is just "some shapes for things that we are thinking about"
2017-03-06T16:01:02 <Bosmon> In practice if we transmit data using models, we will want to transmit the schemas for data using models too
2017-03-06T16:01:22 <Bosmon> colinclark was interested that a stream of OSC messages could be transmitted into a Nexus and somehow recovered perfectly
2017-03-06T16:01:34 <Bosmon> And for some of these messages, some type information is an intrinsic part of them
2017-03-06T16:02:04 <Bosmon> But for many clients, this type information is irrelevant - if they didn\'t want to recover the original data as OSC, they would prefer not to see it at all
2017-03-06T16:02:37 <colinclark> Justin_o: Open Sound Control is a typed protocol, designed for interoperability with lots of different languages
2017-03-06T16:02:52 <colinclark> it means you need to compose message payloads that not only contain the values you want to send, but also schematic information
2017-03-06T16:02:53 <colinclark> https://github.com/colinbdclark/osc.js#argument-objects-with-type-metadata
2017-03-06T16:03:05 <colinclark> It\'s this funny little payload structure
2017-03-06T16:03:33 <colinclark> where you have an "address" that in many cases can be understood as a kind of REST-style URL (though it\'s not required to be interpreted this way)
2017-03-06T16:03:55 <colinclark> and then it contains a "header" providing type information about the subsequent arguments in the packet
2017-03-06T16:04:04 <colinclark> and then basically a list of argument values
2017-03-06T16:04:47 <colinclark> but if you took one of these messages and shed all the type information and only held on to the values, you\'d have a major interoperability problem
2017-03-06T16:05:22 <colinclark> so we ultimately need to be able to support models that include various kinds of metadata, including things like this type information
2017-03-06T16:08:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: thanks, i think i don\'t fully understand the problem space, but essentially there should be a way to provide metadata for the model data?
2017-03-06T16:09:52 <Bosmon> Yes, which is the kind of thing that our "primary schema" really is
2017-03-06T16:10:21 <Bosmon> It provides metadata in the format of a "JSON Schema", but there are clearly other useful such formats
2017-03-06T16:11:06 <Bosmon> But it\'s important that i) we can clearly identify which part of a plain model (holding just values) that this metadata is talking about, and ii) somehow keep it separate from the plain model itself
2017-03-06T16:11:44 <Bosmon> Where ii) is sort of the same kind of issue as i) - that is, for someone looking at a model, they "should have some way of telling" which parts of it consist of metadata about some other parts of it
2017-03-06T16:12:07 <Bosmon> In the early days, this can just be done via some kind of advertised convention(s)
2017-03-06T16:16:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i assume you will say that we cannot rely on advertised convention(s) anymore
2017-03-06T16:17:27 <Bosmon> No, we are still in the early days :)
2017-03-06T16:18:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) okay
2017-03-06T16:18:59 <Justin_o> do we have a convention for this already?
2017-03-06T16:19:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no, hence the kind of confusion we are having now
2017-03-06T16:19:20 <Bosmon> Between metadata and data
2017-03-06T16:20:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay
2017-03-06T16:20:51 <Bosmon> Anyway, it is early days
2017-03-06T16:21:05 <Bosmon> I just thought I would raise this connection between a few situations we are facing now and soon
2017-03-06T16:21:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: makes sense
2017-03-06T16:21:31 <Bosmon> So far, the "primary schema" is our only attempt to communicate schematic information to anyone
2017-03-06T16:21:41 <Bosmon> And unless I am mistaken, there are no actual consumers of this info
'

