b'2017-10-03T05:33:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-03T06:05:07 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-03T07:28:25 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-03T07:34:10 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-03T07:41:46 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-03T07:50:24 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-03T07:50:46 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-03T09:12:17 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-03T09:26:17 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-03T09:42:35 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-03T09:42:35 * georgitodorov_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T09:54:58 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T09:59:05 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-03T09:59:38 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T10:15:36 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-03T10:29:36 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-03T10:29:58 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-03T11:32:03 * jhernandez has quit
2017-10-03T11:32:19 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-10-03T11:38:13 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-03T11:44:59 * jhernandez has quit
2017-10-03T11:45:11 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-10-03T11:47:40 * amatas__ joined the channel
2017-10-03T11:51:05 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-03T11:58:38 * amatas__ is now known as amatas_
2017-10-03T12:04:40 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-03T12:13:03 * jhernandez has quit
2017-10-03T12:13:27 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-10-03T12:25:35 * jhung joined the channel
2017-10-03T12:26:59 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-10-03T12:36:20 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-03T12:56:26 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:01:37 <cindyli> Bosmon, gtirloni, can you fill up this doodle when you have a chance - https://beta.doodle.com/poll/a6m3avfgqefu75rk#table
2017-10-03T13:02:08 <cindyli> it\'s the continuation about the testing environment talk yesterday
2017-10-03T13:04:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:15:25 <gtirloni> cindyli: done
2017-10-03T13:15:33 <cindyli> thanks, gtirloni
2017-10-03T13:21:03 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:21:45 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:22:25 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:23:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:26:32 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:27:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:29:34 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:31:41 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:32:11 * georgitodorov_ has quit
2017-10-03T13:40:55 <Justin_o> alanharnum, sepidehshahi: so the community meeting we were supposed to have this week needs to be rescheduled. If you\'d like to move yours about multilingual support to this week we can, but it\'s not required.
2017-10-03T13:42:05 <alanharnum> Justin_o: this week is kind of a zoo due to DEEP / SJRK planning, so I\'d prefer to wait until the 25th.
2017-10-03T13:42:28 <sepidehshahi> Justin_o: I agree with alanharnum
2017-10-03T13:43:39 <cindyli> simonjb: when you have time, can you take a look on the GPII data model diagram I created and give some feedback - https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Keys,_KeyTokens,_and_Preferences
2017-10-03T13:43:42 <cindyli> thanks
2017-10-03T13:44:06 <simonjb> will do cindyli
2017-10-03T13:44:12 <cindyli> thanks, simonjb
2017-10-03T13:47:14 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:53:21 <jhung> fluid-everyone: design crit is starting in 7 minutes.
2017-10-03T13:56:02 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-03T13:56:41 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-03T14:02:08 <jhung> fluid-everyone: the design crit is starting now.
2017-10-03T14:02:24 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-10-03T14:02:54 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-10-03T14:03:38 * clown1 has quit
2017-10-03T14:03:47 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-10-03T14:03:53 * clown1 has quit
2017-10-03T14:04:03 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-10-03T14:04:20 * clown has quit
2017-10-03T14:04:23 * clown1 is now known as clown
2017-10-03T14:04:30 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-03T14:08:44 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T14:29:02 <Justin_o> alanharnum, sepidehshahi: makes sense thanks
2017-10-03T14:41:04 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-03T14:45:11 * kavya joined the channel
2017-10-03T15:10:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-03T15:14:41 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will be at 11:30 today
2017-10-03T15:17:08 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T15:30:28 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T15:31:02 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-03T15:38:07 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-03T15:59:40 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: just a reminder that node.js 8.x becomes LTS by the end of this month, in case you feel like testing it -- https://github.com/nodejs/Release
2017-10-03T15:59:47 <gtirloni> universal\'s containers are already using it
2017-10-03T16:00:04 <Bosmon> Oh dear
2017-10-03T16:00:44 <Bosmon> Oh phew
2017-10-03T16:00:49 <Bosmon> They did actually resolve this bug in time
2017-10-03T16:00:50 <Bosmon> https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/7593
2017-10-03T16:00:51 <Bosmon> What a relief
2017-10-03T16:01:22 <stegru> oh great!
2017-10-03T16:07:06 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-03T16:08:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-03T16:12:05 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-03T16:17:30 * michelled has quit
2017-10-03T16:19:28 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2017-10-03T16:20:19 * danayo has quit
2017-10-03T16:22:30 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: does anyone have something they\'d like to cover at this weeks community meeting. The scheduled topic needs to be rescheduled.
2017-10-03T16:22:55 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-03T16:24:45 * jessm joined the channel
2017-10-03T16:27:18 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-03T16:34:03 * avtar has quit
2017-10-03T16:34:18 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-03T16:41:56 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-03T16:57:30 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-03T17:08:35 <Justin_o> michelled: when you have time, my buildsite PR is ready for more review. https://github.com/fluid-project/build.fluidproject.org/pull/22
2017-10-03T17:09:39 <michelled> thx Justin_o
2017-10-03T17:19:58 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-03T17:25:47 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-03T17:29:46 <michelled> Justin_o: I merged your pull request
2017-10-03T17:35:28 <Justin_o> grrrero: regarding the infusion-icons docs, how close are they to being complete?
2017-10-03T17:35:45 <Justin_o> simonjb: brought up the possibility of moving the docs to the repo..
2017-10-03T17:35:48 <grrrero> Justin_o: I can put in some time tomorrow to finish them
2017-10-03T17:39:30 <Justin_o> grrrero: thanks, we should also talk with simonjb about where the docs should live
2017-10-03T17:39:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T17:42:34 <grrrero> Justin_o: Sounds good!
2017-10-03T17:45:15 <Justin_o> jhung: do you have 2 minutes to quickly take a look at this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-icons/pull/1
2017-10-03T17:45:59 <jhung> Justin_o: sure
2017-10-03T17:46:02 * stegru has quit
2017-10-03T17:47:41 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-03T17:48:18 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-10-03T17:50:53 <jhung> @Justin_o looks good! I\'ll merge it
2017-10-03T17:51:00 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-10-03T17:56:49 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T18:02:52 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-03T18:15:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T18:22:52 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-03T18:23:45 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-03T18:41:39 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T18:59:40 * michelled has quit
2017-10-03T19:10:36 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-03T19:12:35 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-03T19:14:15 * avtar1 joined the channel
2017-10-03T19:16:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T19:20:37 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T19:57:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T20:08:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T20:14:05 <gmoss> handlebars syntax question (the-t-in-rtf , maybe?)
2017-10-03T20:14:54 <gmoss> If we have an object of properties where some of the properties also contain handlebars expressions, what is the best approach to getting handlebars to render these fully?
2017-10-03T20:15:45 <gmoss> right now we\'re running into the issue of it not expanding the properties a second time - simple example:
2017-10-03T20:16:44 <gmoss> <div>{{ message_storyAuthorText }}</div> -> "message_storyAuthorText": "by {{storyAuthor}}" (storyAuthor is another variable in the context)
2017-10-03T20:17:12 <gmoss> this renders <div>by {{storyAuthor}}</div> when we\'d want it to render <div>by Alan</div>
2017-10-03T20:25:49 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-03T20:28:16 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-03T20:54:22 * amatas has quit
2017-10-03T21:02:46 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-03T21:10:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T21:17:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T21:19:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T21:54:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-03T22:09:09 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-03T23:15:26 * colinclark has quit
2017-10-03T23:25:05 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-10-03T23:25:39 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-10-03T23:39:47 * kavya has quit
'

