b'2017-01-16T19:20:44 <clown> You said:  "the centos/fedora boxes are already using 5.1.x additions".  So far, it\'s the "universal_default_xxx" box that\'s complaining, which is F24.
2017-01-16T19:20:53 <clown> The mismatch is bewteen GA 5.1.10  and 5.1.12.
2017-01-16T19:21:07 <clown> But, you\'re right, nothing bad has happened because of the mismatch.
2017-01-16T19:23:40 <clown> Just tried the "linux_default_xxx" box.  Same complaint.
2017-01-16T19:24:32 <colinclark> thanks, Justin_o
2017-01-16T19:32:38 <cindyli> Bosmon: i have a model listener that listens to a model path, if the value of this path is changed to "undefined", it seems the listener is not triggered
2017-01-16T19:32:52 <cindyli> is that what i should expect?
2017-01-16T19:33:55 <Bosmon> cindyli - changing the value of a model path to "undefined" is not supported in the model system
2017-01-16T19:33:57 <cindyli> also, i was actually change the path value to null, but seems what\'s received in that path is undefined
2017-01-16T19:34:11 <Bosmon> Since in general there is only support for JSON-equivalent values
2017-01-16T19:34:22 <Bosmon> cindyli - the path should receive null
2017-01-16T19:34:44 <cindyli> null should trigger the model listener, right, Bosmon
2017-01-16T19:34:46 <cindyli> ?
2017-01-16T19:34:51 <Bosmon> cindyli - right
2017-01-16T19:34:53 <cindyli> thank
2017-01-16T19:34:54 <cindyli> s
2017-01-16T19:35:08 <Bosmon> Assuming the value was not null before :)
2017-01-16T19:39:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: Do you know when you might have time to finish this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/103
2017-01-16T19:40:11 <Justin_o> it\'s slated to be part of the Infusion 2.0 docs, and it is one of the Docs PRs we are waiting on before we announce Infusion 2.0
2017-01-16T19:40:58 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I can look at it now
2017-01-16T19:41:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2017-01-16T19:41:10 <Bosmon> My feeling is that the only outstanding comment on it is the one from colinclark
2017-01-16T19:41:17 <Bosmon> SInce I resolved the-t-in-rtf \'s issues privately
2017-01-16T19:41:37 <Bosmon> These were the ones that led to my mailing list posting last week about the dangers of resolving the dependency on "infusion" via git URLs
2017-01-16T19:42:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah good, so not a bug with Infusion  :) but a  bad bug with npm :(
2017-01-16T19:44:44 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf believes it affects yarn too
2017-01-16T19:45:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s unfortunate
2017-01-16T19:45:48 * stegru has quit
2017-01-16T19:50:30 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-16T19:54:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I believe the root cause is that we store our project\'s trunk with a "real" version number at all times
2017-01-16T19:54:26 <Bosmon> I don\'t know whether there is some semver-like or npm-like "SNAPSHOT" convention we could adopt
2017-01-16T19:54:40 <Bosmon> Of course we\'d need to
2017-01-16T19:54:58 <Bosmon> update all of our publishing tools to match it, if we found such a thing
2017-01-16T19:55:08 <Bosmon> Perhaps it is safer just to advise never to use git-based dependencies
2017-01-16T19:55:39 <Bosmon> Although I remember in conversation with colinclark we had determined that it might be untenable to always advise against git-based dependencies
2017-01-16T19:55:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, and potentially we can get to a point where we have dev versions published automatically with the CI
2017-01-16T19:57:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you mean for cases where you are trying to test something you are developing, by pulling it into another project?
2017-01-16T20:06:47 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-16T20:11:24 * kavya joined the channel
2017-01-16T20:17:43 <Justin_o> alanharnum: sorry, getting back to your CDN comment
2017-01-16T20:18:08 <Justin_o> alanharnum: so the autoupdate feature would pull the NPM version and post it to their CDN?
2017-01-16T20:20:11 <alanharnum> Justin_o: yeah, we\'d configure it to pull the /dist directory; I think they made also expect semver-esque versioning, though.
2017-01-16T20:20:28 <alanharnum> once they\'ve accepted a library the manual updating is fairly straightforward
2017-01-16T20:21:24 <Justin_o> alanharnum: infusion uses semver so that should be okay
2017-01-16T20:21:29 <Justin_o> unless you mean something additional
2017-01-16T20:21:53 <Justin_o> alanharnum: and this is purely for the JS, or are we expecting our other assets to be part of the CDN?
2017-01-16T20:22:06 <alanharnum> you can put other assets (CSS and images, I believe) into the CDN
2017-01-16T20:22:19 <alanharnum> for the moment I\'ve just submitted the JS files
2017-01-16T20:22:27 <Justin_o> if we want all of infusion we may want to include more than the dist directory
2017-01-16T20:22:55 <Justin_o> alanharnum: which version did you submit?
2017-01-16T20:22:56 <alanharnum> does /dist/assets not include all of the official CSS/images?
2017-01-16T20:22:57 <Justin_o> infusion-all.js
2017-01-16T20:23:09 <Justin_o> alanharnum: it only includes things that were generated
2017-01-16T20:23:19 <Justin_o> and things that the generated css depends
2017-01-16T20:23:40 <Justin_o> so the prefs framework stuff is good, but say inline edits styles wouldn\'t be in there
2017-01-16T20:23:49 <alanharnum> I used the 2.0 /dist directory\'s JS files and submitted a minified version of each
2017-01-16T20:24:51 <Justin_o> alanharnum: okay
2017-01-16T20:27:44 * kavya has quit
2017-01-16T20:31:30 <jhung> Justin_o: I have time now to chat.
2017-01-16T20:31:47 <Justin_o> jhung: sure ready
2017-01-16T20:48:32 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-16T21:11:50 <jhung> so Justin_o. I\'m going to hold off my latest commit to the FLUID-5977 PR until I hear about what to do about the document.ready() best practice.
2017-01-16T21:12:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-16T21:12:22 <Justin_o> jhung: sure no problem
2017-01-16T21:20:04 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-16T21:29:51 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-16T21:33:32 <alanharnum> Bosmon, the saga of my browser detection investigation (https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6103?focusedCommentId=35028&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-35028) reveals it is still a hive of scum and villainy.
2017-01-16T21:34:43 <alanharnum> i think it is appropriate in this specific case (previously passing tests failing due to a regression introduced by a browser vendor), but I\'m not sure if there\'s a better alternative
2017-01-16T22:14:15 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-16T22:18:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-16T22:19:56 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-16T22:27:14 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-16T23:05:13 <Bosmon> alanharnum - yes, certainly it is scum and villainy all the way down
2017-01-16T23:07:49 <Bosmon> What you\'ve done looks eminently reasonable to me
2017-01-16T23:08:15 <Bosmon> You should cite our JIRA in question in your comment, as well as the upstream Chrome bug
2017-01-16T23:10:35 <alanharnum> Bosmon: will do
2017-01-16T23:12:35 <alanharnum> I think this is an OK solution for this situation; the "state of the art" in browser detection basically seems to be "check for the browser string you\'re looking for, then filter out by the name of browsers whose UA string is known to include that browser".
2017-01-16T23:13:50 <alanharnum> So Chrome = "includes string Chrome, does not include string Edge"; Safari = "includes string Safari, does not include string Chrome"; Edge and Firefox can be tested for simply by string, for now.
2017-01-16T23:14:40 <alanharnum> All of this a consequence of 20+ years of bad behaviour by everyone involved (web server and web application implementors, browser vendors) around the topic of "which browser is this?"
2017-01-16T23:19:59 * alanharnum goes home, thinking someone really must someday do something about all the problems caused by these "web" applications.
2017-01-16T23:33:39 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-01-16T23:38:08 * stegru has quit
'

b'2017-01-16T00:37:35 * stegru has quit
2017-01-16T03:41:44 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-16T06:19:50 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-16T06:24:31 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-16T07:41:49 * amatas joined the channel
2017-01-16T08:13:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-16T08:36:20 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-16T08:48:03 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-16T09:05:12 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-16T09:24:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-16T09:32:22 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-01-16T09:36:03 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-16T11:30:26 * LMNTRIX joined the channel
2017-01-16T12:25:15 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-01-16T12:58:27 * jhung joined the channel
2017-01-16T13:15:41 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-01-16T13:23:52 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:02:19 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:03:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:27:57 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:42:13 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:47:01 * yzen has quit
2017-01-16T14:49:43 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:50:30 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-16T14:50:33 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-16T14:52:41 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:53:05 * jhung joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:53:48 <clown> amatas, quick question:  what version of VirtualBox should I be using for GPII?
2017-01-16T14:56:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:57:32 <amatas> hi clown
2017-01-16T14:58:04 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-01-16T14:58:07 <amatas> 5.0.30 should work as well as 5.1.12
2017-01-16T15:04:15 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-01-16T15:10:21 <clown> thanks amatas.  I was considering going all out and upgrading to 5.1.12.  That\'s okay?
2017-01-16T15:10:53 <gtirloni_> that\'s the version I\'m using
2017-01-16T15:11:04 <clown> thank gtirloni_
2017-01-16T15:11:16 * clown goes to download page.
2017-01-16T15:14:00 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-16T15:21:18 <Justin_o> jhung: i left you some more comments on your FLUID-5977 PR
2017-01-16T15:21:51 <jhung> ok Justin_o. I\'ll take a look.
2017-01-16T15:22:44 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-01-16T15:25:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-16T15:28:31 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-01-16T15:30:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-16T15:40:17 <jhung> Justin_o: I created a pull request for the Infusion site. https://github.com/fluid-project/fluidproject.org/pull/10
2017-01-16T15:40:40 <jhung> * I mean Fluid Project site.
2017-01-16T15:41:09 <Justin_o> jhung:  thanks, i\'ll take a look
2017-01-16T15:41:46 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-16T15:57:03 <jhung> Justin_o: Left a comment in the FLUID-5977 PR re: document.ready(). You should probably ask someone else who knows this stuff better than me.
2017-01-16T15:57:27 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-16T16:03:52 <Justin_o> jhung: okay :)
2017-01-16T16:12:34 <amatas> clown, these are the envs that I have: https://github.com/GPII/nexus/pull/9#issuecomment-271369033
2017-01-16T16:14:15 * clown looks
2017-01-16T16:16:43 <clown> amatas:  I see "Vagrant 1.9.1, VirtualBox 5.1.10 on Mac OSX 10.12.2" .  I\'m using maOS 10.12.2.  So\xe2\x80\xa6 VirtualBox 5.1.12 is okay or not?
2017-01-16T16:18:01 <stegru> clown: i\'m using 5.1.12 (linux host), and it\'s been running ok for almost a day - I had problems with 5.1.x a few months back
2017-01-16T16:18:30 <clown> thanks stegru, but I\'m on a Mac host.
2017-01-16T16:19:12 <clown> Since I\'ve already installed VB 5.1.12, I\'ll go ahead and see if it\'s okay.
2017-01-16T16:19:40 <michelled1> Caren: is this the page you are looking for? https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Inclusive+Design+Toolkit
2017-01-16T16:19:51 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-16T16:24:43 <stegru> clown: i\'m using 5.1.12 (linux host), and it\'s been running ok for almost a day - I had problems with 5.1.x a few months back
2017-01-16T16:24:50 <stegru> oops, wrong window
2017-01-16T16:29:26 <clown> stegru, you\'ve found an echo.  ;-)
2017-01-16T16:30:58 <stegru> i hate the way the cursor in the VM still blinks, even though the VM window isn\'t focused.
2017-01-16T16:32:20 <jhernandez> stegru: QU\xc3\x89???
2017-01-16T16:32:28 <jhernandez> xDDDD
2017-01-16T16:32:53 <stegru> hablas ingles?
2017-01-16T16:42:51 <amatas> haha
2017-01-16T16:43:31 <amatas> clown, vbox 5.1.12 should work fine. At least it works well on my mac.
2017-01-16T16:57:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-16T16:58:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-16T17:01:02 <jhernandez> stegru: lo siento, no hablo espa\xc3\xb1olo
2017-01-16T17:01:06 <jhernandez> :P
2017-01-16T17:02:29 <stegru> yo tampoco
2017-01-16T17:07:41 <jhernandez> xDDD
2017-01-16T17:15:28 <gtirloni_> lol @ espa\xc3\xb1olo
2017-01-16T17:15:57 <gtirloni_> brazilians are guilty of thinking they speak spanish too
2017-01-16T17:16:10 <gtirloni_> we call it "portunhol"
2017-01-16T17:16:18 <gtirloni_> it\'s terrible :)
2017-01-16T17:38:17 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-16T17:42:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-16T17:55:21 * sgithens has quit
2017-01-16T17:57:05 <jhernandez> gtirloni: yeah, we have the same in Spain, we call it portu\xc3\xb1ol too
2017-01-16T17:59:02 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-16T18:01:12 <michelled> alanharnum, Caren, cindyli, colinclark, Justin_o: planning
2017-01-16T18:01:19 <Justin_o> michelled: thanks
2017-01-16T18:04:39 * Kobi joined the channel
2017-01-16T18:05:22 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-16T18:05:30 * David123_ joined the channel
2017-01-16T18:06:16 * yzen has quit
2017-01-16T18:22:36 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-01-16T18:44:56 <colinclark> ewbjr: Hey Edgar!
2017-01-16T18:45:20 <colinclark> ewbjr: We miss you terribly! :)
2017-01-16T18:45:52 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-16T18:46:37 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-16T18:49:38 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-16T18:49:54 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-16T18:54:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-16T18:58:35 <colinclark> Justin_o: Which page am I to edit with GSoC project plans?
2017-01-16T18:58:43 <colinclark> The Brainstorming page, or is there another one?
2017-01-16T18:59:58 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-16T19:00:17 <clown> amatas, thanks for you help so far, but I have another question.
2017-01-16T19:00:38 <clown> I\'m not sure it matters, but I\'m getting a message about the VM having the wrong guest additions.
2017-01-16T19:00:49 <Justin_o> colinclark:  https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2017+with+the+Fluid+Project
2017-01-16T19:00:54 <clown> How do I update them \xe2\x80\x94 is there a vagrant command for that?
2017-01-16T19:00:57 <colinclark> ok great, Justin_o
2017-01-16T19:01:26 <colinclark> Justin_o: I wonder if our "good first bugs" list should be updated in some way...
2017-01-16T19:01:29 <clown> so far, all I\'ve found is this:  http://kvz.io/blog/2013/01/16/vagrant-tip-keep-virtualbox-guest-additions-in-sync/
2017-01-16T19:02:44 <colinclark> Somehow avoiding a massive influx of "tidying" pull requests\xe2\x80\x94which are great, but maybe do a dual disservice of not being great ways to learn the code base and involving a lot of administrative overhead on our part
2017-01-16T19:03:28 <colinclark> I wonder if instead of this list, we could think of some "starting points" that prospective applicants could do to demonstrate their interest in the project itself
2017-01-16T19:04:00 <colinclark> I mean, our GSoC projects, rather than "the fluid project" more generally
2017-01-16T19:04:03 <colinclark> do you know what I mean?
2017-01-16T19:04:41 <Justin_o> colinclark: that\'s typically expected as well, as they start to narrow in on a project
2017-01-16T19:04:48 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-01-16T19:05:29 <Justin_o> colinclark: regarding bugs, i wanted to avoid things that were trivial, but at the same time provided an straightforward way into working on something in the community
2017-01-16T19:05:30 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-16T19:05:30 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-16T19:05:36 <Justin_o> to get an idea of the codebase and the practices
2017-01-16T19:05:37 <colinclark> My sense is that an issue like "Spelling error of the word "itself" in the description" just doesn\'t really fit what we need
2017-01-16T19:05:43 <Justin_o> perhaps something else could satisfy that
2017-01-16T19:06:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-16T19:06:15 <Justin_o> colinclark: yah that\'s fairly trivial
2017-01-16T19:08:11 <colinclark> I feel like maybe they could learn the codebase and find a way of working with the community with a bit more of a substantial engagement
2017-01-16T19:08:16 <colinclark> I think that\'s better for them and for us
2017-01-16T19:08:25 <colinclark> I\'m not entirely sure what form that should take
2017-01-16T19:09:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-16T19:09:28 <Justin_o> colinclark: i\'ve made some changes to the list of good first bugs for now
2017-01-16T19:09:47 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-01-16T19:12:02 <Justin_o> colinclark: i\'m not really sure of what form that could take at the moment either, but i\'ll try to think about it
2017-01-16T19:13:06 <Justin_o> alanharnum: if you are able to get Infusion added to the CDN, could you please update the Release Docs with the information about updating it. https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Release+Process
2017-01-16T19:13:14 <alanharnum> Justin_o: will do
2017-01-16T19:13:30 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2017-01-16T19:13:40 <alanharnum> For the moment I just added it manually, but longer term we will probably want to look at using their autoupdate approach
2017-01-16T19:13:56 <alanharnum> one thing I did notice with the /dist directory in NPM is that we don\'t include minified versions
2017-01-16T19:14:10 <alanharnum> which is something we may want to address, especially for getting added to CDNs
2017-01-16T19:14:25 <alanharnum> CDNJS requires all hosted files to be minified
2017-01-16T19:14:34 <colinclark> Justin_o: Perhaps for each project we could have some kind of "prototype task" associated with it
2017-01-16T19:14:59 <colinclark> or we could have a small set of Fluid-related issues that would directly impact the project the prospective student may end up working on
2017-01-16T19:15:05 <colinclark> things that aren\'t quite so generic
2017-01-16T19:15:12 <Justin_o> colinclark: those are good ideas
2017-01-16T19:15:26 <Justin_o> colinclark: i think either or both of those, depending on the project
2017-01-16T19:15:32 <Justin_o> would be good
2017-01-16T19:15:42 <colinclark> so, I don\'t know, if you thought your project would involve at lot of use of the Renderer, you could have a series of hand-picked issues that would relate to improving teh documentation of the Renderer, or fixing known issues that would affect the project
2017-01-16T19:15:42 <colinclark> etc.
2017-01-16T19:16:10 <colinclark> just a random example, if you see what I mean
2017-01-16T19:16:40 <Justin_o> totally get it
2017-01-16T19:16:43 <gtirloni> clown: the vb additions message should be harmless. the centos/fedora boxes are already using 5.1.x additions, the win10 boxes will be updated soon with it too
2017-01-16T19:17:04 <gtirloni> clown: if you\'re not experiencing an issue, it\'s okay to have different versions between guest and host
2017-01-16T19:17:13 <Justin_o> colinclark: i roughed in sections for those on the projects page.
2017-01-16T19:18:25 <colinclark> great
2017-01-16T19:20:38 <clown> gtirloni:  thanks.
'

