b"2017-11-15T21:24:38 <Bosmon> cindyli, your pull passed!
2017-11-15T21:24:40 <Bosmon> How great
2017-11-15T21:30:06 <cindyli> thanks, expected ;)
2017-11-15T21:30:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-15T21:31:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-15T21:36:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-15T21:37:40 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-11-15T21:46:14 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-15T22:16:21 <colinclark> gmoss: Tiny version of the tree :) http://www.lochgallery.com/files/lochgallery/imagecache/artwork-lightbox/client-files/artwork-images/chambers-jack/lochchambers2013041013383.jpg
2017-11-15T22:17:49 <colinclark> It was Little Red Riding Hood that he made with Curnoe and James Reaney
2017-11-15T22:19:05 <gmoss> colinclark: such detail! radiant is definitely the right word for it.
2017-11-15T22:20:20 <gmoss> btw here's the video I mentioned about the Nihilist Spasm Band practicing with my da back in the day: https://youtu.be/vDEvxcDEn4o
2017-11-15T22:26:08 <gmoss> (higher quality and longer version: https://youtu.be/4eTnYSDKRwc)
2017-11-15T22:55:57 <colinclark> WITH SPECIAL GUEST JOHN MOSS!!!
2017-11-15T22:56:37 <colinclark> I'm going to Chromecast this tonight
2017-11-15T22:56:39 <colinclark> so awesome
2017-11-15T23:18:50 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-15T23:27:27 * stegru has quit
"

b'2017-11-15T15:28:03 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-11-15T15:28:06 <Bosmon> Oh wait
2017-11-15T15:28:08 <Bosmon> It is the real one
2017-11-15T15:28:14 <Bosmon> Excuse me, my ear is playing up today : P
2017-11-15T15:30:05 <Bosmon> Right, yes
2017-11-15T15:30:11 <Bosmon> It is the compact notation as I suspected
2017-11-15T15:31:10 <Justin_o> oh what is the problem exactly?
2017-11-15T15:36:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, sorry, that was a red herring too
2017-11-15T15:37:04 <Bosmon> Could you paste me the stack trace that comes with the error?
2017-11-15T15:37:30 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/u6SDajkV/
2017-11-15T15:37:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2017-11-15T15:38:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ah well, that\'s interesting isn\'t it
2017-11-15T15:38:54 <Bosmon> So it is already in the implementation of your invoker
2017-11-15T15:39:04 <Justin_o> ah i just noticed that
2017-11-15T15:40:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks.. i think that should solve it.. i guess i mistook which fetch it was complaining about :(
2017-11-15T15:41:29 <Justin_o> sorry to have bothered you.. it was caused by a typo. ;(
2017-11-15T15:43:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - not to worry, these things happen
2017-11-15T15:43:24 <Bosmon> I thought that my mouse wheel had suddenly broken but it turns out that THER CATTE was resting his nose on the CTRL key : P
2017-11-15T15:44:18 <Justin_o> lol i didn\'t know that the CTRL key affected the mouse wheel
2017-11-15T15:44:23 <Bosmon> Neither did I : P
2017-11-15T15:46:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-15T15:46:28 <Justin_o> I guess i shouldn\'t be surprised that your Cat knows how to stop a mouse.
2017-11-15T15:48:56 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-11-15T15:49:16 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-15T15:53:23 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-11-15T15:53:56 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-11-15T16:01:06 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-15T16:03:26 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-11-15T16:03:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-15T16:11:02 <gtirloni> cindyli, tests pass for me on win10 host / fedora26 20171020 guest... and continue to fail on a fedora host. I don\'t think it\'s worth investigating this any further since CI seems okay... i\'ll probably nuke this fedora host and start from scratch. Thanks for helping checking this and sorry for the wasted time
2017-11-15T16:13:02 <cindyli> great it passes at least on the windows host. my pleasure to help even thought it\'s not been very helpful ;)
2017-11-15T16:24:10 <cindyli> Bosmon: when using "sequenceGrade" in the IoC testing framework, is this possible to override a sequence with the sequence name? a sample code snippet - https://pastebin.com/4ErZc9LE
2017-11-15T16:24:35 <cindyli> will the second sequence be overridden in "fluid.tests.overrideSecondSequence"?
2017-11-15T16:27:45 * kavya joined the channel
2017-11-15T16:27:50 <Bosmon> Hey there cindyli
2017-11-15T16:27:56 <Bosmon> Great that you are exploring sequence grades
2017-11-15T16:28:38 <cindyli> i have a strong use case for it now. glad it\'s been implemented :)
2017-11-15T16:29:34 <Bosmon> cindyli - great
2017-11-15T16:29:51 <Bosmon> Yes, options in fluid.test.sequence merge together in the default way
2017-11-15T16:29:55 <Bosmon> It has no mergePolicy registered
2017-11-15T16:30:05 <cindyli> cool. thanks
2017-11-15T16:30:11 <Bosmon> So any sequenceElements will just override each other
2017-11-15T16:33:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-15T16:46:15 <simonjb> gmoss: ping me if you\'d like to chat about fluid-couch-config refactoring, my proposal is different from what we discussed on Friday
2017-11-15T16:46:54 <simonjb> I thought about it some more on the weekend and figured we could come up with something that was more flexible and extensible
2017-11-15T16:48:10 <simonjb> but with good error reporting and isolation between configuration actions
2017-11-15T16:49:14 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-15T16:57:49 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-15T16:58:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-15T17:12:58 <gmoss> simonjb: sure, I think I\'ll finish reading it over first and then I\'ll get back to you :)
2017-11-15T17:17:35 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-15T17:17:35 * danayo has quit
2017-11-15T17:25:21 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-11-15T17:28:55 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-15T17:35:19 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-15T18:05:32 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-15T18:11:27 <Bosmon> Hey there chlorophilia - so I\'ve arrived at a kind of "minimum viable product" now : P
2017-11-15T18:11:29 <Bosmon> https://amb26.github.io/bagatelle/
2017-11-15T18:11:42 <Bosmon> Obviously there are a huge number of interaction issues and it is all a bit sluggish
2017-11-15T18:11:57 <Bosmon> But this basically shows what untempered SVG is like with about 1000 nodes in play
2017-11-15T18:12:37 <chlorophilia> holy wow!
2017-11-15T18:12:44 <Bosmon> The biggest room for obvious tweaks is in the "radial spacing" algorithm - I imagine once we have zoomed to a level where there is room for it, we would want to make room for the species labels in an "extra-large ring"
2017-11-15T18:13:02 <Bosmon> And lay these out radially rather than circularly as we do with the higher-level taxons
2017-11-15T18:13:02 <chlorophilia> this is excellent
2017-11-15T18:14:08 <Bosmon> And then some obvious hacks to stop the text displaying upside-down wouldn\'t go amiss .....
2017-11-15T18:14:21 <chlorophilia> This is great\xe2\x80\x94and makes sense to have separate js for each kingdom, if that helps
2017-11-15T18:14:32 <gloob> wow, an interesting usage of fluid/infusion
2017-11-15T18:14:37 <Bosmon> Well, we could
2017-11-15T18:14:52 <Bosmon> I was thinking we might just be a bit smarter about when we display all the individual species segments
2017-11-15T18:15:32 <Bosmon> If we suppress them until there are say, fewer than a hundred or so, the thing would be less cluttered as well as more performant
2017-11-15T18:15:48 <Bosmon> And we could probably then manage to show the data for all kingdoms in one view
2017-11-15T18:16:31 * stegru has quit
2017-11-15T18:22:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-15T18:22:54 <chlorophilia> Right \xe2\x80\xa6 \xe2\x80\x98destroying\xe2\x80\x99 some of the data at certain scales makes sense
2017-11-15T18:23:12 <chlorophilia> This is brilliant!
2017-11-15T18:23:45 <chlorophilia> I do think having text elements representing the species would be good, but I love the hover-over. Also, I can substitute more friendly terms for the various kingdoms, orders etc
2017-11-15T18:24:00 <chlorophilia> how is it colour coded currently?
2017-11-15T18:24:04 * amatas has quit
2017-11-15T18:24:32 <Bosmon> chlorophilia - it\'s coded based on proportion of "undocumented" species
2017-11-15T18:24:52 <chlorophilia> wow. nice touch!
2017-11-15T18:25:00 <Bosmon> An individual undocumented one will be in fairly pure pink : P
2017-11-15T18:25:44 <chlorophilia> What an excellent birthday present :)
2017-11-15T18:26:02 <Bosmon> Congrats, I hope you\'ve been getting some good beers in already :)
2017-11-15T18:31:08 <chlorophilia> hahahaha Oh I did last night\xe2\x80\xa6 unfortunately today I need to get my act together and tie up lots of loose ends
2017-11-15T18:31:17 * Caren joined the channel
2017-11-15T18:35:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-15T18:39:12 <chlorophilia> Thanks so so much, bosmon. This will be such a gem on the website.
2017-11-15T18:39:37 <Bosmon> chlorophilia - I hope so, let\'s see how much we can tidy it up first
2017-11-15T18:39:49 <Bosmon> Also in terms of making it as easy as possible for you to update
2017-11-15T18:40:57 <chlorophilia> odd how some species names are visible, others not?
2017-11-15T18:45:56 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-15T18:48:45 <Bosmon> All the leaf species should have tooltips..... the higher taxa will have curved labels rendered if there is space for them in the wedge
2017-11-15T18:49:18 <chlorophilia> bosmon this is great. props to you and to IDI. I am busy at work crafting a short-long term strategy for my research program and wonder whether IDI might have a role in innovating a novel environmental monitoring program. We\xe2\x80\x99re working on a funding strategy which is fairly complex but there may be private investors interested and I can match those funds through Mitacs, to support my research...
2017-11-15T18:50:05 <chlorophilia> so this wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t be a bagatelle\xe2\x80\x9d
2017-11-15T18:50:27 <Bosmon> yes, hopefully we can think of collaborations
2017-11-15T18:51:03 <Bosmon> Do talk more with colinclark when he is around
2017-11-15T18:56:16 <chlorophilia> I will.
2017-11-15T18:56:46 <chlorophilia> again thanks so much. This means a lot to me. It will be great to crown the website and get something launched that is a real portal into the project
2017-11-15T18:56:50 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-15T18:57:12 <Bosmon> So happy to be able to help such a worth project
2017-11-15T18:57:44 <Bosmon> Let me know what ideas you have about the strategy for laying out the radius, suppressing species display, etc : P
2017-11-15T18:57:47 <Bosmon> Or indeed anything else :)
2017-11-15T18:59:08 <Bosmon> I thought it might be nice to always have the total path back to "Life" always rendered, just as very condensed rings if you are zoomed in
2017-11-15T19:05:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-15T19:05:27 <chlorophilia> yes yes! that is helpful for sure
2017-11-15T19:06:24 <chlorophilia> I will poke around on it later on and try to come up with suggestions. otherwise, though, the approach you\xe2\x80\x99ve taken is excellent and you\xe2\x80\x99ve intuited most of the issues I would point out
2017-11-15T19:07:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-15T19:11:07 <colinclark> Bosmon: This is beautiful!
2017-11-15T19:11:08 <colinclark> really nice work
2017-11-15T19:11:15 <Justin_o> michelled: you might find this interesting https://teletype.atom.io/?utm_source=announcement&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=atom-teletype-1117
2017-11-15T19:11:29 <Bosmon> Cheers colinclark
2017-11-15T19:11:39 <Bosmon> We\'ll have a quite little "shush" over the fact that it is not yet accessible
2017-11-15T19:11:52 <colinclark> well, it seems to me that this is an opportunity
2017-11-15T19:11:54 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-15T19:11:54 <Bosmon> But I\'ve got lots of left-over utilities from fluid-authoring that I can put into play for this
2017-11-15T19:12:15 <colinclark> so this is great work because it has opened the opportunity for looking at how to make it accessible :)
2017-11-15T19:12:39 <colinclark> I watch this fantastic Danish boat repair guy on YouTube
2017-11-15T19:12:47 <colinclark> and he regularly encounters problems with his boat that would have me in tears
2017-11-15T19:12:58 <colinclark> and his response is always "This is really exciting, because now I get to learn how to do this!"
2017-11-15T19:16:32 <Bosmon> Yeah, learning how to sling around raw SVG paths by string concatenation was certainly "exciting" : P
2017-11-15T19:17:41 <Bosmon> Look at this junk : P
2017-11-15T19:17:44 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/bagatelle/blob/master/src/client/js/bagatelle.js#L231
2017-11-15T19:18:10 <Bosmon> Actually this fixes a rendering bug in the original D3, I don\'t think their engine is smart enough to characterise annuli .....
2017-11-15T19:20:34 * kavya has quit
2017-11-15T19:22:17 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-15T19:27:34 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting Parinaz will be talking about Captivating Places: The impact of inclusive design on inclusive place attachment
2017-11-15T19:27:36 <gmoss> Bosmon: very neat prototype!
2017-11-15T19:33:19 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: for collaborative note taking https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Nov+15%2C+2017%29+-+The+impact+of+inclusive+design+on+inclusive+place+attachment
2017-11-15T19:33:23 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-15T19:59:01 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-15T20:01:57 * stegru has quit
2017-11-15T20:03:12 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-15T20:11:20 <danayo> Bosmon!
2017-11-15T20:11:23 <danayo> the Batatelle!
2017-11-15T20:11:29 <danayo> *Bagatelle
2017-11-15T20:11:35 <danayo> super exciting
2017-11-15T20:18:23 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-15T20:32:42 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-15T20:51:23 * mrtyler has quit
2017-11-15T20:59:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-15T21:05:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-15T21:10:28 <colinclark> gmoss: https://www.torontoreviewofbooks.com/2012/02/highway-401-revisited-on-the-jack-chambers-retrospective-at-the-art-gallery-of-ontario/
2017-11-15T21:10:40 <gmoss> thanks, colinclark !
2017-11-15T21:10:45 <colinclark> "Now when I\xe2\x80\x99m on the 401 near London I always wonder which interchange Chambers painted. I think I know which one it is, and I could probably look it up on Google Streetview to make sure, or cross reference with the old King\xe2\x80\x99s Highway sign in the painting. But I don\xe2\x80\x99t really want to know exactly. It\xe2\x80\x99s better to think maybe they all could be the one in the painting."
2017-11-15T21:10:52 <gmoss> memories of the road home
2017-11-15T21:10:58 <colinclark> This captures the kind of affective relationship I was trying to get at
2017-11-15T21:11:24 <colinclark> I am always so excited to do that trip, a boring trip along a boring stretch of highway because Chambers had given it some life, some vibrancy
2017-11-15T21:12:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-15T21:15:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-15T21:24:25 <Bosmon> Cheers, danayo and gmoss :)
'

b'2017-11-15T00:03:12 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-15T00:10:58 * grrrero has quit
2017-11-15T00:17:57 * colinclark has quit
2017-11-15T00:53:11 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-15T01:33:41 * mrtyler_ joined the channel
2017-11-15T01:56:54 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-15T02:01:55 * mrtyler_ joined the channel
2017-11-15T02:15:39 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-15T02:52:14 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-15T02:58:12 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-15T02:59:19 <chlorophilia> I\xe2\x80\x99d love to see a demo if you\xe2\x80\x99ve got something I can poke at
2017-11-15T03:13:35 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-15T03:45:00 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-15T07:36:58 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-15T07:51:20 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-15T08:20:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-15T08:23:53 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-11-15T08:24:09 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-11-15T08:36:34 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-11-15T08:44:49 * amatas has quit
2017-11-15T09:15:43 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-15T09:19:25 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-11-15T09:25:02 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-15T09:31:49 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-11-15T09:34:15 * amatas has quit
2017-11-15T09:38:07 * amatas_ has quit
2017-11-15T10:24:47 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-15T10:26:18 <kasparnet_> Hey Bosmon
2017-11-15T10:26:41 <kasparnet_> I wanted to talk about the issue with *enabled terms pointed out by georgitodorov
2017-11-15T10:28:12 <kasparnet_> so I\'m still not quite sure what the best solution is, but I at least have some not-too-hacky suggestions to what we could do
2017-11-15T10:28:43 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - sounds great
2017-11-15T10:30:15 <kasparnet_> So I think it would make sense to reintroduce a decision that we made a long time ago, but never actually implemented
2017-11-15T10:30:30 <kasparnet_> namely the "dynamic" or "requiresRestart" key of a solutions registry entry
2017-11-15T10:30:57 <Bosmon> Hey there dandimitrov - I wanted to say that your posting to the architecture list was absolutely excellent :)
2017-11-15T10:31:07 <kasparnet_> denoting whether a solution requires it\'s update directive to be wrapped in a "stop"/"start" cycle or not
2017-11-15T10:31:13 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - yes, we need such a thing anyway
2017-11-15T10:31:26 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - well we need a thing LIKE this
2017-11-15T10:31:29 <Bosmon> Perhaps not exactly this : P
2017-11-15T10:32:01 <Bosmon> But in recent PSP designs, the Astea team was shown that they need to render different icons depending on whether solutions need a restart
2017-11-15T10:32:11 <kasparnet_> that\'ll also allow us more fine grained control when a setting change and we (still) dont want the solution running afterwards
2017-11-15T10:32:11 <Bosmon> Actually kasparnet_, have you seen these designs yet?
2017-11-15T10:32:19 <dandimitrov> Hi, Bosmon, thank you. Hope it helps in the future :)
2017-11-15T10:32:20 <Bosmon> Not to derail you, but it would be good to have this in mind in general
2017-11-15T10:32:30 <kasparnet_> yeah
2017-11-15T10:33:30 <kasparnet_> so the other big issue is that we currently ignore the *Enabled terms (except for the few cases where they are part of a model transformation document)
2017-11-15T10:33:40 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - it\'s here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1a7uNCSR0dTqOulTwNIBxvS_qZQJpJGLrG6qokE6Vol4/edit#heading=h.gcdhfuh2ni2x
2017-11-15T10:34:24 <kasparnet_> wow - so official
2017-11-15T10:34:35 <Bosmon> yeah :)
2017-11-15T10:36:06 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - REALLY REALLY good posting :)
2017-11-15T10:37:56 <kasparnet_> I guess we might need to make the dynamic/requiresRestart settingshandler block specific (i.e. not related to the type of settingshandler, but to each of the potentially multiple blocks of a solutions registry entry)
2017-11-15T10:38:57 <kasparnet_> anyway - in terms of the *Enabled terms, I think a reasonable solution might be to have an entry in the solutions registry specifying which common term dictates it\'s launch state
2017-11-15T10:39:42 <kasparnet_> so for example, the magnifier would have: "enabled": "http://registry.gpii.net/common/magnifierEnabled"
2017-11-15T10:40:05 <kasparnet_> I *think* this would allow us to treat as any ol\' common term/preference
2017-11-15T10:40:21 <kasparnet_> but know that it has a special meaning when necessary
2017-11-15T10:54:55 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - yes, I think this makes sense in general
2017-11-15T10:55:22 <Bosmon> There has to be some kind of encoded linkage between the name of a solution\'s terms, and the term which represents its enablement
2017-11-15T11:22:10 <kasparnet_> Bosmon, given all the changes there is in https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/507 related to launching and stopping applicaitons, I think it would make sense to either add the work to that pull request or do it once that\'s been merged
2017-11-15T11:23:07 <kasparnet_> if I create a JIRA describing the fix for the *enabled issue
2017-11-15T11:23:15 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - so you\'re proposing axing the "magnifier enabled" control from the current PSP?
2017-11-15T11:23:50 <kasparnet_> well, I guess if we axe them from the preferences set, they wont show up in the PCP
2017-11-15T11:24:10 <kasparnet_> and as soon as we support it in the backend, we can add the preference back into the set, and things will be working with the PCP?
2017-11-15T11:24:14 <kasparnet_> PSP* :)
2017-11-15T11:24:24 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - so I guess that\'s a "yes"? : P
2017-11-15T11:27:25 <kasparnet_> yes - but only as in: "astea shouldn\'t have to axe anything and re-add anything"
2017-11-15T11:27:39 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - sure, it will be all transparent at that end
2017-11-15T11:27:45 <kasparnet_> yup
2017-11-15T11:27:57 <Bosmon> I\'m just referring to the experience of those doing the user testing in a couple of weeks
2017-11-15T11:28:02 <kasparnet_> but indeed for the people using the GPII it\'ll seem to have been axed from the PSP
2017-11-15T11:28:13 <kasparnet_> ok - in that case, very yes :)
2017-11-15T11:38:34 <kasparnet_> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2685
2017-11-15T11:38:38 <kasparnet_> Bosmon, ^
2017-11-15T11:47:08 * stegru has quit
2017-11-15T12:03:28 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - looks very good, thanks
2017-11-15T12:05:27 <javjarfer[m]> Bosmon: back!
2017-11-15T12:06:19 <Bosmon> Hey there javjarfer[m]!
2017-11-15T12:06:32 <Bosmon> Are there great advantages to the new client? :)
2017-11-15T12:07:07 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-15T12:08:57 <javjarfer[m]> mostly the integration with matrix (some communities have move here),  file sharing, calls (video and audio) never test this, gifs I think, markdown, \'fancy\' display of url and text
2017-11-15T12:09:08 <javjarfer[m]> but I almost never use any of them xD
2017-11-15T12:09:08 <Bosmon> Wow, they actually got Mugabe BEFORE he died!
2017-11-15T12:09:10 <Bosmon> Quite amazing
2017-11-15T12:09:27 <Bosmon> Better late than never
2017-11-15T12:09:28 <javjarfer[m]> just curious about testing this new protocol mostly
2017-11-15T12:09:42 <Bosmon> gifs!
2017-11-15T12:11:39 <javjarfer[m]> haha yes! It\'s back compatible with IRC so I thought... why not
2017-11-15T12:22:29 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-15T12:23:33 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-15T12:32:39 <javjarfer[m]> Bosmon: I wanted to ask you about any tips for debugging my grades definitions? I can get working the modification for the acceptanceTests and kasparnet_  has suggested me to take a look to fluid.rootComponent, but I can\'t actually unpack it in the debugger to have a closer look to what I\'m missing
2017-11-15T12:33:03 <Bosmon> Hi - the place you want to look is fluid.globalInstantiator
2017-11-15T12:33:16 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ \'s memory is failing a bit in his old age :)
2017-11-15T12:33:29 <Bosmon> I always have fluid.globalInstantiator listed in the watch expressions panel
2017-11-15T12:33:41 <Bosmon> And from there you can get to the global map of all components in the member "pathToComponent"
2017-11-15T12:37:06 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-11-15T12:42:28 <javjarfer[m]> > And from there you can get to the global map of all components in the member "pathToComponent"
2017-11-15T12:42:28 <javjarfer[m]> That is a great win, but I\'m not finding the component I want
2017-11-15T12:42:37 <Bosmon> javjarfer[m] - perhaps it doesn\'t exist :)
2017-11-15T12:42:49 <javjarfer[m]> I will take a closer look! Thanks you! I will ask later I don\'t find it
2017-11-15T12:42:53 <Bosmon> Well - let me clearer
2017-11-15T12:42:56 <javjarfer[m]> > javjarfer[m] - perhaps it doesn\'t exist :)
2017-11-15T12:42:57 <javjarfer[m]> Could be!
2017-11-15T12:43:07 <Bosmon> If it is not in there, it *definitely* does not exist :)
2017-11-15T12:46:20 <javjarfer[m]> Bosmon: Great, are they represented as \'components\' and you need to search inside each one?
2017-11-15T12:47:39 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-11-15T12:54:05 * _javjarfer joined the channel
2017-11-15T12:56:21 * javjarfer has quit
2017-11-15T12:56:21 * _javjarfer has quit
2017-11-15T12:56:30 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-11-15T12:58:48 * javjarfer has quit
2017-11-15T12:59:09 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-11-15T13:23:33 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-11-15T13:34:51 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-15T13:37:11 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-15T13:39:29 * Caren joined the channel
2017-11-15T13:43:15 * Caren has quit
2017-11-15T13:46:19 * Caren joined the channel
2017-11-15T13:50:29 * Caren joined the channel
2017-11-15T13:59:56 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-15T14:07:03 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-15T14:09:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-15T14:12:53 <cindyli> gtirloni: regarding https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2684, i noticed later yesterday i wasn\'t using the latest fedora26 vm, after I updated and provisioned the vm, all tests passed. Joseph also helped me to test and all passed too
2017-11-15T14:13:49 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-11-15T14:14:30 <gtirloni> i was testing with an updated box i created yesterday... newer node, newer firefox, etc
2017-11-15T14:15:29 <gtirloni> do you have v20171020 ?
2017-11-15T14:16:33 <gtirloni> i\'ll try again with 20171020, but i\'m afraid newer chrome/firefox will break things for us
2017-11-15T14:17:01 <gtirloni> i\'ll update the JIRA when i\'m done re-testing with 20171020
2017-11-15T14:17:56 <cindyli> gtirloni: yes, i have v20171020
2017-11-15T14:18:40 <gtirloni> thanks
2017-11-15T14:26:07 * javjarfer has quit
2017-11-15T14:29:56 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-15T14:44:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-15T14:53:06 <gtirloni> cindyli: getting the same error with 20171020 box here. i\'ll test on windows next.
2017-11-15T14:53:32 <cindyli> noo...
2017-11-15T14:54:33 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-15T14:55:50 <mrtyler> anyone seen colinclark?
2017-11-15T14:58:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-15T14:59:15 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-15T15:08:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: just to let you know.. https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/pull/2 is ready for more review.
2017-11-15T15:09:55 <Bosmon> Thanks Justin_o - I\'ll take a look
2017-11-15T15:12:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2017-11-15T15:14:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also question about IoCTesting... i\'m trying to write a test for FLUID-6209 work.. i need to execute a task.. so i\'m trying to call an invoker like
2017-11-15T15:14:37 <Justin_o> task: "{remoteModelComponent}.fetch",
2017-11-15T15:15:31 <Justin_o> however i\'m getting an error that says "TypeError: Cannot read property \'fetch\' of undefined"
2017-11-15T15:15:53 <Justin_o> but i can log  "{remoteModelComponent}" and it prints out the component structure
2017-11-15T15:15:59 <Justin_o> any ideas what might be going on?
2017-11-15T15:19:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - looks like you may be misusing the compact notation
2017-11-15T15:19:11 <Bosmon> Can you paste me the entire context of your reference?
2017-11-15T15:24:57 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/f6Cpm4cN/
2017-11-15T15:25:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2017-11-15T15:27:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the problem is you created a fake thing called "remoteModelComponent" on line 123
2017-11-15T15:27:41 <Bosmon> Which all the references resolve onto
'

