b'2017-11-29T15:53:07 <stegru> that\'s a feature!
2017-11-29T15:53:28 <colinclark> Bosmon7: Talk about responsible disclosure!
2017-11-29T15:53:57 <colinclark> "I know, I\'ll tweet Apple Support about it and then write a cool Medium post to get all the famez!"
2017-11-29T15:55:12 <alanharnum> I think that issue (responsible disclosure behaviour aside) may have cemented my feeling that my next computer is going to try taking the Linux plunge again :/
2017-11-29T15:55:43 <Bosmon7> kasparnet seemed to feel the same way
2017-11-29T15:55:57 <stegru> ok, i\'ll shelve this api work until another time - I\'ll let my sub-conscious thoughts come up with something
2017-11-29T15:56:05 <alanharnum> also a "man, computers are unbelievably hard" reminder, if an engineering team the size and calibre of Apple\'s can introduce something like that
2017-11-29T15:56:07 <colinclark> stegru: sounds reasonable
2017-11-29T15:56:15 <Bosmon7> As for me, the increasingly extreme sport of installing Windows 7 on recent hardware awaits :)
2017-11-29T15:56:30 <colinclark> Bosmon7: because that\'s a recipe for solid long-term security :P
2017-11-29T15:56:47 <Bosmon7> Well, it really is
2017-11-29T15:57:00 <Bosmon7> I\'ve been able to log on as root with a blank password on all my systems since 2009 :)
2017-11-29T15:57:20 <stegru> others have too, no doubt
2017-11-29T15:58:22 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-11-29T15:59:46 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-29T16:00:25 <stegru> oh! exciting times... Tim Hortons is opening in my town (first in England, I think)
2017-11-29T16:00:45 <Bosmon7> That\'s simply horrific
2017-11-29T16:01:30 <stegru> i know.. the first step to canadianisaion
2017-11-29T16:03:35 <kasparnet_> that\'s awful
2017-11-29T16:04:23 <ussjoin> I would be interested to know what security features are planned to be disabled to make our API more student friendly?
2017-11-29T16:05:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m trying to craft something similar to fluid.promise.fireTransformEvent but instead of transforming the payload, it will just keep passing it along... however, i\'m getting stuck on a a call to fluid.event.resolveListener because the return value is an object instead of a function.. this seems to be happening to a listener that changes the model using changePath and value.
2017-11-29T16:06:43 <colinclark> stegru: worst news ever
2017-11-29T16:07:04 <kasparnet_> colinclark, Bosmon7 is the APCP meeting off today?
2017-11-29T16:07:07 <stegru> ussjoin: it\'s how the user listeners (currently) talk to the GPII process, via HTTP.
2017-11-29T16:07:16 <gtirloni> stegru colinclark: I hope Pizza Pizza is next!
2017-11-29T16:07:39 <colinclark> gtirloni: stop it!
2017-11-29T16:07:42 <colinclark> don\'t even say that
2017-11-29T16:07:52 <gtirloni> ! best.pizza.ever
2017-11-29T16:08:02 <gtirloni> ;)
2017-11-29T16:08:03 <stegru> pizza pizza.. we worked out that 1 pizza that feeds 5 canadians actually feeds 3 europeans
2017-11-29T16:08:15 <colinclark> and I think about a 100 Danes
2017-11-29T16:09:33 <stegru> 1 american
2017-11-29T16:10:28 <Bosmon7> That\'s only if it is a pizza topped with SOWSIDGES
2017-11-29T16:10:50 <stegru> something healthy
2017-11-29T16:11:22 <Bosmon7> Hi there Justin_o - because the return value of what is an object instead of a function?
2017-11-29T16:11:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: fluid.event.resolveListener(lisrec.listener);
2017-11-29T16:12:00 <Justin_o> when the listener uses changepath and value
2017-11-29T16:14:40 <Justin_o> i guess the issue is that the liars.listener itself isn\'t a function, but rather an object with an apply property
2017-11-29T16:16:03 <Bosmon7> liars!
2017-11-29T16:16:30 <Justin_o> lol oops.. autocorrect
2017-11-29T16:16:32 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - yes, I see, that\'s interesting
2017-11-29T16:16:32 <ussjoin> Stegru: my understanding was that would be going away quite soon, once we had a programmatic CA in place (which we now do).
2017-11-29T16:16:49 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - I thought this was some advanced joke based on "people who forge promises" or whatever : P
2017-11-29T16:17:21 <stegru> \'CA\'? as in certificate authority?
2017-11-29T16:17:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon7:  lol i\'m not clever enough for that
2017-11-29T16:17:35 <ussjoin> Yes.
2017-11-29T16:17:54 <stegru> ussjoin: this is a local process connecting to another, via http. there\'s no authentication and any process can connect to it
2017-11-29T16:18:35 <ussjoin> OK.
2017-11-29T16:18:35 <stegru> we\'re looking at removing it (keeping it in the same process), but apparently gregg wants it to be kept in, for tinkerers
2017-11-29T16:18:38 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - so yes, I guess we\'ve never had modelListeners incorporated into fireTransformEvent since this their argument structure would have interfered with their model idiom
2017-11-29T16:19:15 <colinclark> The work stegru has done is to move all our listeners into the local GPII process, ussjoin. I had always assumed that we would, after that was done, remove the REST endpoint for good.
2017-11-29T16:19:33 <colinclark> but it sounds like Gregg is keen to have "easy ways for students to experiment with user listeners"
2017-11-29T16:20:03 <stegru> actually, we will need to keep something like that in... otherwise, how would we test easily?
2017-11-29T16:20:22 <colinclark> test what easily?
2017-11-29T16:20:23 <stegru> the 127.0.0.1/user will no longer work
2017-11-29T16:20:30 <stegru> keying in
2017-11-29T16:20:34 <colinclark> ah yes
2017-11-29T16:20:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: yes, i don\'t think it would have been something you\'d expect to use in fireTransformEvent
2017-11-29T16:21:48 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - but I\'m still not quite clear what the problem is
2017-11-29T16:21:51 <stegru> ussjoin: I\'m interested in knowing what a CA would do in this case, or do we have crossed wires?
2017-11-29T16:21:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i could just handle it in mine, as I had to modify a couple of the functions anyways. Is there a way to fully resolve that to a function, should i just call lisrec.listener.apply?
2017-11-29T16:21:57 <Bosmon7> Since doesn\'t the event firer itself simply call apply by itself?
2017-11-29T16:22:15 <ussjoin> Slightly crossed, it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t help super much in this case.
2017-11-29T16:22:34 <ussjoin> I thought we were talking server-side.
2017-11-29T16:23:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: from FluidPromise the next line down is var value = lisrec.listener(that.returns[that.index], that.options);
2017-11-29T16:23:17 <Justin_o> so it tries to operate on lisrec.listener as a function
2017-11-29T16:23:49 <ussjoin> For local connectivity, you could still generate a cert and just pin it on the (local) client. I\xe2\x80\x99m just not sure it changes the actual defenses much (assuming the local listener is bound to 127.0.0.1 and not 0.0.0.0, of course).
2017-11-29T16:23:53 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - oh, very interesting
2017-11-29T16:24:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/FluidPromises.js#L208-L209
2017-11-29T16:24:07 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - well feel free to path makeTransformerStrategy too
2017-11-29T16:24:16 <Bosmon7> It should really deal with anything "applicable"
2017-11-29T16:24:17 <Bosmon7> And so should you
2017-11-29T16:24:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: what do you mean by "path"?
2017-11-29T16:25:00 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - sorry, patch
2017-11-29T16:25:07 <Bosmon7> On my travel keyboard :)
2017-11-29T16:25:22 <Bosmon7> But I shouldn\'t complain or use it as an excuse, it\'s a proper one with actual key travel : P
2017-11-29T16:26:01 <Justin_o> :) okay.. i\'ll modify that.. so is it enough to call lisrec.listener.apply when in this case?
2017-11-29T16:27:30 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - well, one should always call lisrec.listener.apply
2017-11-29T16:27:45 <Bosmon7> I guess fireTransformEvent was always its own little insulated experimental world
2017-11-29T16:28:05 <Bosmon7> Given that it fires a custom and uncontrollable signature, it was never quite seen as part of the world of IoC resolution
2017-11-29T16:28:15 <Bosmon7> But there\'s no reason why it shouldn\'t be
2017-11-29T16:28:21 <Bosmon7> This is all still just "proto-framework" of course
2017-11-29T16:28:32 <Bosmon7> Awaiting the final and grand abolition of all events and invokers :)
2017-11-29T16:29:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: will everything be sort of broadcast promises then?
2017-11-29T16:29:24 <Bosmon7> Well, "something like that"
2017-11-29T16:29:33 <Bosmon7> As we\'re finding out, the promise "API" itself has substantial limitations
2017-11-29T16:29:42 <Bosmon7> But it will certainly be grandfathered in in some form
2017-11-29T16:29:50 * alanharnum prepares his fork of "Infusion Classic" for the post-event/invoker world
2017-11-29T16:29:56 <Bosmon7> hahahaha
2017-11-29T16:31:14 <Bosmon7> I think this implementation of yours is showing how there are quite a few possible extra "dispositions" for a "request"
2017-11-29T16:31:29 <Bosmon7> We already knew that "resolve" and "reject" had to be extended with "cancel"
2017-11-29T16:31:44 <Bosmon7> But there is now an extra disposition which is something like "throttled" or "amalgamated"
2017-11-29T16:32:01 <Bosmon7> Meaning "This action is still in progress, but this particular element of it has been elided away as unnecessary"
2017-11-29T16:33:36 <Bosmon7> And the way this would be exposed in the overall promise calculus is quite different as well
2017-11-29T16:33:52 <Bosmon7> "cancelling" an action would cancel all outstanding elements of it
2017-11-29T16:34:57 <Bosmon7> Whereas this is an element which can only be propagated "bottom-up" - that is, the system discovers for reasons of capacity or overall quality of service that this subelement of the action needs to be coalesced with another one, either present or future
2017-11-29T16:36:43 <Bosmon7> Just as well we didn\'t try to abolish invokers and events without grappling with this use case :)
2017-11-29T16:47:44 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-29T17:00:06 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-29T17:00:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-29T17:08:29 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-29T17:25:51 * stegru has quit
2017-11-29T17:44:56 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-29T17:48:19 <gtirloni> Amazon EKS - https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/amazon-elastic-container-service-for-kubernetes/?nc1=b_rp
2017-11-29T17:48:55 <gtirloni> https://aws.amazon.com/eks/
2017-11-29T17:48:57 * jhung has quit
2017-11-29T17:49:35 <ussjoin> That\'s awesome, gtirloni.
2017-11-29T17:50:00 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-29T18:03:49 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-11-29T18:06:27 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-29T18:07:04 <gtirloni> IAM integration and official support for Calico (and thus network policies) seem huge for GPII
2017-11-29T18:24:05 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-29T18:51:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-29T18:58:26 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-29T19:11:48 <cindyli> amatas: are you there?
2017-11-29T19:25:56 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-29T19:34:54 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-29T19:35:02 * simonjb has quit
2017-11-29T19:36:22 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting Kelsey Merkley will be talking to us about Creative Commons. If you\'d like to participate in the collaborative note taking you can here https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Nov+29%2C+2017%29+-+Creative+Commons+Canada
2017-11-29T19:38:30 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-29T19:51:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-29T20:04:38 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-29T20:05:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-29T20:06:37 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-11-29T20:19:08 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-29T20:28:36 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-29T20:31:15 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-29T20:39:11 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-29T21:03:11 * simonjb has quit
2017-11-29T21:05:08 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-29T21:19:57 * amatas has quit
2017-11-29T21:20:29 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-29T21:32:48 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-29T21:35:39 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-11-29T21:45:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-29T21:48:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-29T21:48:38 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-29T21:53:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-29T22:17:07 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-29T22:22:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-29T22:43:18 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-29T23:40:11 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-29T23:42:25 * stegru has quit
'

b'2017-11-29T00:27:00 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-29T00:31:27 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-29T00:40:32 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-29T00:47:22 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-29T01:52:06 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-29T02:06:56 * grrrero has quit
2017-11-29T03:39:59 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-29T03:40:33 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-29T04:03:26 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-29T04:35:59 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-29T04:36:28 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-29T04:40:57 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-29T05:31:06 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-29T05:48:42 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2017-11-29T05:52:43 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2017-11-29T06:09:31 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-29T06:48:41 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-29T08:08:13 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-11-29T08:11:21 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-29T08:57:27 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-29T09:22:38 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-29T09:52:14 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-29T10:21:21 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-29T10:43:29 * Bosmon9 joined the channel
2017-11-29T11:28:13 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-29T11:51:50 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-11-29T12:34:20 * amatas_ has quit
2017-11-29T12:47:21 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-11-29T13:07:42 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-29T13:08:44 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-29T13:11:05 <dandimitrov> Hi there, kasparnet_! Just to ping with a question from yesterday - are you familiar with a user (token) with multiple preference sets?
2017-11-29T13:16:02 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-11-29T13:17:27 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2017-11-29T13:23:21 <kasparnet_> like multiple contexts, dandimitrov ?
2017-11-29T13:23:48 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-29T13:24:14 <kasparnet_> I\'m not sure if there are any within testData/preferences, but inside testData/preferences/acceptanceTests/ there is one called context1.json
2017-11-29T13:25:10 <kasparnet_> looks like vladimir has multiple contexts as well
2017-11-29T13:25:20 <kasparnet_> and he\'s in the regular preferences folder
2017-11-29T13:25:27 <kasparnet_> so you should just be able to log in with him
2017-11-29T13:26:01 <dandimitrov> As I recall there was some problem with his setting schema?
2017-11-29T13:26:16 <dandimitrov> Not sure about that
2017-11-29T13:27:44 <dandimitrov> And for context1.json - we\'ve been using it, but extracted it locally to the outer folder in order for the log in to work :/
2017-11-29T13:28:02 <kasparnet_> yeah, you\'d need to do that
2017-11-29T13:29:08 <dandimitrov> The problem is that we have tests that depend on it, which causes builds to fail...
2017-11-29T13:29:17 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-11-29T13:30:46 <kasparnet_> (the preference checking in subfolder needs https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/KETTLE-63 to be fixed before working)
2017-11-29T13:31:08 <kasparnet_> ah, I see
2017-11-29T13:31:33 <kasparnet_> it would be ok for you to add a new preference set to the preferences folder, which you\'re using for testing
2017-11-29T13:31:43 <kasparnet_> and submit a pull request with it to master
2017-11-29T13:32:01 <kasparnet_> alternatively, you can start up GPII with a config that looks in a different place for the preferences
2017-11-29T13:32:38 <kasparnet_> like with this config: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/tests/configs/gpii.tests.acceptance.localInstall.config.json
2017-11-29T13:40:08 <kasparnet_> dandimitrov, ^
2017-11-29T13:42:34 <dandimitrov> Great, kasparnet_, thanks. Probably changing the path wouldn\'t do trick as we are dependent on profiles from the outer folder.
2017-11-29T13:44:25 <kasparnet_> ah yes
2017-11-29T13:58:13 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-11-29T14:03:24 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-29T14:05:41 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-29T14:09:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-29T14:23:16 <Bosmon9> dandimitrov, kasparnet_ - so I\'m just in the usability planning meeting with Whitney, Lynn, Bern et al
2017-11-29T14:23:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-29T14:23:58 <Bosmon9> They are requesting that we do indeed have some kind of "fake preference" which triggers the "OS restart required" workflow
2017-11-29T14:25:59 <dandimitrov> Bosmon9, should it trigger a real OS restart, or just the UI warning?
2017-11-29T14:26:18 <Bosmon9> Just the UI warning
2017-11-29T14:26:46 <dandimitrov> Then we need just to target a setting to be mocked with the osRestart flag
2017-11-29T14:27:10 <Bosmon9> dandimitrov - right
2017-11-29T14:27:49 <Bosmon9> The suggestion is that the fake preference is the Chrome extension named "read to me"
2017-11-29T14:43:22 <dandimitrov> Bosmon9, it\'s easy enough to mock a setting in the dev configuration - just name it (when you decide) ;)
2017-11-29T14:45:22 <kasparnet_> Bosmon9, dandimitrov: support for liveness here https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/567
2017-11-29T14:51:08 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-29T14:51:55 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-11-29T14:53:19 <Bosmon7> Ok dandimitrov, kasparnet_ - here\'s the Google Docs with the final outcome from the meeting
2017-11-29T14:53:25 <Bosmon7> https://docs.google.com/document/d/17li77lLM4jzGYkZuJwvl3l0n_vNV7S9GWaE3PF7eBWg/edit
2017-11-29T14:54:27 <Bosmon7> The request is that the preference be named "Talk to the Computer" - I suggest some kind of common term like http://registry.gpii.net/common/speechControl to represent this
2017-11-29T14:55:03 <Bosmon7> And we should add a fresh snapset which includes this preference
2017-11-29T14:58:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-29T14:59:50 * kavya joined the channel
2017-11-29T15:07:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are you available to talk about promises?
2017-11-29T15:08:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-29T15:10:15 <dandimitrov> Bosmon7, so I guess you suggest us to update our universal dependency to use this WIP liveness branch? And these things to be done on kasparnet__\'s side?
2017-11-29T15:13:17 <Bosmon7> esm
2017-11-29T15:13:24 <Bosmon7> Yes, I guess that makes sense
2017-11-29T15:13:26 <Bosmon7> kasparnet_ ?
2017-11-29T15:15:55 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-29T15:16:31 * avtar joined the channel
2017-11-29T15:36:53 <stegru> colinclark: I\'m looking at the user listener API - do you have any more info on it?
2017-11-29T15:38:20 <Bosmon7> stegru - what are you looking at it in connection with?
2017-11-29T15:39:39 <stegru> well, the requirements for a new one, Bosmon7
2017-11-29T15:39:51 <stegru> what are they
2017-11-29T15:39:52 <Bosmon7> stegru - what new one do we need?
2017-11-29T15:40:06 <stegru> that\'s my question
2017-11-29T15:40:18 <Bosmon7> stegru - as far as I am aware, no new one is currently required
2017-11-29T15:40:47 <stegru> well, the fact that it\'s one of my work items suggests otherwise
2017-11-29T15:40:55 <Bosmon7> stegru - yes, I\'m on a call with Sandra at this very second
2017-11-29T15:41:00 <stegru> oh ok
2017-11-29T15:41:07 <Bosmon7> But I continue in my opinion that no new such API is required :)
2017-11-29T15:41:29 <Bosmon7> The current API we have will serve as a "development API" for anyone developing new user listeners which will be "out of core"
2017-11-29T15:41:43 <Bosmon7> And any listeners bundled into core will just continue to use direct function calls as I imagine you are currently doing
2017-11-29T15:41:48 <Bosmon7> Once I get to review your branch ....
2017-11-29T15:41:56 <stegru> Here\'s my brief: 4. Implement new user listeners based on new \xe2\x80\x9csimple\xe2\x80\x9d authentication strategy [2] [impossible to estimate until authentication group defines scope]
2017-11-29T15:43:20 <Bosmon7> Ok - well, consider it estimated :)
2017-11-29T15:43:35 <colinclark> yeah, 4 sounds a bit strange
2017-11-29T15:43:49 <stegru> I thought it was from you, colinclark
2017-11-29T15:43:58 <Bosmon7> I\'ve spoken to Gregg recently and we\'ve agreed our existing API is adequate for its purposes
2017-11-29T15:44:08 <colinclark> If it doesn\'t come directly from me, it\'s probably some bizarre mangling
2017-11-29T15:44:16 <colinclark> Bosmon7: yeah, but
2017-11-29T15:44:30 <colinclark> We may have too many conversations in flight at the same time with Gregg
2017-11-29T15:44:47 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-29T15:45:01 <colinclark> I suggested to him on Monday that we are not likely, for security reasons, to continue to bundle the REST-based listener API in the Flow Manager forever
2017-11-29T15:45:33 <colinclark> stegru: From my perspective, the only job that needed doing sooner rather than later was to fold our user listeners into the core
2017-11-29T15:45:47 <stegru> so, this is something that can be done later?
2017-11-29T15:45:49 <colinclark> so that we can deprecate the REST API and be able to more easily build the "user listener list" UI that they wanted
2017-11-29T15:45:51 <stegru> (the api)
2017-11-29T15:46:01 <stegru> ok
2017-11-29T15:46:05 <colinclark> presumably, yes
2017-11-29T15:46:10 <colinclark> given that I can\'t even quite decode what it means :)
2017-11-29T15:46:59 <colinclark> I think it\'s reasonable to assume that we will continue with a model where it is a user listener\'s responsibility to decode what sort of input it receives into a "key"
2017-11-29T15:47:34 <colinclark> at which point the API between it and the Flow Manager is the one we\'ve got, only via "function calls" instead of over HTTP from a remote process
2017-11-29T15:47:51 <stegru> ok
2017-11-29T15:48:27 <stegru> is there a future requirement of 3rd party listeners, that can be plugged in?
2017-11-29T15:48:38 <stegru> (I\'m asking, not saying)
2017-11-29T15:48:43 <colinclark> yup yup
2017-11-29T15:48:50 <colinclark> Well, there definitely will be new listeners
2017-11-29T15:48:57 <colinclark> presumably the API is same, though
2017-11-29T15:49:14 <colinclark> and third parties can make pull requests to our repositores?
2017-11-29T15:49:19 <stegru> ok, but they\'ll still need some type of IPC
2017-11-29T15:49:20 <colinclark> repositories
2017-11-29T15:49:27 <stegru> ah yes, ok
2017-11-29T15:49:32 <colinclark> only if they\'re out of process
2017-11-29T15:49:42 <Bosmon7> colinclark - in conversation Gregg\'s mentioned a kind of "arm\'s length, experimental" API
2017-11-29T15:49:46 <colinclark> yes
2017-11-29T15:50:12 <colinclark> Bosmon7: From my perspective, Gregg is at some point going to have to choose whether we are building a secure and production-scale system, or if he wants it to be easy for a "student or not skilled programmer" (as he put it to me) to be able to experiment with user listeners
2017-11-29T15:50:17 <Bosmon7> That people can use to experiment with wierd and wacky keyin strategies without bothering the core
2017-11-29T15:50:25 <colinclark> yes
2017-11-29T15:50:26 <colinclark> precisely
2017-11-29T15:50:38 <Bosmon7> Well, I imagine he\'s going to choose both :)
2017-11-29T15:50:42 <colinclark> indeed
2017-11-29T15:51:13 <colinclark> that may be an interesting conversation he\'ll have with ussjoin
2017-11-29T15:51:19 <colinclark> but I really don\'t mind
2017-11-29T15:51:26 <colinclark> we can leave the existing endpoint in place
2017-11-29T15:51:29 <Bosmon7> I don\'t see why we wouldn\'t continue to publish "dev builds"
2017-11-29T15:51:32 <colinclark> we should at least disable it by default or something
2017-11-29T15:51:36 <Bosmon7> That have things such as this endpoint in place
2017-11-29T15:51:40 <Bosmon7> We seem to be doing this a lot anyway
2017-11-29T15:51:55 <Bosmon7> Since the installer we deliver on Friday will have all kinds of hard-coded "dev" features ...
2017-11-29T15:52:07 <colinclark> yeah, I\'m not convinced it\'s a wise strategy as we move into production
2017-11-29T15:52:19 <Bosmon7> Very soon we should merge jhernandez pull that will allow us to actually start tracking versions of builds properly
2017-11-29T15:52:26 <colinclark> but i\'m fine with it if someone understands the trade-offs and risks and doesn\'t mind
2017-11-29T15:52:46 <colinclark> "special features" have a way of finding themselves accidentally enabled
2017-11-29T15:52:56 <colinclark> but who knows, maybe we have a really good system for avoiding this
2017-11-29T15:52:58 <Bosmon7> You mean like logging in as root with a blank password? : )
'

