b'2017-01-18T22:36:50 <avtar> i\'ve only used omnigraffle for these types of tasks
2017-01-18T22:36:51 <colinclark> :(
2017-01-18T22:37:06 <colinclark> do you also have an ancient license of it?
2017-01-18T22:37:06 <avtar> it\'s served me well so far
2017-01-18T22:37:09 <colinclark> your diagrams look hot
2017-01-18T22:37:23 <colinclark> as the EC reviewers from last year and the year before can attest
2017-01-18T22:37:27 <mrtyler> example of hot diagram plz
2017-01-18T22:38:09 <avtar> i wonder if i should be admitting this here
2017-01-18T22:38:21 <avtar> maybe the ops channel is a better place
2017-01-18T22:39:19 <colinclark> some nice older avtarian graffles here, mrtyler: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Quality_Infrastructure
2017-01-18T22:39:51 <colinclark> you\'ve undoubtedly seen some of my "highly unscientific" Illustrator artwork in the Archtecture overview pages in the wiki :P
2017-01-18T22:39:57 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-18T22:40:05 <colinclark> ACTUAL QUOTE FROM A EUROPEAN REVIEWER
2017-01-18T22:40:19 <colinclark> proper anti-aliasing === lack of scientific rigour
2017-01-18T22:40:40 <mrtyler> ooh i\'m digging the Author at the start of this flow: https://wiki.gpii.net/images/8/8e/Qi_dspace_integration_diagram.png
2017-01-18T22:41:00 <mrtyler> i think that dude was hand-assembled
2017-01-18T22:41:08 <colinclark> I think you might be rigth!
2017-01-18T22:41:33 <colinclark> only the finest handmade, limited edition, grass-fed stick figures for avtar
2017-01-18T23:05:44 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-18T23:09:29 <gloob> hahahaha, awesome quote the anti-aliasing one
2017-01-18T23:10:10 <gloob> use latex or looks like you are using it for a plus of scientific accurateness
2017-01-18T23:16:09 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-18T23:38:11 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-18T23:38:24 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-18T23:40:36 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-18T23:57:08 * stegru has quit
2017-01-18T23:59:44 * yzen is now known as yzen_
'

b'2017-01-18T17:25:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for catching the issue. So a couple solutions. 1) i could rename it back to 2.0.0 or 2) i could leave it as 3.0.0 and just clear out the section contents
2017-01-18T17:27:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - perhaps just adding a little block to make clear that this is a placeholder for 3.0.0-specific comments?
2017-01-18T17:28:08 <Bosmon> Another option is to rename this as something like ChangeLog rather than ReleaseNotes
2017-01-18T17:28:17 <Bosmon> And then give it the traditional section-structure
2017-01-18T17:28:26 <Bosmon> Keeping it as ReleaseNotes I think would imply clearing it out
2017-01-18T17:29:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think i\'d lean towards keeping it as release notes and clearing out the sections.. and then people can update it as they go along
2017-01-18T17:29:07 <Justin_o> how does that sound?
2017-01-18T17:30:15 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, sounds good to me
2017-01-18T17:30:21 <Justin_o> some of the content would stay, like obtaining infusion, demos, licenses... but i\'d clear out the what\'s new section
2017-01-18T17:30:35 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-18T17:44:05 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-01-18T17:44:43 <colinclark> I have this sense that maybe master\'s README should "lag behind," but I\'m not sure
2017-01-18T17:45:09 <colinclark> I mean, when people go to our Github repo, they see the README for master, first thing
2017-01-18T17:45:28 <colinclark> and I wonder to what extent it shoud be reflective of the latest release?
2017-01-18T17:45:33 <colinclark> it\'s sort of awkward
2017-01-18T17:45:49 <colinclark> but I guess for things like ReleaseNotes, we should just clear it out
2017-01-18T17:51:34 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-18T17:52:32 * Kobi joined the channel
2017-01-18T17:53:34 * David123_ joined the channel
2017-01-18T17:56:14 * LMNTRIX joined the channel
2017-01-18T18:06:15 <cindyli> colinclark: i was thinking about using OAuth for AChecker web service API. I feel it may not be necessary. oauth is to authorize who has permission to access which part of the user\'s information, but achecker as a public API that doesn\'t have this requirement.
2017-01-18T18:06:30 <colinclark> ok
2017-01-18T18:06:42 <colinclark> Doesn\'t, say, Github use OAuth for their public API?
2017-01-18T18:06:42 <cindyli> what achecker needs to know is when someone has abusive use of this service, we are able to track it down
2017-01-18T18:06:43 * Sitesh joined the channel
2017-01-18T18:06:51 <colinclark> right
2017-01-18T18:06:53 <cindyli> and able to disable this user
2017-01-18T18:06:58 <colinclark> yes, that\'s right
2017-01-18T18:07:06 <cindyli> this has been satisfied by using the web service ids
2017-01-18T18:07:42 <colinclark> How are the IDs registered?
2017-01-18T18:07:52 <colinclark> and what stops someone from acquiring someone else\'s ID?
2017-01-18T18:08:09 <cindyli> right now, the feature of sending email confirmations at user\'s registration is disabled for achecker.ca, we can enable it back on
2017-01-18T18:08:53 <cindyli> colinclark: i think we encourage ppl to use this service. if someone uses a fake id to register, isn\'t it fine?
2017-01-18T18:09:15 <cindyli> unless he/she uses it in the right way
2017-01-18T18:09:18 <colinclark> It\'s hard to know
2017-01-18T18:09:35 <colinclark> I guess it makes it harder to a) gather useful metrics and b) to address abuse
2017-01-18T18:09:42 <colinclark> a real authorization layer may be overkill
2017-01-18T18:09:50 <colinclark> I\'m just thinking through the strengths and weaknesses :)
2017-01-18T18:10:29 <cindyli> understand.
2017-01-18T18:10:43 <colinclark> I mean, it\'s hard to know
2017-01-18T18:10:45 <cindyli> the use of oauth would request the user to login, at least for the first time
2017-01-18T18:10:51 <colinclark> yup
2017-01-18T18:11:06 <colinclark> who is the user in this case, just so I\'m clear?
2017-01-18T18:11:08 <cindyli> i\'m also thinking of how to balance the knowing who you are and user convenience
2017-01-18T18:11:19 <colinclark> I\'m thinking that we\'re not really talking about end users
2017-01-18T18:11:20 <colinclark> but API users
2017-01-18T18:11:29 <colinclark> so you\'d use OAuth to grant applications access to the API
2017-01-18T18:11:41 <colinclark> not to grant applications access to a user\'s account or something
2017-01-18T18:12:21 <Justin_o> colinclark: in regards to an early discussion about READMEs and ReleaseNotes, the README for infusion is pretty general and talks about the things like building packages and etc. The version specific stuff I believe is all in the ReleaseNotes.
2017-01-18T18:12:38 <colinclark> ok, cool
2017-01-18T18:12:41 <colinclark> that seems reasonable then
2017-01-18T18:12:42 <cindyli> right, colinclark, like assigning client id/secret to an application
2017-01-18T18:12:45 <colinclark> yep, exactly
2017-01-18T18:13:13 <colinclark> It seems to me that if a company is using the ATutor API, and we want to introduce some terms for how they use it, then we want to be able to reliably track the identity of an application using AChecker
2017-01-18T18:13:16 <cindyli> this doesn\'t require a sign in at the beginning. but isn\'t that the same process as the registration?
2017-01-18T18:13:26 <colinclark> I don\'t know what you mean, can you elaborate?
2017-01-18T18:13:36 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-18T18:14:15 <cindyli> colinclark: are you thinking of splitting the regular end user registration and application client registration?
2017-01-18T18:14:21 <colinclark> yep
2017-01-18T18:14:27 <cindyli> that makes sense i think
2017-01-18T18:14:29 <colinclark> Again, just an idea
2017-01-18T18:14:38 <colinclark> but I\'m thinking something very similar to Github\'s workflow
2017-01-18T18:14:40 * kavya has quit
2017-01-18T18:14:46 <colinclark> which avtar knows quite well
2017-01-18T18:14:54 <colinclark> you\'d request an API key
2017-01-18T18:15:02 <colinclark> describe your application and how it uses AChecker to us
2017-01-18T18:15:24 <colinclark> and then we\'d approve it, you\'d get your secret, and each time an application made a request to the AChecker API, we could verify that it was from someone we knew
2017-01-18T18:15:37 <colinclark> I think you could argue that this a barrier to entry
2017-01-18T18:15:42 <colinclark> and maybe it\'s too steep of one
2017-01-18T18:15:57 <colinclark> on the other hand, at this point we really don\'t know much about who uses AChecker, or why
2017-01-18T18:16:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T18:17:22 <colinclark> uses AChecker\'s API, I mean
2017-01-18T18:17:34 <colinclark> I agree that users who are using the web interface should just be able to do so directly
2017-01-18T18:17:41 <colinclark> quick and easy, extremely low barrier to entry
2017-01-18T18:18:26 <cindyli> colinclark: this is a very good idea. i will have a look on github\'s workflow to understand the details.
2017-01-18T18:18:29 <cindyli> thanks, colinclark
2017-01-18T18:18:32 <avtar> just a minor correction that github doesn\'t approve keys, they just hand them out which gives you an increased requests per hour limit. i\'m assuming if they feel you\'re abusing the service then they\'ll revoke the key. otherwise anonymous requests are rate limited to 60 per hour. achecker should probably also have a rate limit by default
2017-01-18T18:18:46 <colinclark> ah, fascinating
2017-01-18T18:18:51 <colinclark> maybe this is a good compromise, avtar
2017-01-18T18:18:57 <colinclark> I\'d be awfully curious about your opinions on this topic
2017-01-18T18:19:03 <colinclark> having been our former system administrator for AChecker
2017-01-18T18:19:10 <colinclark> and having now used a lot of other APIs like this
2017-01-18T18:19:11 <colinclark> :)
2017-01-18T18:19:35 <avtar> i think it\'s totally fair to have a limit in place
2017-01-18T18:19:39 <avtar> that seems to be the norm
2017-01-18T18:20:06 <cindyli> cool
2017-01-18T18:20:07 <avtar> what that limit is however is something that needs to be determined
2017-01-18T18:20:47 <avtar> would a host be making more than 60 requests per min? how many per hour? etc.
2017-01-18T18:21:22 <avtar> this change could also easily be implemented using an nginx config where each client ip would be rate limited
2017-01-18T18:21:22 <colinclark> At some point, if someone is making a lot of requests for a busy, popular commercial product...
2017-01-18T18:21:32 <colinclark> one might like to receive some support for our service ;)
2017-01-18T18:21:55 <cindyli> :)
2017-01-18T18:22:20 <avtar> :-$
2017-01-18T18:22:59 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-18T18:24:25 <avtar> brb, going to grab some lunch
2017-01-18T18:24:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T18:27:40 * yzen has quit
2017-01-18T18:48:00 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T18:51:32 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-18T18:52:17 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-18T18:52:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T18:54:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:01:56 <Justin_o> cindyli: I\'ve updated the release notes as per the conversation in the channel https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/803
2017-01-18T19:02:25 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2017-01-18T19:13:22 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:22:32 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-18T19:26:55 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at the community meeting we\'ll be going through the inclusive design oer
2017-01-18T19:28:06 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:28:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:29:21 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:29:45 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:32:45 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:33:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:39:49 * avtar1 joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:40:08 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:40:34 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:51:33 * LMNTRIX joined the channel
2017-01-18T19:58:36 <clown_mtg> Kobi, David:  a floating nav bar, but on the right:  https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/nav
2017-01-18T19:59:04 * Sitesh has quit
2017-01-18T19:59:33 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-18T20:01:46 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-18T20:09:32 * gopal86 joined the channel
2017-01-18T20:09:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-18T20:32:28 <Justin_o> David123_: ^
2017-01-18T20:33:28 * stegru has quit
2017-01-18T20:36:59 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-18T20:46:37 <gopal86> hello there , i am a newbie and wanted to contribute.
2017-01-18T20:46:37 <gopal86> can any1 guide me through ??
2017-01-18T20:47:39 <michelled> hi gopal86: here\'s a very good place to start: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Getting+Started+on+GSoC
2017-01-18T20:48:37 <gopal86> thanks @michelled
2017-01-18T20:59:20 <danayo> hi Caren1
2017-01-18T21:01:03 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-18T21:01:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T21:16:23 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-18T21:34:28 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-18T21:36:31 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T21:48:12 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-18T22:10:47 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-18T22:18:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T22:21:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T22:28:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-18T22:33:46 <colinclark> avtar: You\'re an arty guy\xe2\x80\x94can I ask you a question?
2017-01-18T22:34:25 <avtar> sure
2017-01-18T22:35:09 <colinclark> I want to make a quick, non-ugly network diagram
2017-01-18T22:35:18 <colinclark> where "network" I mean circles/squares and lines
2017-01-18T22:35:39 <colinclark> not like, I don\'t know, a catalogue of all the scary spaghetti I\'m not allowed to touch in the data centre
2017-01-18T22:35:52 <colinclark> Do I...?
2017-01-18T22:36:14 <colinclark> a) renew my Adobe CS license for the $10 or whatever it costs for OCAD staff now that I\'m not a student
2017-01-18T22:36:28 <colinclark> b) find some ancient copy of OmniGraffle
2017-01-18T22:36:50 <colinclark> or c) just give up on aesthetics and use Google Draw?
'

b'2017-01-18T00:10:06 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-18T00:16:22 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-18T00:38:57 * Caren1 joined the channel
2017-01-18T01:03:10 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-01-18T01:08:44 * sgithens has quit
2017-01-18T01:42:05 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-01-18T02:10:47 * sgithens has quit
2017-01-18T02:30:02 * Caren1 has left the channel
2017-01-18T03:26:41 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-18T03:33:44 * yzen has quit
2017-01-18T04:05:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-18T04:13:36 * Sitesh joined the channel
2017-01-18T04:41:00 <Sitesh> gtirloni : i have reproduced the bug, should i go to fix and commit the bug ?
2017-01-18T05:22:00 * Sitesh has left the channel
2017-01-18T06:31:38 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-18T08:06:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-18T08:15:23 * amatas joined the channel
2017-01-18T08:50:57 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-18T09:33:05 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-18T09:36:12 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-18T09:37:26 * yzen has quit
2017-01-18T10:11:26 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-01-18T10:32:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T12:00:55 <gloob> stegru: for the new files created in the context of the APCP project needs to add this string in the copyright header https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Licensing#For_APCP_Developers and I think you can drop the FP7/cloud4all statement in this case too.
2017-01-18T12:01:29 <gloob> what is not clear to me if when to add that new apcp copyright statement in an existing file
2017-01-18T12:01:36 <stegru> oh yes, forgot about that
2017-01-18T12:01:41 <gloob> I think I should send a mail to arch mail list
2017-01-18T12:03:50 <stegru> ah ok, replace the "Sevent framework" statement with the department of education one?
2017-01-18T12:04:21 <gloob> no
2017-01-18T12:04:24 <gloob> it\'s all the paragraph
2017-01-18T12:04:49 <stegru> i think you should send an email, so it\'s clear
2017-01-18T12:05:27 <gloob> I\'ll
2017-01-18T12:06:45 <stegru> like this? https://gist.github.com/stegru/318824564d9b47df0ed9af89f4dafbe6/revisions
2017-01-18T12:11:09 <gloob> yes
2017-01-18T12:41:14 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-18T12:42:08 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-01-18T12:43:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T12:48:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T12:49:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T12:56:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-18T13:08:54 * jessm joined the channel
2017-01-18T13:09:57 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-18T13:14:14 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-18T13:20:57 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-01-18T13:28:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T13:29:37 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-01-18T13:48:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T13:53:11 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-18T13:54:21 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T14:03:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-18T14:21:41 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-18T14:48:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T14:52:05 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-01-18T15:03:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-18T15:05:06 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-18T15:11:43 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-18T15:17:34 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-18T15:19:25 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-01-18T15:19:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-18T15:21:27 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-18T15:27:29 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-01-18T15:28:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T15:34:21 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-18T15:52:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon, cindyli: would one of you be able to review my PR to update the Infusion version number in master. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/800
2017-01-18T15:52:56 <cindyli> i can do it, Justin_o
2017-01-18T15:53:45 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks...
2017-01-18T15:54:25 <cindyli> Justin_o: u may have missed my another msg in fluid-tech channel -
2017-01-18T15:54:29 <cindyli> Justin_o: does Sitesh need to fill out CLA for his pull request to be merged - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/802?
2017-01-18T15:54:51 <Justin_o> cindyli: ah thanks, didn\'t see that question
2017-01-18T15:54:59 <Justin_o> cindyli: so the answer is yes and no.
2017-01-18T15:55:43 <Justin_o> cindyli: so as things stand now, the answer is yes.. but colinclark and simonjb are looking into the CLA requirements at the moment. I\'d suggest holding off merging that till the end of the week. We\'re hoping to have more clarification on the CLAs by then.
2017-01-18T15:55:45 <stegru> colinclark: (or michelled ) where is this multiple instance check going, in the eletron app or the gpii core? (or both?)
2017-01-18T15:56:22 <cindyli> got it, thanks, Justin_o
2017-01-18T15:57:23 <Bosmon> stegru - I have a feeling it should go into the electron app, although we should talk this over
2017-01-18T15:57:35 <Bosmon> My thinking is that the check itself could go into core
2017-01-18T15:57:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you know what\'s needed to get https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/5 mergeable?
2017-01-18T15:57:54 <Bosmon> But the "action based on the check" needs to go into the outermost project, perhaps the gpii-app i ndeed
2017-01-18T15:57:55 <Bosmon> indeed
2017-01-18T15:58:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and if i should tack on a fix for this to that PR https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6104
2017-01-18T15:58:06 <stegru> yes Bosmon, the code in core and call the code from eletron
2017-01-18T15:58:15 <Bosmon> SInce I assume that the default action based on the check is to exit the process
2017-01-18T15:58:30 <Bosmon> Currently we could write the check in one of two ways, which are more or less portable
2017-01-18T15:58:48 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-18T15:58:52 <Bosmon> i) We could try to connect to the flowManager on its expected port, or ii) we could look for something resembling "ourselves" in the process list
2017-01-18T15:59:06 <Bosmon> ii) seems a little dicy since I imagine all we could really look for is node.exe
2017-01-18T15:59:14 <Bosmon> So if we go for i) the check can be completely portable
2017-01-18T15:59:32 <Bosmon> In future, all our localhost communications will go over electron-ipc, in which case the check code itself will go into gpii-app as well
2017-01-18T15:59:39 <stegru> what about a lock file.. put the process id in a file?
2017-01-18T15:59:40 <Bosmon> "perhaps"
2017-01-18T15:59:47 <Bosmon> Yes, we could do that too
2017-01-18T15:59:56 <Bosmon> Although those can be very upsetting in the case the process crashes
2017-01-18T16:00:16 <stegru> no, the new process reads the pid and checks if it\'s still there
2017-01-18T16:00:25 <stegru> still running, that is
2017-01-18T16:00:36 <Bosmon> Well, that\'s what I mean
2017-01-18T16:00:42 <Bosmon> HOw can we be absolutely sure that this is cleaned up?
2017-01-18T16:00:45 <Bosmon> When the old process exits
2017-01-18T16:00:59 <colinclark> Justin_o: The answer is no, unequivocally
2017-01-18T16:01:02 <colinclark> reagrding CLAs
2017-01-18T16:01:12 <colinclark> For a fix that involves a typo, there\'s no need
2017-01-18T16:01:24 <colinclark> there\'s no "intellectual property" at stake here
2017-01-18T16:01:28 <colinclark> hence no need for a CLA
2017-01-18T16:01:28 <stegru> well, if the pid is written to the file, the next instace will read that file and see if a process with that id is still running
2017-01-18T16:01:37 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks, cindyli ^
2017-01-18T16:01:43 <cindyli> colinclark: ok, also depends on what the changes are
2017-01-18T16:01:46 <Bosmon> stegru ah ok I see
2017-01-18T16:01:47 <stegru> it\'s the de-facto way, in linux
2017-01-18T16:01:54 <Bosmon> Very clever, sorry to be so ignorant :)
2017-01-18T16:02:10 <Bosmon> Can we get our own process id portably and easily, on Windows?
2017-01-18T16:02:20 <stegru> i think process.pid
2017-01-18T16:02:41 <Bosmon> ok
2017-01-18T16:03:20 * sgithens has left the channel
2017-01-18T16:03:26 <Bosmon> http://stackoverflow.com/questions/15471555/nodejs-process-info
2017-01-18T16:03:29 <Bosmon> "looks good to me", as they say
2017-01-18T16:03:49 <Bosmon> This file can go in the same dir that we just established we should use with michelled
2017-01-18T16:04:26 <Bosmon> The one that comes out of this method: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/journal/src/SettingsDir.js#L48
2017-01-18T16:04:34 <colinclark> cindyli: precisely
2017-01-18T16:04:48 <stegru> plus the existance of this file lets the new process know it\'s just crashed
2017-01-18T16:05:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-18T16:05:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-18T16:05:30 <Bosmon> stegru - ok
2017-01-18T16:05:40 <Bosmon> Here\'s our current impl for the gpii-app logging: https://github.com/michelled/gpii-app/blob/d32b00006399d166bf31c370a4efd35a003b9a65/src/logging.js
2017-01-18T16:05:56 <colinclark> Bosmon: Just catching up\xe2\x80\x94why logging the process id to a file instead of using Windows\' CreateMutex?
2017-01-18T16:06:05 <colinclark> just cross-platform viability?
2017-01-18T16:06:09 <Bosmon> colinclark - yes
2017-01-18T16:06:13 <colinclark> ok
2017-01-18T16:06:45 <Bosmon> And we will have built cross-platform process detection anyway
2017-01-18T16:07:26 <stegru> but now (today), the pid wont be cross-platform
2017-01-18T16:08:48 <Bosmon> stegru - yes, I suppose not
2017-01-18T16:08:52 <Bosmon> Given this is still in review: https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/82
2017-01-18T16:11:09 <Bosmon> kasparnet - do you think this looks close to go in?
2017-01-18T16:18:01 * kavya joined the channel
2017-01-18T16:21:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T16:24:04 <kasparnet> Bosmon: \'ish ... I figured it should be merged in relation to the matchmaker work I\'m doing
2017-01-18T16:31:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T16:32:22 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-18T16:32:28 <Bosmon> kasparnet - ok
2017-01-18T16:32:33 <Bosmon> Which is the work you\'re doing on that?
2017-01-18T16:35:07 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-18T16:43:57 <Bosmon> cindyli, Justin_o
2017-01-18T16:44:12 <Bosmon> Sorry that I didn\'t step in with review in a timely way, but there was a problem with pull request 800
2017-01-18T16:44:49 <Bosmon> In that it looks like Justin_o - has also simply renamed 2.0.0 to 3.0.0 in the Release Notes
2017-01-18T16:45:01 <Bosmon> They now simply read at the head "What\'s New in 3.0.0"
2017-01-18T16:46:26 <kasparnet> Bosmon: taking processes into account when doing the matchmaking, including making lifecycle actions -> settingshandler, journaling application states, etc
2017-01-18T16:46:52 <Bosmon> kasparnet - oh wow
2017-01-18T16:46:55 <Bosmon> Great, ok
2017-01-18T16:47:05 <Bosmon> Is there a pull/JIRA?
2017-01-18T16:50:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-18T17:01:07 <cindyli> good catch, Bosmon
2017-01-18T17:09:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-18T17:11:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

