b'2017-12-20T18:13:32 <javjarfer[m]> https://github.com/kaspermarkus/universal/blob/GPII-1230/testData/solutions/win32.json5#L3190
2017-12-20T18:13:45 * clown looks
2017-12-20T18:14:10 <clown> oh, right.  I remember that from a while back.
2017-12-20T18:14:33 <javjarfer[m]> so at the end, I will define my solution in terms of something similar to that new settings handler, or equivalent
2017-12-20T18:14:43 <clown> so, this is the new solutions registry format?
2017-12-20T18:15:01 <javjarfer[m]> and the acceptance test will receive a custom function for testing it, defined in that way
2017-12-20T18:15:06 <clown> the "isRunning" block is gone, and replaced with "getState"
2017-12-20T18:15:07 <clown> ?
2017-12-20T18:15:19 <javjarfer[m]> yes, that will be as soon as kaspers pulls reach master
2017-12-20T18:15:41 <javjarfer[m]> yes, at the end all queries will be a get operation over the specific settingshandler
2017-12-20T18:16:52 <clown> and, this is the code that actually "runs" (evaluates?) the getState entry:  https://github.com/kaspermarkus/universal/blob/GPII-1230/gpii/node_modules/settingsHandlers/src/LaunchHandlers.js#L78
2017-12-20T18:17:28 <Justin_o> gmoss: is this sort of what you want to do https://jsfiddle.net/L9rpLhu9/
2017-12-20T18:17:56 <Justin_o> in that fiddle the "combined" grade has two components "one" and "two" which share a model.
2017-12-20T18:18:19 <Justin_o> and changes made to the subcomponent "one" are reflected in "two"
2017-12-20T18:18:28 <Justin_o> you\'ll need to look at the console log to see the output though
2017-12-20T18:18:28 <javjarfer[m]> clown: you are right
2017-12-20T18:19:00 <clown> okay, then I have a question, javjarfer[m]
2017-12-20T18:19:31 <javjarfer[m]> clown: nice, I will try to answer xD all of this is also new for me
2017-12-20T18:19:34 <clown> what happens to the current mock process model in master: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/testing/src/Mocks.js#L48
2017-12-20T18:19:43 <clown> does that just disappear?
2017-12-20T18:19:59 <clown> or is that what the LaunchHandlers ultimately call?
2017-12-20T18:20:56 <javjarfer[m]> clown: in fact, Bosmon  suggested in the past windows meeting that we will need soon a new mock process model
2017-12-20T18:21:38 <gmoss> Justin_o: this looks close. so in this case, "one" is our story and "two" is the binder, yes? so i see that it merges the keys on One\'s model with those in Two\'s model without overriding, which is good. What we\'d also like is to have any changes in One\'s model reflected in Two, but now that I say that out loud it seems a little strange
2017-12-20T18:21:47 <javjarfer[m]> so, (and this is a guess) maybe it will need to disappear in long term, and I don\'t know what will happen with it in short term
2017-12-20T18:21:50 <gmoss> michelled: does that seem like what we\'re trying to achieve?
2017-12-20T18:21:51 <clown> right, and that\'s what I was talking about at today\'s meeting.  The new GPII-2775
2017-12-20T18:22:20 <clown> are you working on the new mock process model, javjarfer[m]?
2017-12-20T18:22:52 <javjarfer[m]> clown: not at all, I was just working in something that will be destroyed by Kasper\'s work
2017-12-20T18:22:59 <Justin_o> gmoss: so in the example i sent, there is a model change to "one" and that is reflected in "two" as well
2017-12-20T18:23:17 <javjarfer[m]> because it\'s literally a global replacement for my particular solution
2017-12-20T18:23:25 <clown> oh, so I might not be duplicating your work.  I might actually be complementing it, javjarfer[m]
2017-12-20T18:23:30 <clown> :-)
2017-12-20T18:23:46 <javjarfer[m]> that are great news
2017-12-20T18:23:56 <javjarfer[m]> so, what I should know about in order to complement better my work?
2017-12-20T18:24:08 <clown> is you solution published anywhere, in your repository?
2017-12-20T18:24:26 <javjarfer[m]> it was going to be in minutes
2017-12-20T18:24:36 * clown is still worried that I am duplicating javjarfer[m]\'s work.
2017-12-20T18:24:46 <gmoss> sorry I got that backwards, i meant a change in Two also reflected in One, in addition to what you\'ve got here, but that\'s already the case
2017-12-20T18:24:54 <gmoss> I think this is what we want, then!
2017-12-20T18:25:14 <javjarfer[m]> hahaha I think that not at all, but I\'m going to push and lets confirm it right now
2017-12-20T18:25:21 <javjarfer[m]> give me \'5 min\'
2017-12-20T18:25:33 <clown> only if you are ready to do that push.  I don\'t want to rush you.
2017-12-20T18:25:45 * clown continues to eat his lunch
2017-12-20T18:28:52 <michelled> gmoss, Justin_o: the only thing I don\'t see in this example is adding extra keys to the model - am I missing something?
2017-12-20T18:29:24 <michelled> so we want \'one\' model to be the same as \'two\' model but with two extra keys in it
2017-12-20T18:29:25 <Justin_o> michelled: that should be on line 42 and 43
2017-12-20T18:29:30 <gmoss> yes
2017-12-20T18:29:45 <gmoss> (to lines 42 and 43)
2017-12-20T18:29:56 <Justin_o> but those values will be replicated in both models
2017-12-20T18:30:14 <gmoss> mhmm... i don\'t think that\'s a problem in this case
2017-12-20T18:30:21 <michelled> ah, right, great
2017-12-20T18:31:17 <gmoss> so, in effect, one\'s model is a reference to two\'s model, and any changes made to one\'s are actually changing two\'s
2017-12-20T18:31:30 <gmoss> and they\'re both the same because they\'re both references to the same thing
2017-12-20T18:31:58 <Justin_o> i\'m not sure if they are actually the same structure underneath, but they are at least updated together
2017-12-20T18:32:14 <gmoss> mhmm. and that\'s all that matters :)
2017-12-20T18:32:21 <gmoss> thanks for helping us out, Justin_o!
2017-12-20T18:32:31 <Justin_o> gmoss: no problem, glad i could help
2017-12-20T18:33:26 <Justin_o> also if you want more info on model relays you can look at https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ModelRelay.html#controlling-propagation-through-a-relay-rule
2017-12-20T18:33:39 <Justin_o> sorry https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ModelRelay.html
2017-12-20T18:33:51 <Justin_o> there are a lot of other options and things you could do, like transformations and etc if you need those later
2017-12-20T18:35:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-12-20T18:36:24 * avtar has quit
2017-12-20T18:39:52 * avtar joined the channel
2017-12-20T18:45:10 * avtar has quit
2017-12-20T18:46:32 <javjarfer[m]> clown: hi! np, was ready, just local, at least ready to see
2017-12-20T18:46:43 <javjarfer[m]> it\'s all in github now, I\'m going to paste you the links
2017-12-20T18:47:52 <clown> cool, javjarfer[m]
2017-12-20T18:48:26 * avtar joined the channel
2017-12-20T18:48:37 <javjarfer[m]> https://github.com/JavierJF/universal/blob/10a10c27cd099d45d06b5275545b0b67c85f5ae8/tests/platform/windows/windows-classicShell-testSpec.js
2017-12-20T18:48:43 <javjarfer[m]> that is the test specification
2017-12-20T18:50:00 <javjarfer[m]> those are the simple modifications to the Acceptance tests evaluation https://github.com/JavierJF/universal/blob/10a10c27cd099d45d06b5275545b0b67c85f5ae8/gpii/node_modules/testing/src/Acceptance.js#L55
2017-12-20T18:51:09 <clown> off hand, I don\'t see a mock process model there anywhere (meaning, I\'m not duplicating your work).
2017-12-20T18:51:58 <clown> but, I also don\'t see kasper\'s new launchsettingshandler either.  Should I?
2017-12-20T18:52:50 <javjarfer[m]> no no, you shouldn\'t, that is why I was going to stop until Kasper\'s pulls is updated or reviewed
2017-12-20T18:53:04 <javjarfer[m]> because, that should be changed for that
2017-12-20T18:53:11 <clown> does that mean, it will go in there somehow?  Ah, okay.
2017-12-20T18:53:20 <javjarfer[m]> being the second that, the launchsettingshandler xD
2017-12-20T18:53:23 <clown> I htink you just answered, "yes".
2017-12-20T18:53:38 * clown thinking...
2017-12-20T18:54:46 <clown> I\'m wondering if the "processes" block in the testSpec.js file will vanish when the lauchsettingshandler is in place.
2017-12-20T18:54:49 <javjarfer[m]> yes, well, the custom function for the process check will be reused probably, if final version of Kasper\'s pulls offers something as the launchsetttingshandler.flexible, that currently has
2017-12-20T18:55:02 <javjarfer[m]> I think so
2017-12-20T18:55:07 <javjarfer[m]> it wont be there anymore
2017-12-20T18:55:30 <clown> So:  this line :  https://github.com/JavierJF/universal/blob/10a10c27cd099d45d06b5275545b0b67c85f5ae8/tests/platform/windows/windows-classicShell-testSpec.js#L101
2017-12-20T18:55:40 <clown> will be replaced with something like a "getState" block?
2017-12-20T18:56:16 <javjarfer[m]> well, really I think it will be replaced directly in the solution registry itself
2017-12-20T18:56:29 <javjarfer[m]> without the need of duplication in other file
2017-12-20T18:56:36 <clown> ah,  makes sense.
2017-12-20T18:57:06 <javjarfer[m]> yes, Kasper pulls really will bring a lot of consistence to the test system
2017-12-20T18:57:10 <clown> and, the solutions registry entry has a "getState" block
2017-12-20T18:57:17 <javjarfer[m]> yes
2017-12-20T18:57:25 <clown> yay kasper! (re:  consistency)
2017-12-20T18:58:20 <javjarfer[m]> haha yay!
2017-12-20T18:58:24 * kavya has quit
2017-12-20T18:58:31 <clown> so \xe2\x80\xa6 when runing integration tests, there needs to be some mock (of some kind) somewhere that will work with the launchsettingshanlder  "getState" processing.
2017-12-20T18:59:29 <clown> that\'s what I will be working on.  Does that dupicate anything you are doing?
2017-12-20T18:59:37 <clown> *duplicate
2017-12-20T19:00:45 <javjarfer[m]> nothing at all, but really cool, one more step for having a more consistent test system
2017-12-20T19:01:05 <clown> yah, javjarfer[m]
2017-12-20T19:02:05 <clown> my next issue is what branch I should branch from.  Probably kasper\'s GPII-1230 branch, since it has the "getState" and "launchsettingshandler" stuff in.
2017-12-20T19:02:14 <clown> but, it doesn\'t have everything.
2017-12-20T19:02:24 <clown> but, that\'s my problem.
2017-12-20T19:03:35 <javjarfer[m]> yes, Kasper advice for me was to wait until that get a second revision at least
2017-12-20T19:03:46 <javjarfer[m]> because things could change in a matter of days
2017-12-20T19:04:05 <clown> well, in a matter of days, I will be off for the Christmas break.
2017-12-20T19:04:06 <javjarfer[m]> so probably will be better to have all of this stalled until that is confirmed
2017-12-20T19:04:33 <javjarfer[m]> > well, in a matter of days, I will be off for the Christmas break.
2017-12-20T19:04:33 <javjarfer[m]> me too, but... I don\'t see any other solution
2017-12-20T19:05:07 <clown> I will still play with code and get a better sense of how to approach this, even though I will have to adapt it to whatever kasper does in the end.
2017-12-20T19:05:27 <clown> and, there is really just a day and a half left for me.  I won\'t get that far\xe2\x80\xa6 :-)
2017-12-20T19:06:11 <javjarfer[m]> clown: that is nice, I think I will switch to \'new wave settings onboarding\' until that happens
2017-12-20T19:06:13 <clown> > I don\'t see any other solution  < Look in the solutions registry.  Lots of solutions there.  :-P
2017-12-20T19:06:20 <javjarfer[m]> I will read your progress and learn from there
2017-12-20T19:06:33 <javjarfer[m]> > > I don\'t see any other solution < Look in the solutions registry. Lots of solutions there. :-P
2017-12-20T19:06:34 <javjarfer[m]> hahaha indeed
2017-12-20T19:07:00 <clown> cool.  thanks for your time javjarfer[m].  (this is what happens when I miss meetings).
2017-12-20T19:07:36 <javjarfer[m]> clown: haha not at all, yw, few minutes of talking, lot of hours not lost in repeating work
2017-12-20T19:08:11 <javjarfer[m]> now I know where to look also when Kasper\'s pull is ready
2017-12-20T19:08:41 <clown> right.
2017-12-20T19:32:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-12-20T19:36:55 * alanharnum has quit
2017-12-20T19:37:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-12-20T19:41:51 * alanharnum has quit
2017-12-20T19:43:02 <gmoss> michelled gtirloni where should we meet for our SJRK infrastructure discussion? I think Alan and Colin are ready soon
2017-12-20T19:48:34 <gtirloni> fluid_standup maybe?
2017-12-20T20:04:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-12-20T20:05:25 <michelled> gtirloni: yes, fluid-standup sounds good
2017-12-20T20:05:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-12-20T20:05:49 <michelled> alanharnum, colinclark: standup
2017-12-20T21:34:24 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-12-20T21:34:24 * kasparnet has quit
2017-12-20T21:46:11 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-12-20T21:50:28 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-12-20T21:56:30 * gtirloni has quit
2017-12-20T21:57:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-12-20T21:58:07 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-12-20T22:01:55 * clown has quit
2017-12-20T22:02:15 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-12-20T22:06:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-12-20T22:08:55 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-12-20T22:17:27 * avtar has quit
2017-12-20T22:17:49 * michelled has quit
2017-12-20T22:41:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-12-20T22:51:13 * amatas has quit
2017-12-20T23:18:19 * michelled joined the channel
2017-12-20T23:30:57 * michelled joined the channel
2017-12-20T23:31:55 * colinclark has quit
2017-12-20T23:56:09 * stegru has quit
'

b'2017-12-20T00:22:57 * stegru has quit
2017-12-20T02:08:48 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-12-20T02:27:02 * jhung joined the channel
2017-12-20T02:27:21 * jhung has quit
2017-12-20T03:34:41 * grrrero has quit
2017-12-20T06:09:12 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-12-20T06:23:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-12-20T06:41:37 * mrtyler has quit
2017-12-20T07:50:19 * amatas joined the channel
2017-12-20T08:02:41 * amatas has quit
2017-12-20T08:45:50 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-12-20T09:04:42 * stegru joined the channel
2017-12-20T09:54:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-12-20T10:14:06 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-12-20T10:48:15 * kasparnet has quit
2017-12-20T10:50:46 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-12-20T10:51:54 * amatas joined the channel
2017-12-20T11:24:26 <stegru> javjarfer[m]: I\'ve looked at your I18n PRs. congratulations on creating the world\'s longest json block.
2017-12-20T11:24:59 <georgitodorov> amatas, javjarfer[m]: Hello, Alfredo and Javi. Would you like to meet today to discuss the server setup request that we sent yesterday? How does 3:30 PM CET sound to you?
2017-12-20T11:26:03 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: hahaha I have been following the reviewing, thanks you for addressing it so fast, I was going to take a look to it in a while
2017-12-20T11:26:50 <javjarfer[m]> georgitodorov: Hi! JJ here, I think you were thinking in jhernandez
2017-12-20T11:27:31 <georgitodorov> Oh, yes. Sorry about that, JJ :)
2017-12-20T11:28:36 <stegru> javjarfer[m]: I didn\'t look closely at the schema rules, but they appear to be ok.. I\'ll check them with a nit-comb when you\'re closer to finishing
2017-12-20T11:29:20 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: yes, thanks there are lots of things for fixing on my side, no need of closer look right know
2017-12-20T11:30:23 <javjarfer[m]> georgitodorov: no worries!
2017-12-20T11:31:27 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: also I have pending to have a preliminar look to yours PR about language (which I\'m currently using) I hope to have something soon about that
2017-12-20T12:34:41 <amatas> georgitodorov: sure, could it be at 4:00PM CET?
2017-12-20T12:36:25 <georgitodorov> amatas: We would prefer if it could be earlier than that because more Astea team members will be able to attend in this case.
2017-12-20T12:52:18 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-12-20T12:59:06 <amatas> georgitodorov, jhernandez: ok, we\'ll met at 3:30pm CET then
2017-12-20T13:00:05 <georgitodorov> amatas: Great, thank you. How shall we meet? Using Skype or something else?
2017-12-20T13:01:51 <jhernandez> amatas, georgitodorov: 3:30pm works for me
2017-12-20T13:01:51 <amatas> I don\'t have the credentials for a gotomeeting, we can try skype
2017-12-20T13:02:20 <jhernandez> I do have credentials
2017-12-20T13:02:39 <jhernandez> so we can meet in gotomeeting
2017-12-20T13:04:35 <georgitodorov> jhernandez: Perfect. Can you share the URL to the meeting and any credentials we will need? Thanks!
2017-12-20T13:12:47 <jhernandez> georgitodorov: sure, we will meet at room 3 (https://app.gotomeeting.com/?meetingId=161482213) you don\'t need any credentials
2017-12-20T13:51:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-12-20T14:28:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-12-20T14:48:07 * Guest68 joined the channel
2017-12-20T14:50:16 <Guest68> Hi everyone! I\'m Juho from Sharetribe, an open source software for creating marketplace platforms https://www.sharetribe.com . I had a chat with Colin recently about the platform coop toolkit project IDRC is working on, and where Sharetribe could potentially be used. He invited me to this channel to participate in the discussion.
2017-12-20T14:50:21 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-12-20T14:55:02 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-12-20T15:00:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-12-20T15:05:12 * clown joined the channel
2017-12-20T15:05:14 * clown is now known as Guest87931
2017-12-20T15:05:46 * Guest87931 is now known as clown1
2017-12-20T15:05:51 <alanharnum> welcome Guest68
2017-12-20T15:06:07 <alanharnum> Colin is colinclark in the channel here
2017-12-20T15:06:18 <colinclark> hello!
2017-12-20T15:07:06 <colinclark> welcome to the channel, Juho Guest68!
2017-12-20T15:26:06 * kavya joined the channel
2017-12-20T15:32:48 <Guest68> colinclark thanks! hmm, I\'m seeing my nick as "Kusti", but I wonder if others still see it as Guest68...
2017-12-20T15:33:38 <Guest68> It\'s been a while since I used IRC the last time, though I did use it daily for almost 10 years :)
2017-12-20T15:34:02 * Guest68 has quit
2017-12-20T15:34:20 * Kusti joined the channel
2017-12-20T15:35:42 <Kusti> Hmm, I\'m wondering whether there\'s any web-based IRC client that would actually keep my session running even if I close the browser window, so I could just return any time and read the buffer. At least this system I use now seems to log me out whenever I close the browser window
2017-12-20T15:38:12 * michelled joined the channel
2017-12-20T15:38:29 <alanharnum> Kusti: I think https://www.irccloud.com/ is very popular for this - don\'t use it myself
2017-12-20T15:38:31 * alanharnum has quit
2017-12-20T15:43:29 <Justin_o> kasparnet: is there an architecture meeting today?
2017-12-20T15:43:54 <kasparnet> Justin_o, yes
2017-12-20T15:43:58 <kasparnet> in 1h15m approx
2017-12-20T15:47:20 * kavya has quit
2017-12-20T15:50:35 <Justin_o> kasparnet: thanks
2017-12-20T15:57:56 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-12-20T16:00:51 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-12-20T16:02:05 * kavya joined the channel
2017-12-20T16:02:45 * Jess_ has quit
2017-12-20T16:02:45 * Jess__ is now known as Jess_
2017-12-20T16:05:36 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-12-20T16:06:58 * Jess__ is now known as Jess_
2017-12-20T16:11:46 * Jess_ has quit
2017-12-20T16:18:58 <Kusti> IRCCloud souds promising, will need to check it out!
2017-12-20T16:21:35 <michelled> gtirloni, colinclark, gmoss: is there a good time today to meet to talk through the SJRK infrastructure research that Gio has been doing?
2017-12-20T16:21:47 <colinclark> yes
2017-12-20T16:21:50 <colinclark> this afternoon
2017-12-20T16:21:54 <gmoss> michelled: I\'m good any time today, other than during the community meeting
2017-12-20T16:21:57 <gmoss> wait
2017-12-20T16:21:59 <gmoss> there isn\'t one
2017-12-20T16:22:00 <gmoss> haha
2017-12-20T16:22:01 <colinclark> :)
2017-12-20T16:22:11 <gmoss> I\'m good all day! :]
2017-12-20T16:22:22 <gtirloni> same here
2017-12-20T16:23:11 <michelled> how about we use the community meeting time? 2:30 eastern
2017-12-20T16:23:18 <gmoss> sure, michelled
2017-12-20T16:24:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-12-20T16:31:07 * alanharnum has quit
2017-12-20T16:31:46 <colinclark> yeah, works for me, michelled
2017-12-20T16:41:07 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-12-20T16:45:56 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-12-20T16:50:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-12-20T16:54:26 <ussjoin> mrtyler: Heh, the notification of your email got me. "Eeep! The K cluster fell over?" Then I clicked through and found it\'s a writeup of someone else\'s issues. :-)
2017-12-20T16:59:56 * clown1 is now known as clown
2017-12-20T17:02:01 <mrtyler> ussjoin: i thought of that, and it\'s why i mentioned in the subject line that it was someone else\'s outage :)
2017-12-20T17:02:23 <ussjoin> Yes, you totally did; the misreading was 100% on me.
2017-12-20T17:03:05 <mrtyler> luckily we have no customers, so do we really even have outages? ;)
2017-12-20T17:04:16 <ussjoin> "If a tree falls in a forest, do we have to activate the incident response plan?"
2017-12-20T17:10:11 * colinclark has quit
2017-12-20T17:20:33 * gtirloni has quit
2017-12-20T17:21:51 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-12-20T17:30:39 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-12-20T17:30:52 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-12-20T17:31:11 * alanharnum has quit
2017-12-20T17:31:17 <gmoss> alanharnum Justin_o or anyone else: is there any prior art on duplicating every value on a subcomponent\'s model to that of another subcomponent?
2017-12-20T17:35:38 * michelled has quit
2017-12-20T17:43:27 * Kusti has quit
2017-12-20T17:44:08 * avtar joined the channel
2017-12-20T17:45:23 <Justin_o> gmoss: could you describe a bit more of what you\'d like to do?
2017-12-20T17:48:36 <gmoss> Justin_o: so in this instance, we have a story editor ui grade, which has a story subcomponent (just a model, basically) and a gpii-binder based subcomponent which will need to hook into some model values to bind to the DOM.
2017-12-20T17:49:10 <gmoss> we\'d like to wire things up such that any changes to the story\'s model are reflected in the binder and vice versa
2017-12-20T17:49:24 <Justin_o> gmoss: you should be able to do that with a model relay
2017-12-20T17:49:25 <gmoss> every ui grade has a story, but the editor is the only ui with a binder thus far
2017-12-20T17:49:45 <gmoss> michelle and I were having trouble determining how exactly to set up said relay
2017-12-20T17:50:02 <Justin_o> i\'m not familiar with the gpii-binder is it a model component?
2017-12-20T17:50:04 <gmoss> oh! and we\'d also like to add two extra keys to the binder\'s model
2017-12-20T17:50:11 <gmoss> it\'s a viewComponent, so it has a model
2017-12-20T17:50:13 <Justin_o> also do you have some code i could look at
2017-12-20T17:50:19 <gmoss> sure, one sec
2017-12-20T17:50:23 <Justin_o> thanks
2017-12-20T17:52:12 <gmoss> Justin_o you can see the three grades in question here: https://gist.github.com/BlueSlug/4b37838c4a6e8c7be3792b90adf06086
2017-12-20T17:52:33 <gmoss> it\'s still "in progress", so please forgive any errors
2017-12-20T17:53:09 <Justin_o> thanks, i\'ll take a look.. so which components are trying to share models
2017-12-20T17:53:28 <gmoss> binder and story
2017-12-20T17:53:33 <gmoss> via the editor which has one of each
2017-12-20T17:53:49 <gmoss> sorry, each sjrk.storyTelling.ui has a story
2017-12-20T17:53:54 <gmoss> i forgot to include that grade
2017-12-20T17:54:45 <gmoss> have updated the gist
2017-12-20T17:54:54 <Justin_o> thanks
2017-12-20T17:59:24 <Justin_o> gmoss: hmm.. maybe you could try adding this to the components block of the editor.
2017-12-20T17:59:36 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/Hskxxs2J/
2017-12-20T18:00:18 <javjarfer[m]> clown: Would you like to talk about the acceptance tests?
2017-12-20T18:00:19 <gmoss> hmm.. so the issue with this is that the binder doesn\'t already have a model defined, and so none of the keys that are present in story already will be present in binder
2017-12-20T18:00:23 <javjarfer[m]> or you prefer to talk about it tomorrow?
2017-12-20T18:00:43 <Justin_o> gmoss: so you\'re saying it wipes out the story\'s model?
2017-12-20T18:01:12 <gmoss> Justin_o: less that and more that the binder wouldn\'t get any of what the story has, which is what we\'d like to achieve
2017-12-20T18:01:40 <gmoss> we\'d like all values in the story model to be available in the binder\'s, and ideally updated along with any changes to the story model
2017-12-20T18:01:59 * michelled joined the channel
2017-12-20T18:02:07 <gmoss> the two extra keys specific to the binder\'s model don\'t need to be hooked up with the story
2017-12-20T18:02:27 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-12-20T18:03:58 <Justin_o> gmoss: okay... i\'m going to try to make a simple version of this and see if i can get something working
2017-12-20T18:04:11 <gmoss> thanks Justin_o!
2017-12-20T18:04:27 * kasparnet has quit
2017-12-20T18:04:57 <gmoss> if it\'s helpful, a slightly-less-up-to-date version of this code is available here: https://github.com/BlueSlug/sjrk-story-telling/tree/SJRK-45
2017-12-20T18:05:22 <Justin_o> thanks
2017-12-20T18:05:25 <gmoss> it\'s mid-refactoring so things are still a bit of a mess
2017-12-20T18:07:30 <clown> javjarfer[m]:  re:  talking about the acceptance tests:  today is better, or Fri.  I\'m away tomorrow.
2017-12-20T18:07:41 <clown> or, even today and Fri
2017-12-20T18:10:13 <clown> javjarfer[m] ^
2017-12-20T18:13:27 <javjarfer[m]> clown: nice, well, from my side the point is that my work will probably be refactor in something using this code from kasparnet pull
'

