b'2017-09-28T14:26:31 <grrrero> michelled: Ok!!
2017-09-28T14:27:27 * simonjb has quit
2017-09-28T14:27:44 <grrrero> michelled: Just working on turning those images into empty divs to be able to use  background-image for contrast themes
2017-09-28T14:33:24 <michelled> cool
2017-09-28T15:03:18 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-09-28T15:03:45 * danayo joined the channel
2017-09-28T15:25:58 <alanharnum> I\'m leaving shortly to commute to U of T for the workshop, so my standup update: mostly meetings yesterday afternoon (workshop planning w/Lisa, community meetings, bodies in translation)
2017-09-28T15:26:28 <alanharnum> this morning has been nudging DEEP/SJRK emails and workshop prep; this afternoon will be the workshop.
2017-09-28T15:26:38 <alanharnum> i\'ve also taken tomorrow as a vacation day so will see everyone Monday.
2017-09-28T15:27:10 <colinclark> good luck today at the workshop, alanharnum!
2017-09-28T15:27:32 <alanharnum> thanks colinclark!
2017-09-28T15:30:44 <colinclark> I will also miss standup today, as I\'m in the weekly GPII UX team meeting
2017-09-28T15:31:05 <colinclark> my biggest update is just to remind people that i will be away tomorrow and monday (for a memorial for my uncle)
2017-09-28T15:31:12 <colinclark> so if need anything, let me know today
2017-09-28T15:32:06 <colinclark> if anyone needs anything, that is :)
2017-09-28T15:52:33 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-28T16:27:30 * kavya joined the channel
2017-09-28T16:30:41 <gmoss> I missed the standup today as I was on the subway while it occurred, but here\'s my update: I spent yesterday working on a bug report for the aggregate event "bug" that Alan and I have been working on the last week or so (we have a fix). I also attended the community meeting (very interesting discussion around Alex\'s multiselect combo-box), and spent some time trying to figure out how to integrate gpii-handlebars
2017-09-28T16:30:42 <gmoss> with the storytelling tool to replace/supplement our current stringTemplate method of html templating
2017-09-28T16:31:17 <gmoss> today will be more work on the templating
2017-09-28T16:55:58 * danayo joined the channel
2017-09-28T17:29:20 <Justin_o> grrrero: what\'s the status of FLUID-5555?
2017-09-28T17:30:24 <grrrero> Justin_o: I hadn\'t looked at that in a while -- I think I needed to contribute infusion-icons repo to the community?
2017-09-28T17:35:18 <grrrero> Justin_o: I\'ll pick FLUID-5555 and FLOE-508 tomorrow I think, and do some PRs
2017-09-28T17:36:19 <Justin_o> grrrero: okay thanks.. for infusion-icons if it\'s ready to go, you can send an e-mail to fluid-work with your intention to contribute it to the community, and you can reference that it was done for FLUID-5555
2017-09-28T17:36:26 <amatas> hey stegru, are you interested in receiving the error emails from the AJCs PCs?
2017-09-28T17:36:50 <grrrero> Justin_o: Ok! Will do
2017-09-28T17:36:54 <Justin_o> thanks
2017-09-28T17:37:19 <grrrero> np
2017-09-28T17:43:29 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-09-28T17:45:37 * javjarfer_ has quit
2017-09-28T17:51:20 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-09-28T18:38:27 * stegru has quit
2017-09-28T18:41:46 * javjarfer has quit
2017-09-28T18:48:31 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-28T19:03:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-09-28T19:16:00 * stegru joined the channel
2017-09-28T19:17:08 <stegru> amatas: yes, ok
2017-09-28T19:46:13 * danayo joined the channel
2017-09-28T20:14:09 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-28T20:30:15 <stegru> FYI Bosmon: From a quick poke around with the nircmd\'s brightness setting: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1053
2017-09-28T20:48:56 * amatas has quit
2017-09-28T20:50:53 * clown has left the channel
2017-09-28T21:44:55 * kavya has quit
2017-09-28T21:46:00 <Bosmon> stegru - fascinating, and hilarious
2017-09-28T22:07:41 * danayo joined the channel
2017-09-28T22:40:33 * stegru has quit
2017-09-28T22:54:17 * stegru joined the channel
2017-09-28T23:02:08 * stegru has quit
'

b'2017-09-28T00:52:49 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-09-28T01:01:01 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-28T01:19:41 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-09-28T03:20:04 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-09-28T03:27:06 * danayo_ has quit
2017-09-28T06:07:35 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-09-28T06:16:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-28T06:43:11 * amatas joined the channel
2017-09-28T07:32:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-28T07:45:02 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-09-28T07:45:12 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-09-28T07:48:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-28T07:49:57 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hi, Antranig! I am having difficulties with the valueMapper transform. I would greatly appreciate it if you can help me with it. I guess it is a simple issue which won\'t take long. Thank you!
2017-09-28T08:02:44 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-09-28T08:02:47 <the-t-in-rtf> It may be a bit before he\'s online.  If you have code you can share and can describe the output, maybe I can look at it.
2017-09-28T08:02:55 <the-t-in-rtf> I do a lot with transforms in my own work.
2017-09-28T08:03:13 <the-t-in-rtf> @georgitodorov ^^^
2017-09-28T09:12:58 * javjarfer has quit
2017-09-28T09:34:41 * stegru joined the channel
2017-09-28T09:35:12 <georgitodorov> the-t-in-rtf: Thank you, here is a link to the code snippet I am struggling with: https://gist.github.com/georgitodorov/dbb353f88e36e153cf9834062211e444
2017-09-28T09:35:55 <georgitodorov> My idea is to change the value of the `icon` property based on the value of the `keyedInUserToken`
2017-09-28T09:36:56 <georgitodorov> If the keyedInUserToken is null, use a value defined in the options of the component. If the token is something else, use a different value, again from within the component\'s options
2017-09-28T09:37:15 <georgitodorov> However, it seems that the `null` clause is never matched
2017-09-28T09:37:46 <georgitodorov> The code is always going to the `noMatch` clause regardless of the value of `keyedInUserToken`
2017-09-28T09:39:07 <the-t-in-rtf> Seems like you need to move the value to the "source" key in the parent object, as in the examples here: https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ModelRelay.html
2017-09-28T09:39:50 <the-t-in-rtf> but that\'s just a guess.  I can try some things out in a bit.
2017-09-28T10:04:10 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, it took a while to get your example to the same point in codepen, but here we go.
2017-09-28T10:04:18 <the-t-in-rtf> https://codepen.io/anon/pen/dVWVjw?editors=1111
2017-09-28T10:04:55 <the-t-in-rtf> I don\'t often use transforms as part of a model relay, so I left a simple example commented above what you\'re trying.
2017-09-28T10:05:03 <the-t-in-rtf> Looking at the valueMapper docs now.
2017-09-28T10:11:42 <georgitodorov> I don\'t know if this valueMapper can produce an output which is not an object
2017-09-28T10:12:51 <georgitodorov> In the documentation of the valueMapper, it is said that either outputPath or defaultOutputPath should be provided
2017-09-28T10:15:33 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-09-28T10:31:09 <Bosmon> Hi there georgitodorov - you can\'t match the primitive value "null" using the short form syntax
2017-09-28T10:31:24 <Bosmon> That always just matches the string "null"
2017-09-28T10:31:30 <Bosmon> Sorry to write these both in quotes here : P
2017-09-28T10:31:32 <Bosmon> But you know what I mean
2017-09-28T10:32:28 <Bosmon> Let\'s see if IRC swallows backticks `undefined`
2017-09-28T10:32:36 <Bosmon> Ok, that seems fine : P
2017-09-28T10:33:19 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - so in this case you need to use the longer form for a match, including inputValue: null
2017-09-28T10:35:52 <Bosmon> We should improve the docs to be clear that the "Shorthand syntax" can only be used where all input values to be matched are strings
2017-09-28T10:36:17 * javjarfer_ joined the channel
2017-09-28T10:39:44 * javjarfer has quit
2017-09-28T10:41:57 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-28T10:42:29 <the-t-in-rtf> I think we may need input from @Bosmon, my suspicion is that singleTransform only works for things that use an inputPath
2017-09-28T10:42:41 <the-t-in-rtf> We may need to use transform instead.
2017-09-28T10:44:59 <the-t-in-rtf> I was trying to use fluid.transforms.condition, which seemed like a good fit for what you wanted.
2017-09-28T10:46:13 <georgitodorov> Bosmon, the-t-in-rtf: Thank you both, I will try out what you suggested shortly and will let you know if everthing is okay.
2017-09-28T10:47:49 <the-t-in-rtf> ah, that\'s a better explanation.
2017-09-28T10:48:06 <the-t-in-rtf> Seeing if I can clean up my codepen example, as I found it pretty useful in trying things out.
2017-09-28T10:51:53 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon, I updated the codepen example, I still see the same behavior with the long form: https://codepen.io/anon/pen/dVWVjw?editors=1111
2017-09-28T10:53:49 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'d love some input on how to use the input as the condition in fluid.transforms.condition
2017-09-28T10:54:26 <the-t-in-rtf> sorry, too many uses of input, I\'d like to know how to use the implicit input that comes from "source" as the value of "condition" in fluid.transforms.condition.
2017-09-28T10:54:38 <the-t-in-rtf> it seems like a useful pattern.
2017-09-28T11:15:24 <the-t-in-rtf> I looked through the docs and infusion repo, including the tests, but couldn\'t find a good example of using transform rather than singleTransform with model relay.
2017-09-28T11:25:14 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - the transform in addition requires defaultInputPath "" to be supplied - we have a JIRA open to rename this nonstandard option to "inputPath" which would then mean that the framework would successfully default it
2017-09-28T11:25:47 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - I\'ve updated the-t-in-rtf \'s codepen so it works
2017-09-28T11:27:45 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hmm, the codepen seems the same to me. The `defaultInputPath` is not there. The results are still wrong there
2017-09-28T11:28:56 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-28T11:29:14 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks for that, @Bosmon
2017-09-28T11:32:53 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - I don\'t know how shared ownership of codepens works
2017-09-28T11:32:57 <Bosmon> Do I need to save it explicitly?
2017-09-28T11:33:17 <Bosmon> I just took the-t-in-rtf \'s page and started editing it.....
2017-09-28T11:34:01 <georgitodorov> Neiter do I :( Maybe only the owner can edit it
2017-09-28T11:34:13 <Bosmon> Perhaps I "Fork" it?
2017-09-28T11:34:28 <Bosmon> Ok
2017-09-28T11:34:35 <Bosmon> I\'m signing up with an account....
2017-09-28T11:35:22 <the-t-in-rtf> I think you might already have some kind of fork, I can\'t see your changes.
2017-09-28T11:35:27 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I need to do that as well.
2017-09-28T11:35:46 <Bosmon> Ok, try https://codepen.io/Bosmon/pen/NajXZZ?editors=1111
2017-09-28T11:36:21 <Bosmon> We should update the CloudFlare thing though since there has already been an update to the valueMapper since the Infusion 2.0 release
2017-09-28T11:36:28 <Bosmon> Does anyone know how to do that?
2017-09-28T11:37:02 <Bosmon> I\'ve added this example as an annotation to https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6179 and https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5357 which are related JIRAs
2017-09-28T11:37:07 <Bosmon> Since the additional "defaultInputPath" shouldn\'t be necessary
2017-09-28T11:37:26 <Bosmon> It\'s just the valueMapper grew up by itself with a set of non-standardly named top-level options
2017-09-28T11:37:33 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I see the changes now, thanks a lot!!
2017-09-28T11:37:57 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'d ask Alan when he comes online, he should know.
2017-09-28T11:48:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-28T12:17:46 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-28T12:27:56 <cindyli> Bosmon: can you fill up this doodle when you have a chance - https://beta.doodle.com/poll/q6ydr7f2i7q2p5eh#table. it\'s for the meeting about our testing environments talked at the arch meeting yesterday. thanks
2017-09-28T12:30:35 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-09-28T12:31:10 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-09-28T12:44:57 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-28T12:45:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-28T12:50:04 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-28T12:59:31 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-09-28T13:04:38 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-28T13:07:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-28T13:19:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: good morning.. we didn\'t get a chance to talk about my infusion-docs PR yesterday
2017-09-28T13:19:28 <Justin_o> would you have time today?
2017-09-28T13:19:52 <cindyli> yes, Justin_o, do you have time now?
2017-09-28T13:23:07 <simonjb> cindyli: I\'ve merged https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/555 Would you be able to merge master into your GPII-2435?
2017-09-28T13:23:28 <cindyli> sure, simonjb
2017-09-28T13:23:34 <simonjb> awesome, thanks!
2017-09-28T13:28:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: sorry, didn\'t notice your replied :(
2017-09-28T13:29:02 <Justin_o> i have a quick meeting at 9:30 but can chat with you right after
2017-09-28T13:29:04 <Justin_o> is that okay?
2017-09-28T13:29:16 <cindyli> that\'s great. thanks, Justin_o
2017-09-28T13:30:59 <cindyli> Justin_o: i read about google search console and understand more about it. I think we don\'t need to meet
2017-09-28T13:31:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: ah okay
2017-09-28T13:33:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-28T13:33:14 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-28T13:38:13 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-09-28T13:41:06 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'m done my call now, if you had anyone questions after all
2017-09-28T13:41:42 <cindyli> thanks for checking, Justin_o. i don\'t have questions and just merged your pull request
2017-09-28T13:41:52 <Justin_o> cindyli: excellent, thanks :)
2017-09-28T13:42:15 <Justin_o> cindyli: did you also deploy it to the gh-pages branch?
2017-09-28T13:43:40 <cindyli> not yet. isn\'t it hooked up with auto deployment with every push into the master, Justin_o?
2017-09-28T13:43:51 <Justin_o> cindyli: from gh-pages
2017-09-28T13:44:10 <cindyli> ah, how do you do it. checking readme
2017-09-28T13:44:30 <Justin_o> I think you do the same as before, except that it is hosted on our own site instead of github pages..
2017-09-28T13:44:53 <Justin_o> from what I understand the process in the readme is still the same
2017-09-28T13:45:29 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-09-28T13:46:11 <simonjb> cindyli: vagrant-configs/Vagrantfile now starts up cleanly on GPII-2435 -- nice job!
2017-09-28T13:46:46 <cindyli> yay!
2017-09-28T13:51:21 <Justin_o> cindyli: looks like the deployment worked, thanks
2017-09-28T13:52:04 <cindyli> Justin_o: deployed. i\'m still confused. is there an auto-deployment hooked up for this repo? what\'s difference btw the auto deployment and deploying to github pages? i thought the only live deployment is to the github pages
2017-09-28T13:53:26 <Justin_o> cindyli: there\'s a web hook that triggers a CI operation to deploy. I believe the only difference is that we aren\'t using GitHub pages to host, but our own sites now
2017-09-28T13:53:56 <cindyli> ok, i see
2017-09-28T13:54:36 <Justin_o> also if you are interested, the docs site is ranked number 64 for the search term "lemon soaked paper napkins"
2017-09-28T13:55:27 <cindyli> haha, how does our site relate to those terms
2017-09-28T13:56:04 <Justin_o> i have no idea :)
2017-09-28T13:56:12 <Justin_o> maybe that\'s used on an example or something
2017-09-28T13:56:31 <cindyli> Justin_o: if we aren\'t using github pages, why do we need to manually deployed to it. i thought when the site was using github pages, it was using the same site url
2017-09-28T13:57:10 <cindyli> how can that url now hosted by us but still valid with github pages
2017-09-28T13:59:35 <Justin_o> cindyli: not sure, we\'ll have to talk to gio.. also, it may have something to do with building docpad, but i\'m not sure
2017-09-28T13:59:53 <cindyli> ok. thanks, Justin_o
2017-09-28T14:00:35 <colinclark> Justin_o: What\'s hacktoberfest?
2017-09-28T14:04:44 <Justin_o> colinclark: it\'s an event to get people involved in open source projects over the month of october https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com
2017-09-28T14:04:54 <Justin_o> eloisa sent an e-mail to the fluid-work list about it
2017-09-28T14:04:58 <colinclark> I was super puzzled by your email to me and to the list
2017-09-28T14:05:00 <colinclark> no context :)
2017-09-28T14:05:14 <colinclark> What does Hacktoberfest have to do with Infusion :)
2017-09-28T14:05:23 <colinclark> ?
2017-09-28T14:07:27 <Justin_o> Infusion is an open source project on github so technically it is part of there event. Although I don\'t think we\'ll be able to advertise our project on their site. You can see the currently short thread on it http://fluid.2324889.n4.nabble.com/Hacktoberfest-tt10124.html#none
2017-09-28T14:08:36 <colinclark> ah, I see
2017-09-28T14:08:45 <Justin_o> Anyways, in short we don\'t really need the contributor guidelines to take part in hacktoberfest, but they mention on their site that they recommend having one. That got me thinking about it again, and how people looking to contribute to a project are increasingly expecting to find the contributor guidelines there.
2017-09-28T14:09:20 <Justin_o> So my e-mail wasn\'t specifically related, just that it triggered me to think about things again.
2017-09-28T14:09:29 <colinclark> yeah, I get it
2017-09-28T14:09:43 <colinclark> It\'s something we need to think through
2017-09-28T14:10:10 <colinclark> Can you take a couple of days of meetings for me so that I can finish that work up? :)
2017-09-28T14:10:46 <Justin_o> I think i\'d rather do the work ;)
2017-09-28T14:10:50 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-28T14:11:10 <colinclark> ha
2017-09-28T14:11:28 <colinclark> That UIO+ deadline is looming, though
2017-09-28T14:11:48 <colinclark> I think it\'s one of those things we should just try to find some time for but not sweat to much
2017-09-28T14:12:05 <colinclark> I think, as you said, it\'s reasonable to post the contributor\'s guidelines as-is
2017-09-28T14:15:14 <Justin_o> cool.. i\'ll look at doing that when i have a few spare cycles here and there
2017-09-28T14:18:33 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-09-28T14:24:53 <michelled> grrrero: I\'m working at home today but free to pair up when ever you want
'

