b'2017-04-11T16:34:34 <alanharnum> colinclark: that should be fine for me
2017-04-11T16:34:34 <simonjb> colinclark: good for me
2017-04-11T16:34:48 <colinclark> is it enough time to cover what we need to?
2017-04-11T16:35:25 <colinclark> I am planning to sneak off at 3 pm to do a bit more sanding, but if necessary, I can push that off so that we have time to meet
2017-04-11T16:35:37 <Caren> yes, no problem. I may be able to go past 2. I\xe2\x80\x99ll check with Jon.
2017-04-11T16:36:45 * Jess___ joined the channel
2017-04-11T16:36:55 <simonjb> colinclark: we can start at 1:30 and plan a follow up if we run out of time
2017-04-11T16:37:04 <colinclark> ok
2017-04-11T16:37:13 <colinclark> I\'ll be around all day tomorrow too
2017-04-11T16:37:38 <simonjb> ok, we could also push until tomorrow
2017-04-11T16:37:40 <colinclark> Gone Thursday\xe2\x80\x94I have a club member helping me install my dad\'s new autopilot! :)
2017-04-11T16:37:46 <colinclark> whatever\'s best for you all
2017-04-11T16:37:59 <colinclark> and I guess we\'re all off on Friday?
2017-04-11T16:38:39 <simonjb> let\'s check in at 1:30
2017-04-11T16:39:14 <colinclark> wicked
2017-04-11T16:56:06 * avtar joined the channel
2017-04-11T16:56:29 <avtar> cindyli, jhung: sorry, i got disconnected
2017-04-11T16:56:52 <avtar> ironically just when you were saying "one indicates there\'s a connection problem"
2017-04-11T16:56:52 <cindyli> avtar: jhung has another meeting at 1
2017-04-11T16:58:15 <cindyli> magic ;)
2017-04-11T16:58:52 <cindyli> avtar: jhung and I just talked in person, do you have time to sync up now?
2017-04-11T17:01:06 <avtar> cindyli: yup
2017-04-11T17:01:19 <avtar> your room again?
2017-04-11T17:01:23 <cindyli> avtar: in my vidyo room
2017-04-11T17:05:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-11T17:09:09 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-04-11T17:10:30 * kavya joined the channel
2017-04-11T17:27:19 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-04-11T17:29:59 * jhung joined the channel
2017-04-11T17:35:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-11T17:37:13 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-04-11T17:38:46 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ve verified that placing the DELETE onDestroy on the sensor itself does relay the deletion to the collector
2017-04-11T17:38:56 <Bosmon> simonjb - that\'s great
2017-04-11T17:39:09 <simonjb> only issue is that my model listener gets at update with value of undefined
2017-04-11T17:39:29 <Bosmon> I guess this will form part of our "useful reusable grades for Nexus clients" pack that we spoke of
2017-04-11T17:39:33 <Bosmon> simonjb - didn\'t it always?
2017-04-11T17:39:43 <simonjb> Bosmon: no
2017-04-11T17:39:45 <simonjb> this is new
2017-04-11T17:39:49 <simonjb> or
2017-04-11T17:39:57 <simonjb> actually I don\'t know
2017-04-11T17:40:13 <Bosmon> An update with a value of undefined is what you expect when receiving a DELETE
2017-04-11T17:40:14 <simonjb> I didn\'t see it before
2017-04-11T17:40:20 <simonjb> cool
2017-04-11T17:40:44 <simonjb> so, it\'s reasonable in my listener function to ignore updates with value of undefined?
2017-04-11T17:41:22 <simonjb> that is, don\'t store a value of undefined in the history
2017-04-11T17:42:02 <simonjb> is that the best way to detect/ignore DELETE updates?
2017-04-11T17:42:42 * jhung joined the channel
2017-04-11T17:44:50 <Caren> jhung: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r0VZizXAnNfQTExGuIaYXNKROhbdkEyuWYmZSOXs4t8/edit?usp=sharing
2017-04-11T17:59:10 * stegru has quit
2017-04-11T18:03:01 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-04-11T18:18:48 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-04-11T18:18:49 * avtar joined the channel
2017-04-11T18:30:19 * danayo joined the channel
2017-04-11T18:32:00 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-11T18:32:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-11T18:35:52 * clown joined the channel
2017-04-11T18:49:36 * avtar joined the channel
2017-04-11T19:12:29 * stegru joined the channel
2017-04-11T19:22:32 <stegru> Bosmon: it was due to the ini file being corrupted. I\'ve assumed it to be the ini file handler\'s fault
2017-04-11T19:56:16 <Bosmon> stegru - cool
2017-04-11T19:56:27 <Bosmon> Do we know what form the corruption took?
2017-04-11T19:56:34 <Bosmon> Also - is there a JIRA?
2017-04-11T19:56:50 <Bosmon> simonjb - I think you already had written a "received to transmitted change transformer"?
2017-04-11T19:56:54 <Bosmon> This is just a special case of that
2017-04-11T19:57:13 <Bosmon> Things stored in the history should be stored, I imagine, as "transmitted changes"
2017-04-11T20:01:08 <stegru> Bosmon: the ini file was in a valid format (causing nvda to not complain), but one of the values was wrong (I haven\'t seen the file)...
2017-04-11T20:03:17 <Bosmon> stegru - ok - how did you determine those facts then? : P
2017-04-11T20:03:23 <stegru> I think the problem was some value was "", but gpii re-wrote it as "0"
2017-04-11T20:03:29 <Bosmon> aha
2017-04-11T20:03:44 <stegru> a log file, and a bit of guessing
2017-04-11T20:03:50 <Bosmon> wow
2017-04-11T20:03:55 <Bosmon> Where is the log file?
2017-04-11T20:04:17 <stegru> i have it here
2017-04-11T20:04:39 <stegru> not attached to a jira ;)
2017-04-11T20:05:38 <Bosmon> I\'d like to invite you to attach it to one - together with whatever else you can recollect about the situation :)
2017-04-11T20:07:51 <simonjb> Bosmon: yes, though it has no automated tests at the moment and lives in my nexus-demos repo: https://github.com/simonbates/nexus-client/blob/master/src/NexusWebSocketBoundComponent.js#L134-L183
2017-04-11T20:08:07 <simonjb> sorry nexus-client repo
2017-04-11T20:08:24 <Bosmon> simonjb - a great opportunity to dust it off and "upcycle" it, as our knitting colleagues might say :)
2017-04-11T20:08:31 <simonjb> :)
2017-04-11T20:14:34 * kavya has quit
2017-04-11T20:34:00 * clown joined the channel
2017-04-11T20:37:05 * Jess___ has quit
2017-04-11T21:42:25 <Bosmon> Hi there simonjb - I just made a small pull request to Kettle for finishing JSON5 support - https://github.com/fluid-project/kettle/pull/31/files
2017-04-11T21:42:37 <Bosmon> Do you think you might be able to look at it some time?
2017-04-11T21:42:42 <Bosmon> Things are probably a bit too busy at present
2017-04-11T21:51:23 * danayo joined the channel
2017-04-11T22:12:04 * amatas has quit
2017-04-11T22:16:48 <stegru> Bosmon: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2365
2017-04-11T22:42:22 * stegru has quit
2017-04-11T22:50:17 <simonjb> Bosmon: Yes, I can definitely take a look but I won\'t have time for at least a week
2017-04-11T22:50:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-11T22:55:52 * simonjb has quit
2017-04-11T22:58:56 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-11T23:56:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

b'2017-04-11T03:48:12 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-04-11T04:00:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-04-11T04:05:30 * kasparnet has quit
2017-04-11T04:11:15 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-04-11T04:13:57 * kasparnet has quit
2017-04-11T07:10:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-04-11T07:57:28 * stegru joined the channel
2017-04-11T08:49:58 * amatas joined the channel
2017-04-11T10:07:31 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-04-11T10:07:56 * kasparnet has quit
2017-04-11T10:10:46 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-04-11T11:21:46 * kasparnet has quit
2017-04-11T12:17:38 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-04-11T12:22:17 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-04-11T12:41:31 * michelled joined the channel
2017-04-11T12:43:49 * jhung joined the channel
2017-04-11T12:48:56 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-04-11T12:49:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-11T13:02:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-04-11T13:11:18 * clown joined the channel
2017-04-11T13:14:42 * kasparnet has quit
2017-04-11T13:16:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-04-11T13:20:05 * clown has quit
2017-04-11T13:20:06 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-04-11T13:20:29 * clown joined the channel
2017-04-11T13:28:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-04-11T13:29:16 * kavya joined the channel
2017-04-11T13:33:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: I\'ve addressed and left replies for your comments to https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/823
2017-04-11T13:40:10 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-04-11T13:43:23 * kasparnet has quit
2017-04-11T13:49:22 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2017-04-11T13:50:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-04-11T14:09:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-04-11T14:12:15 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-11T14:13:04 * avtar joined the channel
2017-04-11T14:21:04 * danayo joined the channel
2017-04-11T14:29:11 * kavya has quit
2017-04-11T14:31:56 <michelled> fluid-everyone: let\'s have the planning meeting at 11:00
2017-04-11T14:32:08 <michelled> fluid-everyone: that means we\'ll skip standup today
2017-04-11T14:35:58 <michelled> danayo: welcome back!
2017-04-11T14:36:04 <michelled> do you have time to check in today?
2017-04-11T14:36:54 <clown> michelled:  right (re: planning meeting at 11)
2017-04-11T14:37:13 <danayo> michelled: thanks!
2017-04-11T14:37:15 <danayo> and yes
2017-04-11T14:37:30 <danayo> after planning?
2017-04-11T14:37:45 <michelled> perfect
2017-04-11T14:38:02 * clown has quit
2017-04-11T14:39:19 * clown joined the channel
2017-04-11T14:43:48 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-04-11T14:43:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-11T14:58:44 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-11T14:58:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:03:18 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:04:33 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:06:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:07:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:08:18 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:12:17 * kasparnet has quit
2017-04-11T15:14:00 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:18:18 <simonjb> hi Bosmon, yesterday we were chatting about the history recording in the Nexus -- did you get a chance to check the code regarding model listeners and onDestroy?
2017-04-11T15:19:26 <Bosmon> Oh yes, I was halfway though this when I got distracted
2017-04-11T15:20:13 <simonjb> Bosmon: if you had time to look over my gist, that would be awesome https://gist.github.com/simonbates/701fcd52c04430cd2022d3795f86a566
2017-04-11T15:20:34 <Bosmon> My feeling is that it might be possible for some listeners to receive a final notification some time between "onDestroy" and "afterDestroy"
2017-04-11T15:20:46 <Bosmon> SInce we don\'t clear out the model listeners until the very penultimate stage before "afterDestroy"
2017-04-11T15:21:32 <Bosmon> Oh, I see
2017-04-11T15:21:49 <Bosmon> Yes, it shouldn\'t be necessary to make a special action during "onDestroy" here
2017-04-11T15:22:01 <Bosmon> As to your "removeFakeSensor" action
2017-04-11T15:22:18 <Bosmon> But I understand that clearly you want something to happen :)
2017-04-11T15:22:32 <simonjb> Bosmon: I want to remove the value for the sensor from the collector component
2017-04-11T15:22:37 <Bosmon> yes
2017-04-11T15:22:51 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:23:34 <Bosmon> Now I understand the thrust of your question :)
2017-04-11T15:23:45 <simonjb> :)
2017-04-11T15:24:20 <Bosmon> And also, to be not talking in a complete vacuum - does this seem to work as written? : P
2017-04-11T15:24:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:24:40 <simonjb> Bosmon: yes
2017-04-11T15:25:13 <simonjb> But I was wondering if (a) there might be a race conditions and (b) if there might be a better way to do this
2017-04-11T15:25:25 <Bosmon> Yes, these are both excellent conditions
2017-04-11T15:25:28 <Bosmon> er questions
2017-04-11T15:25:42 <Bosmon> To which my current best guesses at answers are a) maybe, and b) maybe not : P
2017-04-11T15:26:53 <Bosmon> The system currently doesn\'t have the intelligence to convert "a relay endpoint going away" into a DELETE
2017-04-11T15:27:04 <Bosmon> Although one could argue it really should
2017-04-11T15:27:50 <Bosmon> Our current semantics do perform a DELETE at the end of a relay whenever an update is received, and then propagate the changed value on top of this
2017-04-11T15:28:02 <Bosmon> But clearly for a start this is the kind of thing one might want to be configurable
2017-04-11T15:28:53 <Bosmon> Until we had the fix for https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5585 in, we didn\'t properly relay DELETES at all
2017-04-11T15:28:59 <Bosmon> And this was only a couple of months ago
2017-04-11T15:30:07 <Bosmon> I guess slightly more properly your onDestroy listener should perform the DELETE at the near end of the relay rather than the far end
2017-04-11T15:30:18 <Bosmon> To more closely mirror what the framework might do itself, if it did
2017-04-11T15:31:39 <Bosmon> My feeling is that you are (and ought to be) safe with what you have written, since "onDestroy" has always represented the earliest possible phase of destruction
2017-04-11T15:31:48 <Bosmon> Just a "onCreate" has always represented the latest possible phase of construction
2017-04-11T15:33:16 <Bosmon> Yes, this is fine
2017-04-11T15:33:41 <Bosmon> I\'m a bit more clearheaded now and can read this code more readily
2017-04-11T15:34:05 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon, I\'ll continue with this implementation then
2017-04-11T15:34:07 <Bosmon> a) there ought not be any race condition, b) currently we have no better way of expressing this
2017-04-11T15:34:15 <simonjb> :)
2017-04-11T15:34:42 <Bosmon> Although it might be nicer to perform the deletion at the near end, even if this raises the chances of this failing to work - if it does fail to work, we should know about this
2017-04-11T15:35:25 <simonjb> Bosmon: I think in this case, the near end (fakeSensor) will have already been deleted
2017-04-11T15:35:48 <simonjb> can I still delete the relay?
2017-04-11T15:36:22 <simonjb> it\'s the destruction of the fakeSensor that triggers the destruction of the sender component
2017-04-11T15:36:59 <Bosmon> Oh I see now
2017-04-11T15:37:03 <Bosmon> THe near relay isn\'t on yourself
2017-04-11T15:37:20 <simonjb> right, both ends are on other components
2017-04-11T15:37:21 <Bosmon> Well ok then, we have the chance to make this more self-contained, by writing the deletion rule within the fakeSensor itself
2017-04-11T15:38:04 <simonjb> I want the fakeSensor to not know anything about any other components
2017-04-11T15:38:07 <Bosmon> Although I guess this raises the possibility that someone might write a sensor which doesn\'t do this
2017-04-11T15:38:31 <simonjb> so that it can be wired under rules in recipes
2017-04-11T15:38:48 <Bosmon> simonjb - I mean, it would simply delete its own value on its own destruction
2017-04-11T15:38:56 <simonjb> ah
2017-04-11T15:39:11 <simonjb> and then that deletion would be relayed?
2017-04-11T15:39:20 <Bosmon> One could argue that this is a kind of "standard model semantic" which the framework should already be applying automatically
2017-04-11T15:39:32 <Bosmon> simonjb - it *should* be relayed - by FLUID-5585
2017-04-11T15:39:39 <Bosmon> ANd if it isn\'t relayed, we should write this up : P
2017-04-11T15:39:47 <simonjb> ok, I\'ll try that
2017-04-11T15:40:05 <simonjb> using an onDestroy on the fakeSensor?
2017-04-11T15:40:06 <Bosmon> We could say that this is a kind of "emerging new model semantic" much as my fluid-authoring work raised various kinds of "new view semantics"
2017-04-11T15:40:19 <Bosmon> simonjb - right - and then this could just become a standard rule in some base grade for the fakeSensor
2017-04-11T15:40:25 <Bosmon> gpii.selfDestroyingModel or some such
2017-04-11T15:40:44 <Bosmon> If we find this rule makes sense generally, we could then just roll it into the standard framework behaviour in some future release
2017-04-11T15:40:50 <simonjb> yes, will try that out
2017-04-11T15:40:54 <Bosmon> awesome!
2017-04-11T15:40:59 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon!
2017-04-11T15:41:40 <Bosmon> The more I think about this, the more clear it seems that this *should* be the framework standard behaviour
2017-04-11T15:41:54 <Bosmon> And that if someone wants to defeat it, they could exclude it by means of further restrictions in the relay rule
2017-04-11T15:42:14 <Bosmon> We would have an excludeSource: "destroy" to mirror excludeSource: "init"
2017-04-11T15:44:11 * colinclark has quit
2017-04-11T15:48:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:48:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:51:39 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:53:09 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:55:18 <colinclark> simonjb: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Iterators_and_Generators
2017-04-11T15:55:28 <colinclark> hip language features
2017-04-11T15:55:52 <colinclark> the new Python, dude
2017-04-11T15:57:06 * jhung joined the channel
2017-04-11T15:57:17 <simonjb> thanks colinclark, I\'m totally embarrassed, I should have known that
2017-04-11T15:57:23 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-04-11T15:57:31 <colinclark> why be embarrassed?
2017-04-11T15:57:58 <jhung> avtar, cindyli1 - i can meet 12:30p. is 30 mins enough? i have a 1pm.
2017-04-11T15:58:02 <simonjb> it\'s even got yield
2017-04-11T15:58:30 <cindyli1> jhung, avtar, 12:30 works for me
2017-04-11T15:59:11 <simonjb> ECMAScript 2015
2017-04-11T16:00:02 <avtar> cindyli, jhung: 12:30 works for me too
2017-04-11T16:00:27 <jhung> avtar, cindyli awesome. see you then.
2017-04-11T16:04:49 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-04-11T16:19:43 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-11T16:30:37 <cindyli> jhung, avtar, where to meet
2017-04-11T16:31:43 <cindyli> in my vidyo room?
2017-04-11T16:31:45 <avtar> sure
2017-04-11T16:32:16 <Bosmon> stegru - so I was just chatting with colinclark and he mentioned that you had diagnosed that issue which Gregg ran into in which "The GPII destroys the ability of NVDA to load forever"
2017-04-11T16:32:25 <Bosmon> Is that true, and did it get written up anywhere?
2017-04-11T16:34:19 <colinclark> simonjb, alanharnum, Caren: my noon meeting is already threatening to stretch past 1 pm. Are you all free to chat about the Nexus video from 1:30-2 pm?
'

