b"2017-02-28T19:37:07 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:39:57 * stegru has quit
2017-02-28T19:41:00 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:43:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:46:45 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:47:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:54:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:55:31 <simonjb> Justin_o: if I'm using createOnEvent for a subcomponent, can I configure the subcomponent based on values in the event?
2017-02-28T19:56:48 <Justin_o> simonjb: i don't think so for a regular subcomponent.. you could use a dynamic component instead and create it based on some event which can pass in configuration
2017-02-28T19:57:17 <simonjb> ah, thanks Justin_o
2017-02-28T19:58:21 <Justin_o> simonjb: http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/SubcomponentDeclaration.html#dynamic-components
2017-02-28T19:58:43 <Justin_o> simonjb: i guess specifically http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/SubcomponentDeclaration.html#dynamic-subcomponents-with-a-source-event
2017-02-28T19:59:38 <simonjb> Justin_o: in my case I know exactly how many there will be (1) -- are dynamic components still applicable?
2017-02-28T20:00:25 <Justin_o> simonjb: i guess to take a step back, what configuration do you want to pass in with the event and why
2017-02-28T20:02:13 <Bosmon> Justin_o, simonjb - yes, you can bind to {arguments} for a standard createOnEvent component
2017-02-28T20:02:18 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-28T20:02:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that's awesome, i didn't know that.. we should update the docs to include that as well
2017-02-28T20:02:51 <simonjb> Justin_o: the component that I want to create is handling a binding to a peer in the nexus, the details of the binding (path, grade) depend on the type of sensor, and I want to query the sensor before making the binding
2017-02-28T20:03:28 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon!
2017-02-28T20:03:38 <Justin_o> simonjb: so given Bosmon's answer, i think you should be good.
2017-02-28T20:04:05 <simonjb> Bosmon: so I can just reference {arguments} in expressions for my subcomponent options?
2017-02-28T20:05:15 <Bosmon> simonjb - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/FluidIoC.js#L1398
2017-02-28T20:09:29 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/framework-tests/core/js/FluidIoCTests.js#L2397
2017-02-28T20:33:22 * kavya joined the channel
2017-02-28T20:36:36 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-02-28T20:36:36 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T20:45:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:03:28 <Justin_o> aashay: I've merged in your FLUID-4713 PR. Thanks for the fix.
2017-02-28T21:04:15 <aashay> That's great. thank you  :)
2017-02-28T21:05:04 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-28T21:12:43 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:13:22 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:13:22 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-28T21:15:58 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:16:39 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:16:46 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:17:05 * avtar1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:17:25 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:17:47 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:17:48 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:31:34 * kavya has quit
2017-02-28T21:36:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:52:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T21:55:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T22:01:38 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-02-28T22:09:25 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-28T22:12:37 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T22:12:37 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-02-28T22:13:29 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-28T22:21:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T22:23:30 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T22:33:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T22:44:56 * stegru has quit
2017-02-28T22:46:02 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-28T23:06:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T23:13:12 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T23:21:52 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T23:55:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T23:56:51 * the-t-in-rtf2 joined the channel
"

b'2017-02-28T02:10:44 * kavya_ has quit
2017-02-28T02:43:02 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-28T03:39:37 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-28T07:27:37 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-02-28T07:29:34 * javjarfer2 joined the channel
2017-02-28T07:31:51 * javjarfer1 has quit
2017-02-28T07:32:09 * javjarfer has quit
2017-02-28T07:46:41 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-28T08:12:51 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-02-28T08:31:41 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-28T08:54:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T09:31:29 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-02-28T09:45:43 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T10:37:24 * stegru has quit
2017-02-28T10:42:00 <the-t-in-rtf1> @jhernandez, is Alejandro still out today?
2017-02-28T10:42:20 <the-t-in-rtf1> Really, I\'m asking everyone, but you had an idea yesterday\xe2\x80\xa6.
2017-02-28T10:49:02 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-28T11:17:41 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf1: Alejandro? or do you mean Alfredo?
2017-02-28T11:18:07 <the-t-in-rtf1> Sorry, Alfredo.
2017-02-28T11:18:09 <jhernandez> haha
2017-02-28T11:18:14 <jhernandez> no prob
2017-02-28T11:18:25 <jhernandez> I think he will be back tomorrow
2017-02-28T11:18:47 <jhernandez> today is El dia de Andalucia
2017-02-28T11:18:54 <jhernandez> Andalucia\'s day
2017-02-28T11:20:55 <jhernandez> and I guess he will be setting up the bbq, or the paella or something in these lines
2017-02-28T11:26:06 <the-t-in-rtf1> Good to know, thanks.
2017-02-28T11:38:07 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf1: yw
2017-02-28T11:52:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T12:14:18 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-28T12:46:40 * Caren joined the channel
2017-02-28T13:12:22 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-28T13:16:31 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-02-28T13:38:28 * Caren joined the channel
2017-02-28T13:56:10 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-28T13:56:28 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-28T13:57:33 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-28T14:02:57 <simonjb> hey Bosmon
2017-02-28T14:03:13 <simonjb> is now still good for you to chat Nexus?
2017-02-28T14:11:13 <Bosmon> Hey, morning there simonjb!
2017-02-28T14:11:17 <Bosmon> Yes, does it work for you?
2017-02-28T14:11:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-28T14:11:58 <simonjb> yes, good for me -- shall we meet in my vidyo room ? I just unlocked it
2017-02-28T14:12:38 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-28T14:13:56 <simonjb> Bosmon: https://pad.gpii.net/p/nexus-2017-02-28-i024nc4
2017-02-28T14:31:36 * jessm joined the channel
2017-02-28T14:37:09 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-28T14:45:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-28T14:48:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I think i\'ve found a bug with options distributions. I filed a JIRA https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6137 and there\'s also a PR with a test case
2017-02-28T14:49:10 <jhung> Justin_o: with the CDN copy of Infusion, users no longer need to go through a build and install process, correct? They can just add the CSS and Script URLs into the <head> and they\'re off and running?
2017-02-28T14:49:55 <Justin_o> jhung: yes, the CDN should have a copy of the built version of infusion
2017-02-28T14:50:06 <Justin_o> it\'s just the official releases though, no dev builds
2017-02-28T14:53:09 <alanharn_> jhung Justin_o: It also doesn\'t have the necessary JSON message bundles for UIO, which I think is something it should have
2017-02-28T14:53:41 <Justin_o> alanharnum: :( so the CDN doesn\'t contain all of Infusion, just the dist?
2017-02-28T14:54:43 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-28T14:55:10 <alanharnum> Justin_o: just the /dist directory, yeah
2017-02-28T14:55:19 <Justin_o> alanharnum: that\'s too bad
2017-02-28T14:55:56 <alanharnum> we can get it updated to have more material
2017-02-28T14:56:10 <alanharnum> or have the message bundles in /dist as well
2017-02-28T14:56:18 <Justin_o> alanharnum: i guess we should rethink our dist strategy, perhaps it should contain the js builds, and everything from the src directory that isn\'t included in those js files stored under the assets directory
2017-02-28T14:56:58 <Justin_o> alanharnum: what do you think?
2017-02-28T14:57:21 <alanharnum> Justin_o: yeah, that sounds workable - i suspect with file paths maintained as well to make it easiest to go from working from CDN to a custom build, or vice-versa
2017-02-28T14:57:55 <alanharnum> the nice thing about revising the /dist directory is that (I believe) the CDN will pull in those changes automatically for review
2017-02-28T14:58:18 <alanharnum> provided we cut it as a major release
2017-02-28T14:59:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T15:01:50 <jhung> fluid-everyone: the design crit is starting in the fluid_standup Vidyo room.
2017-02-28T15:02:26 * alanharnum1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T15:02:49 <alanharnum1> jhung: I\'m in collab room if you want to dial it
2017-02-28T15:02:54 <alanharnum1> here all by myself :(
2017-02-28T15:06:05 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T15:21:33 * mrtyler_ joined the channel
2017-02-28T15:27:52 <simonjb> Bosmon: https://shop.pimoroni.com/collections/raspberry-pi/products/pibow-coupe-for-raspberry-pi-3
2017-02-28T15:28:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-28T15:38:34 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-02-28T15:49:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-28T15:50:23 <cindyli> gtirloni: i will reply to that user to let him know changing password is back to work
2017-02-28T15:50:37 <gtirloni> cindyli: thanks!
2017-02-28T15:50:50 <cindyli> np. thank you!
2017-02-28T15:59:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-28T16:14:49 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-28T16:15:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-28T16:19:46 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-28T16:24:08 <cindyli> Bosmon, gtirloni, in this pull request comment - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/503#issuecomment-282990160, the-t-in-rtf is suggesting to use istanbul to run node tests and testem to run browser tests for gpii/universal. We are current using vagrant VM to run them. I\'m not sure if moving to istanbul and testem is the future planned path, or if there\'s anything within gpii/universal needs us to stick with vagrant VM? do you have an idea?
2017-02-28T16:24:55 <Bosmon> cindyli - I don\'t think that is what he is really saying
2017-02-28T16:25:21 <Bosmon> I imagine he means to use istanbul and tested to run them *within* the vagrant VM
2017-02-28T16:25:48 <cindyli> ah ha
2017-02-28T16:29:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T16:43:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-28T16:45:26 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-28T16:50:44 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T16:52:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T16:53:26 <cindyli1> Bosmon: gtirloni, continue with the-t-in-rtf\'s suggestion. gpii/universal is already using testem to run browser tests - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/Gruntfile.js#L43. so the main change would be to use istanbul to run node tests. do you think this is a good move?
2017-02-28T16:54:19 <Bosmon> cindyli - sure
2017-02-28T16:55:38 <cindyli> ok. thanks, Bosmon, i will reply to his comment. btw, my data loader pull is ready for another look with the-t-in-rtf\'s help to explain gpii-pouchdb posttest step - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/503
2017-02-28T17:00:49 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-28T17:06:33 <Justin_o> alanharnum: sorry, followup from before.. about the CDN
2017-02-28T17:06:43 <Justin_o> does it have to be a 3.0 release to get picked up, or could it be 2.1?
2017-02-28T17:08:24 <alanharnum> Justin_o: a 2.1 should be fine - they filter on *-dev.* to avoid picking up all our dev releases
2017-02-28T17:08:25 <alanharnum> https://github.com/cdnjs/cdnjs/blob/master/.gitignore#L20
2017-02-28T17:08:43 <alanharnum> as long as it\'s a non-dev release it should get picked up and generate a PR for them automatically
2017-02-28T17:08:54 <alanharnum> (in theory, not sure what their process looks like in practice)
2017-02-28T17:09:33 <Justin_o> alanharnum:  okay cool thanks...
2017-02-28T17:10:53 <alanharnum> it would be great to have UIO fully deployable via CDN - that would let us write an embed-style script for people to try it out on their sites without having to run any builds or installs
2017-02-28T17:11:25 <alanharnum> so I\'d say we should work towards having everything needed for that in the /dist directory, confirm it works, then cut a 2.1 release or similar
2017-02-28T17:16:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T17:17:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T17:21:33 * Caren joined the channel
2017-02-28T17:24:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-28T17:29:18 <Justin_o> alanharnum: i like that as a plan, but not sure if it would be feasible depending on what\'s in master already, but hope we can do that.
2017-02-28T17:29:27 <Justin_o> alanharnum: would you be able to write up a JIRA for the work?
2017-02-28T17:42:09 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-28T17:52:26 * javjarfer1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T17:52:53 * javjarfer1 has quit
2017-02-28T17:53:44 * javjarfer1 joined the channel
2017-02-28T17:54:04 * javjarfer2 has quit
2017-02-28T17:56:43 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:03:41 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:06:05 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:10:13 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:15:39 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-28T18:22:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:33:27 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:34:04 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-28T18:36:40 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:36:43 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:42:17 * alanharnum has quit
2017-02-28T18:42:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:45:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:55:13 * kathy joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:55:50 * Caren joined the channel
2017-02-28T18:56:34 <Caren> List of sites affected by cloud bleed: https://github.com/pirate/sites-using-cloudflare/blob/master/README.md
2017-02-28T19:01:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:02:52 * grace_ joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:07:19 * fDev2179 joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:08:01 <fDev2179> Hello.
2017-02-28T19:09:11 * fDev2179 has left the channel
2017-02-28T19:13:51 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:17:12 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:17:47 * fDev2179 joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:18:04 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-28T19:18:38 * fDev2179 has left the channel
2017-02-28T19:19:05 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:24:23 <simonjb> hey Bosmon, I\'ve started looking at integrating your visible nexus work with mine
2017-02-28T19:25:03 <simonjb> I\'m thinking it makes sense to fork fluid-authoring as it already depends on gpii-nexus and your index.js does a require("gpii-nexus")
2017-02-28T19:26:28 <simonjb> I would make a branch called something like "science-lab-demo" for now from FLUID-4884 and update the gpii-nexus dependency to point to my branch
2017-02-28T19:26:33 <simonjb> other suggestions?
2017-02-28T19:27:14 <simonjb> it\'s either that or keep them separate and do some reworking of fluid-authoring
2017-02-28T19:27:34 <simonjb> at some point we\'ll need to figure out the best way to factor everything
2017-02-28T19:30:27 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-28T19:31:20 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-28T19:31:21 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
'

