b"2017-01-20T17:42:50 <mrtyler> maturity models are often useful tho
2017-01-20T17:42:52 <alanharnum> i own both the ebook (paid for) and paper (got at a conference)
2017-01-20T17:43:00 <alanharnum> yup, i like the Limoncelli one better
2017-01-20T17:43:12 <mrtyler> there's a good rubric in jez humble's opus _Continuous Delivery_
2017-01-20T17:43:56 <alanharnum> yeah, I've had the DevOps Handbook since it came out
2017-01-20T17:44:05 <alanharnum> it is in my pile of professional reading to get to at some point
2017-01-20T17:44:41 <mrtyler> is best pile
2017-01-20T17:45:48 <alanharnum> ever-growing
2017-01-20T17:51:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-20T17:56:04 <mrtyler> alanharnum: you've got me looking at maturity models and i re-discovered https://www.joelonsoftware.com/2000/08/09/the-joel-test-12-steps-to-better-code/
2017-01-20T17:56:16 <mrtyler> written in THE YEAR TWO THOUSAND
2017-01-20T17:56:36 <mrtyler> i am pleased to report that i haven't seen an org that can answer no to #1 in a long time
2017-01-20T17:57:02 <mrtyler> #5 is still, sadly, hyperrelevant everywhere
2017-01-20T18:01:52 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:02:47 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:03:52 * David123_ joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:05:04 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:05:17 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:26:11 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:26:33 * Kobi joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:30:20 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:33:24 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:41:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:45:39 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-20T18:46:11 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-20T18:51:55 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-20T19:00:46 * colinclark has left the channel
2017-01-20T19:13:05 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-20T19:13:14 * stegru has quit
2017-01-20T19:14:00 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-20T19:58:21 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-20T20:03:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-20T20:31:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-20T20:45:54 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-20T21:12:45 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-20T21:13:41 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-20T21:25:44 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-20T22:23:01 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-20T22:27:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-20T22:31:26 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T22:35:40 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-20T23:35:41 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
"

b'2017-01-20T00:11:20 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T02:36:52 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-20T03:22:16 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T04:50:04 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-20T05:24:48 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:24:51 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:25:37 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:25:39 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:26:25 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:26:27 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:27:13 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:27:15 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:28:01 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:28:04 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:28:49 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:28:52 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:29:37 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:29:40 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:30:25 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:30:27 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:31:13 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:31:15 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:32:01 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:32:03 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:32:49 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:32:52 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:33:37 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:33:39 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-20T05:34:25 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T05:38:30 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-20T06:54:28 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-20T07:30:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-20T07:59:21 <gtirloni> the-t-in-rtf: just a heads up, there were some issues applying kernel updates last night that caused some VMs to crash hard... one of those is the Jenkins instance that hosts your projects. I\'m working on it.
2017-01-20T09:39:49 * amatas joined the channel
2017-01-20T10:42:40 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-20T11:37:18 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-20T11:41:40 * yzen has quit
2017-01-20T11:45:34 * Khushil joined the channel
2017-01-20T12:02:36 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-01-20T12:08:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: typos are my nemesis ;(
2017-01-20T12:09:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: fixing this is a bit more difficult as it\'s an older commit that has been pushed up to master. It\'s possible, but it will change history, more specifically commit hashes.
2017-01-20T12:09:18 <Justin_o> https://help.github.com/articles/changing-a-commit-message/
2017-01-20T12:09:31 <Justin_o> this can be somewhat dangerous for those that have active checkout and branches
2017-01-20T12:10:29 <Bosmon> Well, I think it might be a good opportunity to take now, before anything gets committed on top of it
2017-01-20T12:10:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so we have a few options 1) leave as is, and i\'ll endure the shame for what could be a long time 2) amend the history and ask everyone to fix up their branches and etc. 3) make some other change to ever file so there is a new commit attached to them
2017-01-20T12:10:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  there are been commits on top of it already :(
2017-01-20T12:11:08 <Bosmon> ok
2017-01-20T12:11:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  that one was from Jan 17 https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/commits/master
2017-01-20T12:11:16 <Bosmon> Never mind, then
2017-01-20T12:11:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it is quite unfortunate though
2017-01-20T12:11:52 <Bosmon> I\'m not sure that, even without the typo, that the commit message is grammatical : P
2017-01-20T12:12:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah you know, if we change to a contributors files or some such, we\'ll be touching every JS file again... so that should clean it up soon. I\'d hope
2017-01-20T12:12:07 <Bosmon> ok
2017-01-20T12:12:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah i can see how the message is a bit ambiguous now
2017-01-20T12:14:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also i sent an e-mail to the work list yesterday about deprecations... i\'d like to know your thoughts on that and if you have an alternate suggestion
2017-01-20T12:15:42 <Bosmon> What kinds of things would you like to deprecate?
2017-01-20T12:15:59 <Bosmon> I guess the "deprecation release" gives us a chance to touch every file in trunk again :)
2017-01-20T12:19:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) true
2017-01-20T12:20:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: let\'s see we had mentioned some stuff here https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Post+Infusion+2.0+Review+Meeting+Notes
2017-01-20T12:21:11 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-20T12:21:31 <Justin_o> that included jQuery UI sliders support in the textfield slider, progress component, no-js version of uploader
2017-01-20T12:21:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: anything else i guess you\'d like to deprecate from core?
2017-01-20T12:23:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: anything from inline edit we should deprecate?
2017-01-20T12:51:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-20T13:05:25 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-20T13:19:56 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-01-20T13:40:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-20T13:59:32 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-01-20T14:35:54 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-20T14:41:03 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-20T14:45:10 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-20T14:55:10 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-20T15:02:04 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-20T15:07:20 <stegru> gloob: I just want to confirm, will the installer be built using Installer.ps1 for the HST?
2017-01-20T15:11:58 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-20T15:18:55 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-20T15:31:46 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-20T15:42:56 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-20T15:51:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-20T16:47:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-20T16:47:56 * Tabs16 joined the channel
2017-01-20T16:48:03 <Tabs16> hello
2017-01-20T17:04:25 <jhernandez> stegru: for your question to gloob, yes but not exactly
2017-01-20T17:04:28 <jhernandez> :)
2017-01-20T17:05:32 <stegru> that\'s ok jhernandez thanks
2017-01-20T17:05:50 <jhernandez> we will use the same approach, yes, but the Installer.ps1 may be a bit different
2017-01-20T17:06:16 <alanharnum> Tabs16: hello - saw you asking some questions in #fluid-tech about GSOC. You\'ll probably be most interested in starting with the 2017 wiki page we\'ve got up ATM: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2017+with+the+Fluid+Project
2017-01-20T17:06:22 <stegru> ok I was just looking at how i could re-create it yourself
2017-01-20T17:06:28 <stegru> well, myself
2017-01-20T17:06:52 <jhernandez> whoeverself
2017-01-20T17:06:55 <jhernandez> :)
2017-01-20T17:06:57 <alanharnum> we\'re still finalizing our details around GSOC right now, but that page will be the central information point for our 2017 participation.
2017-01-20T17:07:52 <Tabs16> thanks alanharnum  :)
2017-01-20T17:16:53 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o - perhaps we should work together on the wording for publishDevHint in a piratepad or so
2017-01-20T17:17:03 <Bosmon> Since I find myself completely unable to understand what it is trying to recommend :)
2017-01-20T17:17:16 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/5/files#r97114955
2017-01-20T17:25:05 * yzen has quit
2017-01-20T17:28:33 <Bosmon> Cheers for the updates, stegru
2017-01-20T17:28:40 <Bosmon> Sourcing information out of .git is indeed wrong
2017-01-20T17:28:43 <Bosmon> But it might be hilarious :)
2017-01-20T17:28:51 <stegru> haha
2017-01-20T17:29:12 <Bosmon> After all, it\'s about time we implemented our own 100% capable git client in pure JS
2017-01-20T17:30:05 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-20T17:30:13 <stegru> running git in the gpii directory (when it\'s a module) would have got the version for the electron app, anyway
2017-01-20T17:30:13 <mrtyler> alanharnum: good write-up, thanks. lmk when you\'re back to work and i can watch over your shoulder some more
2017-01-20T17:30:20 <mrtyler> and/or if i can help
2017-01-20T17:30:55 <mrtyler> also i\'m adding this topic to the agenda for the monday ops meeting
2017-01-20T17:31:13 <mrtyler> i think we\'ll need to spend some time figuring it out as it\'s large and will require effort going forward
2017-01-20T17:31:23 <alanharnum> mrtyler: thanks - I think I may actually be just about done on the immediate issue of FDS.
2017-01-20T17:31:39 <mrtyler> but hopefully we can at least agree on the severity of this problem and what we plan to do about it in the near-term
2017-01-20T17:31:57 <mrtyler> alanharnum: with the whole thing? or just with the goofy docker parts we got stuck on yesterday?
2017-01-20T17:32:33 <alanharnum> as i speculated the proximate issue is config file names changing; the larger one is the fragility of the approach of needing to know config file names and manipulate strings inside them to successfully deploy.
2017-01-20T17:32:39 <alanharnum> goofy docker parts
2017-01-20T17:33:35 <mrtyler> got it
2017-01-20T17:34:09 <mrtyler> as discussed yesterday, drift is the key problem and the most important to solve
2017-01-20T17:34:21 <alanharnum> yeah
2017-01-20T17:34:40 <mrtyler> the wiring-up-ports-and-containers bit is probably a problem for k8s or similar, but it would at least be exposed by addressing the drift problem
2017-01-20T17:35:07 <mrtyler> (i.e. running ansible all the time wouldn\'t solve the wiring issue, but it would expose the issue more quickly)
2017-01-20T17:35:24 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-20T17:35:30 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-01-20T17:35:45 <mrtyler> we can talk more about your ideas/concerns in this space so that i can present your ideas on monday, if you like
2017-01-20T17:36:11 <alanharn_> i think a part of that is that while there\'s no excuse for drift, to date we\'ve largely deployed containerized versions of GPII in an immediate tactical sense, largely in support of demos that are fixed in time
2017-01-20T17:36:17 <Bosmon> stegru - but we\'d have just had the same problem at one further remove, once we implemented vagrant-based testing for the gpii app
2017-01-20T17:36:28 <alanharnum_> once the demos are over, we don\'t have a particular need for the containers any more
2017-01-20T17:36:33 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-01-20T17:36:39 <Bosmon> There seems to be something wacky about the interaction between git and the strange symlinks that we make with our provisioning scripts
2017-01-20T17:36:53 <mrtyler> that\'s a reasonable position. maybe just shut down the demos once they\'re over?
2017-01-20T17:37:05 <mrtyler> it would at least set users\' expectations correctly!
2017-01-20T17:37:28 <mrtyler> but probalby it would be better to just commit to keeping the demos up
2017-01-20T17:37:36 <mrtyler> as practice for when we have real production infrastructure that needs to be kept up
2017-01-20T17:38:21 * lliskovoi__ joined the channel
2017-01-20T17:38:22 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-20T17:38:22 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-01-20T17:38:33 <stegru> Bosmon: yes, it buggers up with me sometimes - so I\'ve mounted the host gpii source directory in a different way
2017-01-20T17:39:08 <alanharn_> mrtyler: bouncing up and down, so missing some the convo
2017-01-20T17:39:25 <alanharn_> last thing I tried to send was: "I know that\'s the space we\'re moving into with the cloud-based work."
2017-01-20T17:39:27 <mrtyler> https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-work/ :)
2017-01-20T17:39:47 <alanharn_> the demos themselves have stayed up no problem... they just haven\'t been kept up to date with the current development
2017-01-20T17:40:00 <mrtyler> "no problem" huh? :)
2017-01-20T17:40:16 <alanharn_> so i think "commit to keeping demos up AND kept up to date with the GPII codebase" is the key
2017-01-20T17:40:26 <alanharn_> well yes
2017-01-20T17:40:28 <alanharn_> point taken
2017-01-20T17:40:30 <mrtyler> i would consider keeping the demos up to date with master (or, less optimally, with releases) to be part of having demos in the first place
2017-01-20T17:40:49 <mrtyler> seems we agree :)
2017-01-20T17:41:20 <mrtyler> again, these are pretty standard steps up the maturity ladder for any software org
2017-01-20T17:41:41 <mrtyler> so i hope no one feels bad about the current state of play :)
2017-01-20T17:42:18 <alanharnum> nope, i\'ve read all about the maturity model for DevOps (I\'ve even, God help me, read The Phoenix Project twice)
2017-01-20T17:42:25 <mrtyler> ha!
2017-01-20T17:42:28 <alanharnum> so i recognize all this stuff quite well :)
2017-01-20T17:42:36 <mrtyler> i own that book (free giveaway from a conf) and still haven\'t read it once
'

