b'2017-02-17T18:20:39 <Bosmon> simonjb - following on from the discussion yesterday
2017-02-17T18:20:45 <Bosmon> You asked "[20:27] <simonjb> Bosmon: I was meaning to implement a test grade using kettle.plainAsyncMiddleware that need not be async in implementation but verifies that when it is called, the request has been unmarked
2017-02-17T18:20:45 <Bosmon> [20:27] <simonjb> does that make sense?"
2017-02-17T18:21:37 <Bosmon> This doesn\'t seem viable to me because such a middleware grade would violate the contract of an "async middleware" and would be testing the behaviour of the system in a situation which should be unobservable ...
2017-02-17T18:22:26 <Bosmon> I guess we could do it, but it would smell like an odd kind of "white-box testing" in that we would be writing the test to the implementation
2017-02-17T18:23:58 <Bosmon> I guess we could write one that actually *is* async ....
2017-02-17T18:24:52 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-17T18:32:13 <aashay> cindyli: i made a PR regarding FLUID-5430 which was reported by you. Please review it whenever you can.
2017-02-17T18:32:26 * jessm joined the channel
2017-02-17T18:32:55 <cindyli> sure. thanks, aashay
2017-02-17T18:33:15 <Bosmon> simonjb - ok, I\'ve updated my pull following that suggestion
2017-02-17T18:36:12 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-02-17T18:38:04 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-17T18:41:43 <aashay> welcome :)
2017-02-17T18:51:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-17T18:54:03 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-17T19:00:51 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ll merge your kettle pull now -- will be done soon!
2017-02-17T19:03:13 <cindyli> aashay: I left some comments on ur pull request
2017-02-17T19:08:20 * javjarfer has quit
2017-02-17T19:35:55 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T19:38:36 * danayo has quit
2017-02-17T19:40:15 <sgithens> Hey the-t-in-rtf. I\'ve got the gpii-webdriver set up and working on some simple tests in the new comppmt/dptt/penultimateprefseditor.  It\'s pretty cool. I\'m wondering it there is a shortcut event/func available the condense these 2 sequence steps in to one step that basically takes: 1. A CSS or other selector, and 2. The expected value (or maybe a partial value like containedIn).  So like { func:
2017-02-17T19:40:16 <sgithens> "{testEnvironment}.webdriver.containedInElement", args: ["We should have found the right element".single", "One of a kind"] }
2017-02-17T19:40:19 <sgithens> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-webdriver/blob/master/tests/js/findElement/findElement-single.js#L28-L37
2017-02-17T19:50:59 * alanharnum has quit
2017-02-17T19:51:03 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-17T19:51:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T19:54:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T20:01:11 <aashay> cindyli: on it.
2017-02-17T20:25:56 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-17T20:29:58 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-17T20:35:49 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-17T20:50:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T20:56:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T20:58:05 * yzen_ joined the channel
2017-02-17T20:58:09 <aashay> cindyli: made a new commit on FLUID-5430. please look it up. thanks
2017-02-17T20:58:29 <cindyli> thanks, aashay
2017-02-17T21:00:57 * yzen has quit
2017-02-17T21:11:40 <aashay> On the issues page, how do i tag someone who has already commented on that particular issue?
2017-02-17T21:12:13 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-17T21:14:24 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-17T21:14:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-17T21:42:44 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2017-02-17T21:43:14 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2017-02-17T21:45:07 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-17T21:59:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T22:02:42 * alanharnum has quit
2017-02-17T22:02:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T22:04:01 * clown has quit
2017-02-17T22:06:45 <aashay> Justin_o: could you please review my PR on FLUID-4713 (https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4713) ,  (https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/812)
2017-02-17T22:11:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T22:12:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T22:22:17 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-17T22:31:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-17T22:35:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T22:41:23 <danayo> hi alanharnum
2017-02-17T23:36:33 * colinclark joined the channel
'

b'2017-02-17T00:57:58 * stegru has quit
2017-02-17T02:47:34 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-17T03:21:30 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-02-17T03:37:06 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-02-17T04:05:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-17T04:46:56 * deepbook5broo joined the channel
2017-02-17T04:47:29 * deepbook5broo has left the channel
2017-02-17T05:10:17 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-17T05:10:19 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-02-17T05:11:03 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-17T05:15:48 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-17T06:22:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T07:59:21 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-02-17T08:52:39 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-17T09:09:26 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-17T09:13:10 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-17T09:17:32 * yzen has quit
2017-02-17T09:51:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-17T10:22:41 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-17T10:57:55 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-17T11:52:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-17T12:24:09 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T13:00:49 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2017-02-17T13:03:22 * javjarfer has quit
2017-02-17T13:22:10 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-02-17T13:30:20 * sgithens has quit
2017-02-17T13:37:27 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T13:37:28 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-17T13:38:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T13:39:25 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-17T13:41:56 <cindyli> Bosmon: all comments on the data loader pull request https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/503 have been addressed. it\'s ready for another round of review
2017-02-17T13:44:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T14:07:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T14:11:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-17T14:11:18 <Bosmon> Cheers, cindyli - I\'ll take a look!
2017-02-17T14:11:30 <cindyli> thanks, Bosmon
2017-02-17T14:12:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T14:20:49 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-17T14:26:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: have you had a chance to look at this comment i left on my PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/807#discussion_r101073842
2017-02-17T14:26:43 <colinclark> morning, alanharnum
2017-02-17T14:26:52 <alanharnum> morning colinclark
2017-02-17T14:26:52 <colinclark> I left some feedback on your ILDH pull request last night
2017-02-17T14:26:57 <colinclark> it\'s a great document
2017-02-17T14:27:02 <colinclark> full of lots of interesting material
2017-02-17T14:27:05 <colinclark> thanks for making it :)
2017-02-17T14:27:15 <alanharnum> thanks!
2017-02-17T14:27:21 <alanharnum> should I expedite revisions today?
2017-02-17T14:27:30 <alanharnum> as previously discussed?
2017-02-17T14:27:34 <colinclark> I don\'t think you should expedite, but prioritize
2017-02-17T14:27:34 <alanharnum> so that it can be merged in?
2017-02-17T14:27:36 <colinclark> if this makes sense
2017-02-17T14:27:40 <alanharnum> yes
2017-02-17T14:27:46 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-17T14:27:47 <colinclark> I think it\'s better to spend time on it and make it really good
2017-02-17T14:27:55 <colinclark> rather than rushing to get it done for an arbitrary deadline
2017-02-17T14:28:03 <alanharnum> let me put it another way - what date would it be good for this to go into the public site by?
2017-02-17T14:28:09 <colinclark> I\'ll have the "deliverable" finished by the end of this weekend\xe2\x80\x94made some good progress there
2017-02-17T14:28:20 <colinclark> and I think we could aim for mid-next week for shipping?
2017-02-17T14:28:25 <alanharnum> OK
2017-02-17T14:28:37 <colinclark> but my impression is that you\'re better to contemplate and creatively revise
2017-02-17T14:28:41 <colinclark> rather than rush
2017-02-17T14:28:44 <colinclark> if that\'s ok
2017-02-17T14:28:49 <colinclark> I think there\'s a lot of potential in the document
2017-02-17T14:28:59 <colinclark> something I didn\'t say in the review notes
2017-02-17T14:29:01 <colinclark> but that occurs to me
2017-02-17T14:29:15 <colinclark> is that it is perhaps somehow missing the "impact" and "experience" of these events
2017-02-17T14:29:29 <colinclark> the impact meaning, I wonder if you can argue for how hackathons have educational value
2017-02-17T14:29:41 <colinclark> deploy some of the Papert you\'re reading, perhaps :)
2017-02-17T14:30:05 <colinclark> the "experience" is, I wonder if there are more things we can describe about what\'s involved in organizing an event like this
2017-02-17T14:30:25 <colinclark> maybe that\'s premature
2017-02-17T14:30:32 <alanharnum> I can definitely put in some material about the educational value
2017-02-17T14:30:37 <colinclark> cool
2017-02-17T14:30:40 <alanharnum> talk a little about constructivism, hands-on learning, etc
2017-02-17T14:30:40 <colinclark> see what you can do
2017-02-17T14:30:44 <colinclark> yeah, totally
2017-02-17T14:30:54 <colinclark> and then to take that and see it from the perspective of inclusion
2017-02-17T14:31:06 <colinclark> who does hands-on learning engage who might otherwise not be?
2017-02-17T14:31:09 <alanharnum> as for the planning and organization - my sense is that there\'s a lot of good material out there already that my preference would be to link out to, if that makes sense
2017-02-17T14:31:16 <colinclark> summarize and link out
2017-02-17T14:31:21 <colinclark> I think that\'s the key
2017-02-17T14:31:38 <alanharnum> i\'ve got a number of those in there already in the resources, but I\'ll see what I can do to summarize and link out, as you say
2017-02-17T14:31:51 <colinclark> yep
2017-02-17T14:32:03 <colinclark> again, I think this page has the potential, over time, to be more than what it felt like originally
2017-02-17T14:32:09 <colinclark> as something we had to put together to support P4A
2017-02-17T14:32:19 <colinclark> it\'s full of some really great stuff already
2017-02-17T14:33:24 <alanharnum> yeah, I think the big weakness right now is that it\'s somewhat unfocused and random (or maybe I should use less critical terms)
2017-02-17T14:33:55 <alanharnum> and it reflects the biases / capabilities / experiences of its primary author, who is much more experienced in software hacking than physical / hardware making ;)
2017-02-17T14:34:03 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-02-17T14:34:58 <alanharnum> i think the feedback some people had in the design crit that some parts of it (like "inclusive event planning") could potentially be split out and generalized
2017-02-17T14:35:10 <alanharnum> was quite good
2017-02-17T14:36:02 <colinclark> yeah that\'s good feedback
2017-02-17T14:36:14 <colinclark> I think a lot of the "randomness" comes from the nature of the summaries
2017-02-17T14:36:35 <colinclark> see if, rather than "summarizing what\'s below," you can make an "argument"
2017-02-17T14:36:56 <colinclark> in the sense of telling the reader what the goal, impact, value, opportunity, and challenge of the material might be
2017-02-17T14:37:02 <colinclark> for each major section
2017-02-17T14:38:24 <alanharnum> that\'s a good idea
2017-02-17T14:38:45 <alanharnum> dial up the essay nature, dial down the grab-bg
2017-02-17T14:38:52 <alanharnum> s/bg/bag
2017-02-17T14:39:10 <Justin_o> jhung_away: regarding your questions about https://github.com/fluid-project/handbook.floeproject.org  I\'m not sure I\'m totally following what happened to it. Is the site just no longer up, or do we have a new repo for it now?
2017-02-17T14:39:53 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-17T14:41:34 <colinclark> alanharnum: I think that\'s right
2017-02-17T14:41:39 <colinclark> not essay in the scholarly sense so much
2017-02-17T14:41:54 <colinclark> but essay in the sense of, "hey, there\'s a philosophy or a point to all this"
2017-02-17T14:42:02 <alanharnum> no, i mean more like a personal or magazine essay, etc
2017-02-17T14:42:05 <colinclark> a bit more of the "who" and that "why"
2017-02-17T14:42:06 <colinclark> yes
2017-02-17T14:42:10 <colinclark> totally
2017-02-17T14:42:15 <alanharnum> making, as you say, an argument
2017-02-17T14:42:48 <alanharnum> rather than striving for the "objectivity" that a summary-oriented piece has
2017-02-17T14:43:07 <colinclark> yeah, totally
2017-02-17T14:44:30 <colinclark> if you felt like you wanted more background on organizing events, you could chat with David Pererya
2017-02-17T14:44:44 <colinclark> he\'s probably got a few insights you could include in the document
2017-02-17T14:45:05 <colinclark> if only we had more time, I\'d suggest making a little video in which you chat with him about the potential for these kinds of events for inclusive design :)
2017-02-17T14:45:13 <colinclark> but now i\'m getting a bit too excited, I guess
2017-02-17T14:52:51 <alanharnum> for the future :)
2017-02-17T14:53:40 <alanharnum> short videos would be a nice addition to all sorts of places
2017-02-17T14:56:16 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-17T15:03:37 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-02-17T15:08:42 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-17T15:11:50 <michelled> colinclark, alanharnum, Justin_o: I wonder if we could get a film student to make some for us. or edit after we\'ve shot? Let\'s keep an eye out for one
2017-02-17T15:12:48 <colinclark> here, it would be an "integrated media" student :)
2017-02-17T15:13:37 <michelled> :)
2017-02-17T15:14:20 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-17T15:18:57 * stegru has quit
2017-02-17T15:23:47 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-17T15:50:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T16:02:53 * yzen_ joined the channel
2017-02-17T16:05:37 * yzen has quit
2017-02-17T16:21:29 <Justin_o> michelled: intersting, i wonder if there is a work study opportunity there
2017-02-17T16:24:43 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-17T16:32:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T16:49:56 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-17T16:52:27 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-17T16:53:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T17:08:03 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-17T17:11:31 <Justin_o> jhung_away: do yo have any additional comments for https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/811
2017-02-17T17:20:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-17T17:20:37 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-17T17:22:51 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-17T17:23:24 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-17T17:25:09 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-17T17:27:37 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-17T17:35:51 * yzen_ joined the channel
2017-02-17T17:38:37 * yzen has quit
2017-02-17T17:40:20 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-17T17:44:57 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-17T17:46:32 <jhung> Justin_o: sure. I\'ll take a look at that.
2017-02-17T18:01:34 <aashay> I made a PR, i don\'t know who reviews the PRs so i am just posting it here. It would be great if anyone could review it and possibly merge it.   https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/812
2017-02-17T18:14:30 * gloob joined the channel
2017-02-17T18:14:41 <aashay> sorry i have just started contributing to fluid-project so i don\'t know the work flow here but will very soon catch up.
'

