b'2017-03-14T00:08:28 * stegru has quit
2017-03-14T00:08:48 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T06:15:31 * amatas joined the channel
2017-03-14T06:35:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-14T07:08:49 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T07:15:16 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T07:28:08 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T08:47:19 * stegru joined the channel
2017-03-14T08:54:02 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-14T09:25:10 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T09:51:42 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T10:07:48 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T10:32:38 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T10:39:44 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T11:52:06 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T11:53:27 <jhernandez> amatas: ping
2017-03-14T11:54:24 * stegru has quit
2017-03-14T11:55:53 <jhernandez> sorry to bother you, but I\'m getting a weird failure in CI
2017-03-14T11:57:53 <jhernandez> the pull request passed CI 5 days ago, I\'ve just updated the pull request with a small change in the README.md file and now it doesn\'t pass CI anymore
2017-03-14T11:58:06 <jhernandez> this is the pull request https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/8
2017-03-14T12:06:51 <gloob> double checking on my machine
2017-03-14T12:16:11 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-03-14T12:19:08 <gloob> works on my machine (tm)
2017-03-14T12:20:00 <jhernandez> gloob: xDDD
2017-03-14T12:20:08 <jhernandez> well, it passed 5 days ago
2017-03-14T12:20:24 <gloob> it seems a problem with the ci boxes
2017-03-14T12:20:26 <jhernandez> the only thing that has changed since then is the README.md file
2017-03-14T12:20:34 <gloob> the power of READMEs
2017-03-14T12:20:53 <jhernandez> a README file to rule the world
2017-03-14T12:41:05 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T12:44:51 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-03-14T12:52:44 * stegru joined the channel
2017-03-14T12:54:35 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T13:06:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:09:49 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:23:11 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:30:20 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:35:40 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:38:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon, simonjb: I\'ve rescheduled the community meetings regarding Infusion and the Nexus. They will now take place on April 12 and May 3 ( https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+workshops )
2017-03-14T13:39:25 <Bosmon> javjarfer - are those dates still good for you?
2017-03-14T13:41:19 <simonjb> ok Justin_o sounds good
2017-03-14T13:43:38 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T13:52:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:54:09 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:57:34 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:57:37 <simonjb> hey alanharnum, I\'m going to make some changes to the Nexus sensor model values
2017-03-14T13:57:47 <simonjb> I\'m going to add another layer to the model
2017-03-14T13:58:02 <simonjb> so we can include metadata such as name and value range
2017-03-14T13:58:37 <simonjb> so rather than phSensor: 7.1 it will be phSensor: { name: "pH Sensor", value: 7.1 }
2017-03-14T13:59:13 <Justin_o> alanharnum: by the way, i\'ve rescheduled the Infusion / Nexus community meetings to April 12 and May 3
2017-03-14T13:59:34 <alanharnum> simonjb: that sounds perfect
2017-03-14T13:59:49 <simonjb> alanharnum: great
2017-03-14T14:03:26 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-14T14:12:28 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-14T14:25:16 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T14:42:58 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T14:47:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-14T15:01:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-03-14T15:20:12 * lamer14895042822 joined the channel
2017-03-14T15:23:03 * kavya joined the channel
2017-03-14T15:26:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-14T15:57:17 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T15:57:28 * jhung has quit
2017-03-14T16:01:39 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:01:50 * jhung has quit
2017-03-14T16:03:10 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:08:16 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:17:12 * kavya has quit
2017-03-14T16:28:22 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T16:33:54 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:34:21 <danayo> everyone: this looks interesting https://cc.readytalk.com/registration/#/?meeting=bvkpep499hyo&campaign=2ypvarp8rbjs
2017-03-14T16:56:59 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-03-14T17:01:10 * jhung1 joined the channel
2017-03-14T17:15:14 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-14T17:15:16 * kavya joined the channel
2017-03-14T17:26:34 * kavya has quit
2017-03-14T18:02:56 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:05:07 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:05:11 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:13:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:17:50 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:49:34 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-14T19:02:19 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-14T19:13:20 * alanharnum has quit
2017-03-14T19:19:34 * stegru has quit
2017-03-14T19:22:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-14T19:23:32 <cindyli> Bosmon: do you think this is a valid test case - http://pastebin.com/bsVi3n4Q
2017-03-14T19:24:11 <cindyli> this test case failed at line 24 \'cuz the subcomponent is not created
2017-03-14T19:24:20 <Bosmon> cindyli - no, it is not
2017-03-14T19:24:46 <cindyli> Bosmon: what the proper way to handle this use case then?
2017-03-14T19:25:10 <Bosmon> In theory we should be able to do this, but in practice we can\'t
2017-03-14T19:25:11 <Bosmon> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5519
2017-03-14T19:25:16 <cindyli> my bad, a mistake, missed the model block
2017-03-14T19:25:59 <cindyli> Bosmon: adding the model block doesn\'t make difference. reading jira..
2017-03-14T19:26:20 <Bosmon> In practice, fixing this requires the complete set of framework rewrites I am considering
2017-03-14T19:26:44 <Bosmon> You can\'t rely on a particular sequence of initialising a component\'s model with respect to the rest of its material
2017-03-14T19:27:38 <Bosmon> And, still more, you can\'t fire events during a component\'s construction sequence
2017-03-14T19:28:02 <cindyli> ok, if so, i guess the work around at the moment is to fire that model listener at "onCreate" event too to handle the initial model value
2017-03-14T19:28:25 <Bosmon> cindyli, yes
2017-03-14T19:28:31 <cindyli> cool. thanks, Bosmon
2017-03-14T19:28:34 <Bosmon> Unfortunately you will need to take care of this initial workflow manually
2017-03-14T19:28:43 <Bosmon> You can write a TODO referencing FLUID-5519 next to it
2017-03-14T19:28:54 <cindyli> sure
2017-03-14T19:32:11 * amatas joined the channel
2017-03-14T20:04:36 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T20:13:54 * stegru joined the channel
2017-03-14T20:15:32 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-14T20:30:54 * cindyli has quit
2017-03-14T20:55:57 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-14T21:00:49 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-14T21:08:57 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-14T22:01:30 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-14T22:47:38 * stegru has quit
2017-03-14T23:53:04 * sirdancealot has quit
'

