b'2017-09-20T16:50:04 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-20T16:50:27 * michelled has quit
2017-09-20T16:54:35 * stegru has quit
2017-09-20T16:58:49 * kasparnet has quit
2017-09-20T17:00:55 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-09-20T17:22:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T17:26:11 * stegru joined the channel
2017-09-20T17:26:56 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at the community meeting today Ather will be talking about "Inclusion and Innovation Training for Sports and Recreation"
2017-09-20T17:27:26 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: Also a reminder that today\'s community meeting is from 1:30 - 2:30 ET. Which means it\'s starting in a few minutes
2017-09-20T17:28:36 <jhung> thanks Justin_o
2017-09-20T17:29:41 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-20T17:30:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T17:31:03 * danayo joined the channel
2017-09-20T17:31:04 * clown has quit
2017-09-20T17:33:49 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-20T17:34:19 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-20T17:42:02 * cindyli has quit
2017-09-20T17:45:29 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-20T17:48:40 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-20T17:52:15 <ussjoin> When I try to create a page on wiki.gpii.net, I get "unknown error" when saving. Any idea what\'s wrong? I don\'t know if my permissions are bad or the wiki is broken.
2017-09-20T17:52:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-09-20T18:04:24 <stegru> well, that\'s the problem with generic error messages that don\'t disclose any information ;)
2017-09-20T18:05:42 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-09-20T18:19:19 * kasparnet has quit
2017-09-20T18:23:06 <colinclark> amatas: Can you take a look into the wiki issue that ussjoin is encountering?
2017-09-20T18:24:14 <amatas> ussjoin: which is your user on wiki.gpii.net?
2017-09-20T18:24:22 <ussjoin> amatas: ussjoin.
2017-09-20T18:24:57 <amatas> ok, let me check the permissions
2017-09-20T18:28:59 <amatas> ussjoin: could you try to save your document again?, just in case save your changes outside the wiki.
2017-09-20T18:29:47 <ussjoin> amatas Same error.
2017-09-20T18:32:23 <amatas> ussjoin: please, try again
2017-09-20T18:32:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T18:32:56 <ussjoin> amatas: Worked! What happened?
2017-09-20T18:33:26 <amatas> the wiki permissions weren\'t properly set
2017-09-20T18:33:57 <amatas> anyway I have to check why the latests users to join the wiki are not able to edit the pages by default
2017-09-20T18:34:43 <ussjoin> Gotcha. Well, thank you for fixing it! Now I can make all *sorts* of fun new pages.
2017-09-20T18:34:58 <amatas> :) enjoy
2017-09-20T18:39:30 <amatas> ussjoin: could you please ping me before save any change?, I\'d like to check one last thing.
2017-09-20T18:41:48 <ussjoin> amatas: Sure, I\'m ready to make a change now for testing. Let me know?
2017-09-20T18:42:02 <amatas> ok, so wait a second
2017-09-20T18:42:18 <amatas> try to save now the changes
2017-09-20T18:42:59 <amatas> did you get any error?
2017-09-20T18:43:04 <ussjoin> Nope.
2017-09-20T18:43:14 <amatas> awesome
2017-09-20T18:43:16 <amatas> thanks
2017-09-20T18:43:41 <amatas> you can continue, I\'ve fixed the permissions
2017-09-20T18:46:48 * javjarfer has quit
2017-09-20T18:54:46 * cindyli has quit
2017-09-20T18:55:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-20T18:58:53 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli - another little one for you :)
2017-09-20T18:58:54 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/848
2017-09-20T18:59:04 <cindyli> ok, Bosmon
2017-09-20T18:59:33 <Bosmon> Brilliant, cindyli - thanks!
2017-09-20T18:59:43 <cindyli> no problem
2017-09-20T19:12:05 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:15:53 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:16:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:16:38 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-20T19:16:43 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-20T19:16:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:16:46 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:19:20 <ussjoin> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O-m4-5kpnExHm9wKmjG9T7cyCxWNXvBM21lS0JGTtgI/edit?usp=sharing -- colinclark, cindyli, antranig, etc., the quick 2FA overview for which you asked.
2017-09-20T19:19:49 * michelled has quit
2017-09-20T19:22:30 <sepidehshahi> danayo: do you think we can still meet today? or should we talk tomorrow?
2017-09-20T19:23:49 * gtirloni has quit
2017-09-20T19:25:13 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:53:23 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:53:38 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:53:47 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:56:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-20T19:59:34 <cindyli> thanks, ussjoin
2017-09-20T20:03:14 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-20T20:07:10 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-20T20:10:41 * stegru has quit
2017-09-20T20:14:23 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-20T20:26:47 <michelled> grrrero: are you there?
2017-09-20T20:27:25 <grrrero> michelled: Yep but preparing to leave in a few to go to doc
2017-09-20T20:27:38 <michelled> can we chat really quickly?
2017-09-20T20:27:57 <grrrero> Sure
2017-09-20T20:29:52 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-09-20T20:29:59 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2017-09-20T20:32:28 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-20T20:36:00 * sgithens has quit
2017-09-20T20:39:00 * cindyli has quit
2017-09-20T20:43:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-09-20T20:44:31 * jhung has quit
2017-09-20T20:54:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-09-20T20:56:10 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-20T21:01:30 * clown has quit
2017-09-20T21:02:18 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-09-20T21:09:50 * sgithens has quit
2017-09-20T21:15:46 * amatas has quit
2017-09-20T21:30:39 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-09-20T21:32:16 * colinclark has quit
2017-09-20T21:40:04 * sgithens has quit
2017-09-20T21:44:37 * avtar has quit
2017-09-20T22:14:50 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-09-20T22:18:12 * Jess_ has quit
2017-09-20T23:26:21 * Justin_o has quit
2017-09-20T23:42:28 * grrrero has quit
'

b'2017-09-20T12:50:16 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - isn\'t the behaviour when a preference set is clicked to open the PCP showing that preference set?
2017-09-20T12:51:10 <georgitodorov> Well, the API should say that :)
2017-09-20T12:51:24 <georgitodorov> The question is how
2017-09-20T12:51:43 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - well as I have mentioned, I think it is possible to take this "thin client" idea a little too far
2017-09-20T12:52:03 <Bosmon> If it is clear that the behaviour of the PCP\'s context menu is internal to the PCP, it should honour this directly
2017-09-20T12:52:22 * Caren joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:55:00 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: So, we should not expect that when a user keys in there will be a separate "section" in the API response which states what should be displayed in the context menu?
2017-09-20T12:55:35 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - not at this time, no - all this information can be deduced from the existing payloads
2017-09-20T12:56:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:59:24 <georgitodorov> Okay, great. Another question - when the user tries to key in, a dialog should appear with the outcome. Will the API instruct the PCP what should be displayed in the dialog, or again should the PCP display a fixed message (just by checking if the key in was successful or not)?
2017-09-20T13:00:01 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - well I believe all of this material is taken care of by the existing GPII app UI
2017-09-20T13:00:15 <Bosmon> I mean, there isn\'t a separate tray icon and context menu for the PCP, as opposed to the GPII as a whole, is there?
2017-09-20T13:00:31 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-09-20T13:01:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-20T13:03:38 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli - another small one for you to take a look at - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/849/files
2017-09-20T13:03:59 <cindyli> sure, Bosmon
2017-09-20T13:06:08 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Currently, in the hst2017 branch, when a user keys in successfully, a spinner dialog is shown while the user\'s settings are applied. This dialog is more that just a message - it is a complex CSS animation. There is no dialog, though, if there is an error while keying in a user. I guess, in the same manner, this dialog should be available inside the PCP and should be shown when the
2017-09-20T13:06:08 <georgitodorov> user cannot key in
2017-09-20T13:06:51 <georgitodorov> And the API should not instruct the PCP what text to be displayed or how it should be styled, etc.
2017-09-20T13:09:17 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-09-20T13:10:54 * Caren has quit
2017-09-20T13:12:51 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - what do you mean by "the dialog being available inside the PCP"?
2017-09-20T13:13:16 <Bosmon> I mean, it is certainly already going to get shown, right?
2017-09-20T13:13:21 <Bosmon> So what other purpose might the PCP put it to?
2017-09-20T13:14:03 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: The styles, the text, everything about this dialog is in the code of the PCP itself
2017-09-20T13:14:20 <georgitodorov> Nothing at the moment about this dialog is sent via the API
2017-09-20T13:14:32 <Bosmon> That\'s correct
2017-09-20T13:14:51 <georgitodorov> Will this be changed in any way for the upcoming pilot?
2017-09-20T13:14:55 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - no, it will not
2017-09-20T13:17:05 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-09-20T13:17:51 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-09-20T13:21:19 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-20T13:21:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T13:25:31 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-09-20T13:50:46 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-20T13:58:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-20T13:58:46 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-09-20T14:11:39 <dandimitrov> Hi, Bosmon! I\'d like to create a new PR for the progress we\'ve made on the PCP (the dynamic components) and close the current one {https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/pull/1}. We have a JIRA task now and the branch can be renamed in order to follow the naming convention. What base do think would be best for it - our fork\'s hst-2017 or michelle\'s branch (we haven\'t merged her progress yet
2017-09-20T14:11:40 <dandimitrov> as it wasn\'t necessary)?
2017-09-20T14:14:35 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - I think michelle\'s branch is almost immediately on the point of going in, so you should base your work on that
2017-09-20T14:14:49 * avtar joined the channel
2017-09-20T14:16:14 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-20T14:16:27 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-20T14:16:36 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-20T14:18:19 * javjarfer_ has quit
2017-09-20T14:19:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T14:21:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: seems like for UIO+ at some point we\'ll have to support user directed ordering and visibility of panels in UIO
2017-09-20T14:22:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, sounds good
2017-09-20T14:23:08 <Bosmon> We were just talking about preference set metadata in this current chat with kasparnet and colinclark : P
2017-09-20T14:23:29 <Justin_o> oh cool
2017-09-20T14:23:45 <Justin_o> how long ago?
2017-09-20T14:23:51 <Bosmon> 0 seconds
2017-09-20T14:24:05 <Justin_o> in this channel?
2017-09-20T14:24:08 <Justin_o> or on a call
2017-09-20T14:24:19 <Bosmon> a call
2017-09-20T14:24:38 <Justin_o> ah okay, i thought my irc client was messed up...
2017-09-20T14:27:48 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-20T14:40:55 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-09-20T14:41:06 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-09-20T14:41:15 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-09-20T14:43:21 <michelled> jhernandez: in my opinion we should just push this pull request in. https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/17  there are lots of improvements over what\'s in hst and anyone working on that code - like the folks from Astea - are going to have conflicts. Might as well reduce those as much as we can
2017-09-20T14:43:33 <michelled> we then need a full code review of the hst branch anyway
2017-09-20T14:43:41 <michelled> since it\'s time now to try to get it to master
2017-09-20T14:44:24 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-09-20T14:44:32 <michelled> and by \'now\' I mean as a next step - but after the pilots are running smoothly of course
2017-09-20T14:44:55 <michelled> Bosmon: ^
2017-09-20T14:47:22 * avtar has quit
2017-09-20T14:51:32 <simonjb> alanharnum: We\'ve got the next CouchDB meeting on Monday and I think that we said that we would prepare some notes on technology evaluation for design doc management and data migration
2017-09-20T14:51:55 <simonjb> It probably makes sense for us to combine our notes in a single wiki page
2017-09-20T14:52:02 <simonjb> Does that seem reasonable to you?
2017-09-20T14:52:21 <simonjb> Did you start one already? If not, I can make one now
2017-09-20T14:52:35 <alanharnum> simonjb: yeah, let\'s chat with gmoss this afternoon - I honestly don\'t have a great deal because aside from the CouchApp paradigm (which is no longer recommended by the Couch development team), there isn\'t a lot of maintained tooling
2017-09-20T14:52:45 <alanharnum> simonjb: that sounds good, I\'ll put in what I\'ve got
2017-09-20T14:53:14 * avtar joined the channel
2017-09-20T14:54:35 <gmoss> simonjb alanharnum this afternoon works for me!
2017-09-20T14:55:03 <simonjb> alanharnum, gmoss: I\'ll make a wiki page and put in my notes so far and ping you when it\'s up
2017-09-20T14:55:12 <simonjb> and chatting this afternoon works for me also
2017-09-20T15:00:02 <jhernandez> michelled: hey, reading this right now (been almost all of the day off)
2017-09-20T15:00:06 * danayo joined the channel
2017-09-20T15:00:13 <jhernandez> I fully agree with you
2017-09-20T15:04:10 <michelled> do we need Bosmon to sign off or can we go ahead? I know he\'s very swamped right now
2017-09-20T15:04:38 <jhernandez> michelled: tests aside, what else should I try? what else does this pull request bring? I see that now we\'re using the snapsets and many other improvements
2017-09-20T15:04:47 <jhernandez> I can push it
2017-09-20T15:04:50 * avtar has quit
2017-09-20T15:05:06 <michelled> jhernandez: there\'s a change to how to run in \'dev\' mode
2017-09-20T15:05:11 <michelled> npm run dev
2017-09-20T15:05:27 <michelled> \'npm start\' will run in production mode
2017-09-20T15:05:38 <jhernandez> right, let me fire up my vm
2017-09-20T15:05:39 <Bosmon> I\'d like to have a quick check over if there\'s time
2017-09-20T15:05:39 <michelled> jhernandez: most of the functionality is all the same
2017-09-20T15:05:48 <Bosmon> But I don\'t have time for a couple of hours
2017-09-20T15:06:38 <alanharnum> Justin_o: I moved the multilingual UIO demo code into the main Infusion repo in this branch: https://github.com/waharnum/infusion/tree/FLUID-6198 - does it make sense to open a PR to discuss what further work we might want done?
2017-09-20T15:07:00 <Justin_o> alanharnum: sure, sounds good
2017-09-20T15:07:31 <Justin_o> alanharnum: we may end up wanting a language adjuster and enactor
2017-09-20T15:10:50 <jhernandez> Bosmon: fair enough, and yes, we do have time since we\'re not blocked from conducting the pilots, but it\'s also true that we should avoid conflicts as michelled said
2017-09-20T15:12:31 <jhernandez> I\'m passing the tests right now, woohoo!!!
2017-09-20T15:12:37 <michelled> :)
2017-09-20T15:15:50 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-20T15:25:06 <jhernandez> okay, I\'ve just tested it and works as expected
2017-09-20T15:25:08 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-09-20T15:29:29 <jhernandez> michelled: I saw that you fixed most of the lint errors but still there\'s one in tests.js, it\'s about fluid var not being used
2017-09-20T15:30:01 <jhernandez> nothing to worry about
2017-09-20T15:30:11 <michelled> oops - I forgot to lint at the end
2017-09-20T15:30:46 <jhernandez> also, I\'m wondering whether we can get the output in the console (rather than in the file) when running in dev mode
2017-09-20T15:31:28 * danayo has quit
2017-09-20T15:32:13 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-20T15:32:19 * michelled has quit
2017-09-20T15:32:26 <jhernandez> but of course, this doesn\'t block us from merging it
2017-09-20T15:32:35 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-20T15:32:39 * michelled has quit
2017-09-20T15:32:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T15:33:05 <jhernandez> I guess I\'ll create a JIRA ticket about it
2017-09-20T15:35:28 * danayo joined the channel
2017-09-20T15:37:22 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-20T15:39:14 * simonjb has quit
2017-09-20T15:42:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-09-20T15:45:03 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-20T15:45:42 <jhernandez> kasparnet: I need to leave now and "malheureusement" I\'m going to miss the arch meeting :(
2017-09-20T15:45:57 <kasparnet> mais non, Javi
2017-09-20T15:46:10 <kasparnet> or well
2017-09-20T15:46:15 <kasparnet> oui oui
2017-09-20T15:46:17 <kasparnet> :)
2017-09-20T15:46:23 <kasparnet> thanks for the heads up
2017-09-20T15:46:36 <jhernandez> j\'suis vraiment d\xc3\xa9sol\xc3\xa9!
2017-09-20T15:47:06 <jhernandez> kasparnet: I\'m sending to you an email with my updates
2017-09-20T15:47:12 <jhernandez> :)
2017-09-20T15:47:39 <kasparnet> parfait! Mer\xc3\xa7i beaucoup, Le Javi
2017-09-20T15:50:52 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2017-09-20T15:51:58 * colinclark has quit
2017-09-20T15:54:08 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-20T15:54:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T15:58:57 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-20T16:03:30 <Justin_o> gtirloni: I can\'t seem to access the fluid wiki anymore got a 502 error
2017-09-20T16:03:43 <gtirloni> Justin_o: i got an alert and i\'m checking that
2017-09-20T16:03:51 <gtirloni> seems like confluence was stuck using 100% cpu
2017-09-20T16:06:01 <gtirloni> it\'s starting now. it should take 2-3min to be fully up
2017-09-20T16:08:03 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-20T16:09:39 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-09-20T16:09:47 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2017-09-20T16:11:08 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks, it looks like it\'s working now
2017-09-20T16:12:14 <gtirloni> cool! sorry about that.. i feel like this has happened a lot in the past but it\'s much better nowadays. if it continues happening, i\'ll investigate it further, okay? let\'s put this on the jvm\'s tab for now :)
2017-09-20T16:12:41 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-09-20T16:12:57 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-20T16:13:57 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yah, i don\'t recall it happening much recently.. so probably an anomally
2017-09-20T16:25:53 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-20T16:26:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T16:27:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T16:28:34 * avtar joined the channel
2017-09-20T16:47:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T16:49:04 * yuriy has quit
'

b'2017-09-20T00:02:12 * grrrero has quit
2017-09-20T00:21:56 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-09-20T00:25:35 * yuriy has quit
2017-09-20T00:25:35 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-09-20T00:26:18 * yuriy joined the channel
2017-09-20T00:48:23 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-09-20T01:12:13 * danayo_ has quit
2017-09-20T01:32:08 * sgithens has quit
2017-09-20T02:42:51 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-09-20T05:07:23 * sgithens has quit
2017-09-20T05:11:08 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-20T06:57:22 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-09-20T07:34:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-20T07:42:06 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-09-20T07:44:22 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-09-20T07:48:39 * stegru joined the channel
2017-09-20T08:22:19 * amatas joined the channel
2017-09-20T09:00:10 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hi, Antranig! I can see that the example snapsets (https://github.com/GPII/universal/tree/master/testData/preferences) of the preferences which the PCP should support have changed since the last time I took a look at them. It would be very helpful if they are somehow included in the payloads returned for the test users in the PCP so that we know how to display them.
2017-09-20T09:00:50 <georgitodorov> It seems that an application can have preferences which are objects instead of primitive values or an array of primitive values (e.g. the "http://registry.gpii.net/applications/com.microsoft.windows.highContrast" application has a "HighContrastOn" preference which is an object with 2 properties - path and value). Is it possible to have even further level of nesting for preferences?
2017-09-20T09:02:22 <georgitodorov> In the example above will there be separate schemas for "path" and "value" within the schema for "HighContrastOn" preference or is "path" some information which is not to be visualized by the PCP?
2017-09-20T09:25:32 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Also, I noticed that in the solutionsRegistryEntries for each application there can be multiple settingsHandlers defined. Usually the settingsHandles is an object containing a single key ("configure") but this is not always the case. There can be multiple keys (e.g. "configureTheme", "configureNoRoam"). Do these keys have any special meaning to the PCP? Or, shall we just examine
2017-09-20T09:25:33 <georgitodorov> all corresponding values without taking into consideration the names of the keys?
2017-09-20T10:09:44 * javjarfer_ joined the channel
2017-09-20T10:12:58 * javjarfer has quit
2017-09-20T10:24:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-09-20T10:26:36 <Bosmon> Hi georgitodorov - you can ignore the "path" field, it is just an artefact of the settings handler machinery, I will have it removed from the next versions of the payloads
2017-09-20T10:28:46 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - for the 2nd question, you should just consider those keys whose names appear in the "configure" action of the settingsHandler
2017-09-20T10:29:06 <Bosmon> Which unfortunately we have stripped out of the payloads
2017-09-20T10:29:25 <Bosmon> I\'ll arrange for the PCP channel to do this indirection itself so you don\'t need to
2017-09-20T10:29:31 <Bosmon> kasparnet - but we have a further problem now
2017-09-20T10:29:37 <Bosmon> That has resulted from jhernandez change to the payloads
2017-09-20T10:29:44 <kasparnet> nooooooo
2017-09-20T10:29:45 <Bosmon> In that the high contrast settings have now been doubled
2017-09-20T10:29:58 <Bosmon> Leading the PCP to imagine that we have two high contrast settings rather than one
2017-09-20T10:30:13 <kasparnet> how has it been doubled?
2017-09-20T10:30:38 <Bosmon> Well, I guess this isn\'t the PCP\'s business at the moment, it may as well render the fact that we do indeed have two high contrast settings
2017-09-20T10:30:44 <Bosmon> Because this is what is encoded in the user\'s preferences
2017-09-20T10:31:03 <Bosmon> kasparnet - due to some matchmaker problem which I don\'t remember the details of, jhernandez needed to split the high contrast setting into 2 application specific terms
2017-09-20T10:31:09 <Bosmon> One for Windows, one for the Chrome extension
2017-09-20T10:31:11 <kasparnet> ah yes
2017-09-20T10:39:31 <Bosmon> kasparnet - what issue is this?
2017-09-20T10:39:37 <Bosmon> And what are we going to do about it?
2017-09-20T10:40:22 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: So, in the future versions of the payload there will be something like this "HighContrastOn": true? Or will it be "HighContrastOn": { "value": true}?
2017-09-20T10:40:43 <georgitodorov> Or can we have both cases?
2017-09-20T10:41:13 <kasparnet> Bosmon: it\'s due to the multi-layer thing
2017-09-20T10:41:17 <georgitodorov> (Sorry for the many questions. We are trying to figure out how to parse the application preferences)
2017-09-20T10:41:34 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - no, all the questions are excellent :)
2017-09-20T10:42:21 <Bosmon> kasparnet - can you help?
2017-09-20T10:42:37 <Bosmon> I\'m starting to worry that the value of an application-specific preference is essentially uninterpretable
2017-09-20T10:42:37 <kasparnet> so the user preferences matches both of the two solutions "windows high contrast" and "UIO+" but since UIO+ fits with more of the preferences
2017-09-20T10:42:46 <Bosmon> In which case we need to fix the schema for them
2017-09-20T10:43:07 <kasparnet> the canopy matchmaker decides that that is the solution to launch
2017-09-20T10:43:33 <Bosmon> kasparnet - is there a branch in progress which has even a bodged fix for this?
2017-09-20T10:43:43 <Bosmon> Sorry to be passing on both sets of questions at once :)
2017-09-20T10:44:02 <kasparnet> nope - cause it requires the effectology
2017-09-20T10:44:14 <kasparnet> so the workaround is to add application specific preferences for both solutions
2017-09-20T10:44:25 <Bosmon> Argh
2017-09-20T10:44:25 <Bosmon> ok
2017-09-20T10:44:29 <kasparnet> BUT i _do_ need to get started on the effectology work
2017-09-20T10:44:31 <kasparnet> soon
2017-09-20T10:44:38 <Bosmon> I\'m suspecting that we are going to have to bodge something for this for the pilots
2017-09-20T10:44:52 <Bosmon> Since I don\'t think the user is, in the end, going to want to see two high contrast settings
2017-09-20T10:45:12 <kasparnet> and the PCP shows _all_ the settings present in the users NP set?
2017-09-20T10:45:28 <Bosmon> Well, how can it know which settings not to show? : P
2017-09-20T10:45:44 <Bosmon> And if it only shows one of them, then the other one won\'t get adjusted
2017-09-20T10:45:58 <kasparnet> yeah, good point
2017-09-20T10:46:04 <Bosmon> But isn\'t it the case that there is an early phase of matchmaking where application-specific terms are mapped back into common terms?
2017-09-20T10:46:20 <kasparnet> yes, indeed
2017-09-20T10:46:33 <Bosmon> Could we throw some output from this phase into a "super-fat payload" and then try to disentangle it in the PCP channel?
2017-09-20T10:46:52 <Bosmon> And then disentangle it when you write the "mini-matchmaker" tomorrow? : P
2017-09-20T10:47:03 <kasparnet> :D
2017-09-20T10:47:13 <Bosmon> I mean, disentangle it further
2017-09-20T10:47:23 <kasparnet> well - even the mini matchmaker would need the application specific settings, I guess
2017-09-20T10:47:31 <Bosmon> That\'s right
2017-09-20T10:47:39 <Bosmon> That\'s why we\'ll somehow need two levels of disentanglement
2017-09-20T10:47:55 <Bosmon> The PCP channel will have to synthesise some fake preferences and then get rid of them again
2017-09-20T10:47:57 <kasparnet> it sounds absolutely horrific :S
2017-09-20T10:48:07 <Bosmon> Yeah well
2017-09-20T10:48:10 <Bosmon> Can you think of an alternative?
2017-09-20T10:48:13 <kasparnet> yes
2017-09-20T10:48:18 <Bosmon> YES!
2017-09-20T10:48:22 <kasparnet> but it\'s terrible hacky
2017-09-20T10:48:28 <kasparnet> but generally low impact on the codebase
2017-09-20T10:48:29 <Bosmon> More hacky than this?
2017-09-20T10:48:35 <kasparnet> ... hmm.. hold on
2017-09-20T10:48:43 <kasparnet> let me think before I say something stupid :)
2017-09-20T10:49:01 <Bosmon> Ironically, this kind of move brings the PCP closer to Gregg\'s fabled "thin client" : P
2017-09-20T10:49:17 <Bosmon> In that there is an extra layer of indirection between what the PCP reads/writes and the actual preferences set
2017-09-20T10:49:54 <Bosmon> And also don\'t forget my question above about application-specific preferences themselves :)
2017-09-20T10:50:44 <kasparnet> hmm... ok, so since "highContrast" isn\'t set as a conflicting preference/applicationtype in the apptology
2017-09-20T10:51:02 <kasparnet> perhaps a simple work around would be to have a preference for the windows high contrast in the preference set
2017-09-20T10:51:11 <kasparnet> and make sure it has at least 1 setting that matches UIO+
2017-09-20T10:51:21 <kasparnet> in that case (I think) the high contrast will be applied to windows
2017-09-20T10:51:51 <kasparnet> but since there is another setting in the UIO+ that is not fulfilled by the windows HC, the canopy MM will launch that
2017-09-20T10:51:55 <kasparnet> as well
2017-09-20T10:52:00 <kasparnet> .... does that sound wrong?
2017-09-20T10:52:03 <kasparnet> I can try it out
2017-09-20T10:52:33 <kasparnet> I guess all this stuff is in master for me to test there..
2017-09-20T10:55:20 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Regarding the application-specific values, we can check its type - if it is a primitive value (string, number, boolean) or an array of primitive values, use it. If it is an object containing a "value" property, use that. Otherwise - do nothing for now
2017-09-20T10:56:55 <kasparnet> Bosmon: re: the application specific settings, I thought the idea all along was to add schema info for them in the solution registry
2017-09-20T11:04:48 <Bosmon> kasparnet - well, let\'s look at a couple
2017-09-20T11:06:18 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/preferences/snapset_2c.json#L12
2017-09-20T11:06:20 <Bosmon> Here\'s one
2017-09-20T11:06:23 <Bosmon> And above it is another
2017-09-20T11:06:26 <Bosmon> Spot the difference? : P
2017-09-20T11:07:22 <Bosmon> kasparnet - your solution sounds wrong, no?
2017-09-20T11:07:32 <Bosmon> Because we not only have to launch UIO+, it needs to go into high contrast mode
2017-09-20T11:08:08 <Bosmon> Or is it, simply because it is launched, going to try to handle the preference as well?
2017-09-20T11:08:32 <Bosmon> I guess it will, since we have struggled so hard to prevent applications from being sent extra preferences : P
2017-09-20T11:14:04 <Bosmon> kasparnet - so I see that we have an "inferredCommonTerms" block which is emitted by the matchMaker, it\'s just that currently we throw it away
2017-09-20T11:58:35 <Bosmon> So kasparnet - and for anyone else in the channel who is interested
2017-09-20T11:58:53 <Bosmon> You can now test windows preferences without needing windows by using the mock configs in my branch
2017-09-20T11:58:54 * kasparnet is doing a drumroll
2017-09-20T11:59:07 <Bosmon> For example I use this to test the architecture:
2017-09-20T11:59:08 <Bosmon> node gpii.js gpii/configs/mocks gpii.config.development.all.local.mock.windows.json5
2017-09-20T11:59:33 <Bosmon> You can then do stuff like connecting the PCP client etc, but at least you will get to see all the payloads scrolling by
2017-09-20T12:00:19 <Bosmon> It\'s my GPII-2383 branch here: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/549
2017-09-20T12:01:42 <kasparnet> awesome!!! Thanks antranig
2017-09-20T12:09:42 * stegru has quit
2017-09-20T12:10:21 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:14:57 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-09-20T12:19:28 * jhung joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:19:50 <Bosmon> kasparnet - do you want to paste the prefs sets you are experimenting with and I can try them myself?
2017-09-20T12:20:04 <Bosmon> Also, we need to do something about the schemas for application-specific preferences, see above
2017-09-20T12:20:50 <kasparnet> I just tried them out and found a potential issue in the CMM
2017-09-20T12:21:05 <kasparnet> Might give you a call in a sec, but I should probably grab something quick to eat first
2017-09-20T12:21:09 <kasparnet> ...starving
2017-09-20T12:21:38 <kasparnet> and very much yes to the schemas
2017-09-20T12:21:51 <kasparnet> I\'ll be afk for 30 mins
2017-09-20T12:22:03 <kasparnet> then we can discuss this in channel or in skype
2017-09-20T12:22:23 * stegru joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:23:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:24:55 <Bosmon> ok
2017-09-20T12:24:58 <Bosmon> I\'ll be here
2017-09-20T12:33:32 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:36:05 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:36:39 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:37:36 * Caren joined the channel
2017-09-20T12:42:48 * Caren has quit
2017-09-20T12:44:38 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I have a couple of additional questions :D
2017-09-20T12:45:36 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - awesome
2017-09-20T12:45:40 <Bosmon> Please state the questions now :)
2017-09-20T12:45:52 <Bosmon> It\'s best for us to be aware of as many of them as possible
2017-09-20T12:46:06 <Bosmon> Just in case the answers end up having some kind of interaction : P
2017-09-20T12:47:17 * Jess_ has quit
2017-09-20T12:48:48 <georgitodorov> After discussing the PCP tasks, it was agreed that the items in the PCP context menu should be populated based on the information received from the API. The only exception to this will be the \'Open PCP\' menu item which will be the top item in the menu.
2017-09-20T12:49:15 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - do you mean "Open PMT"?
2017-09-20T12:49:23 <Bosmon> Ah sorry, the context menu
2017-09-20T12:49:24 <Bosmon> ok
2017-09-20T12:49:29 <georgitodorov> This means that the API should instruct the PCP what action should be taken when the corresponding menu item is clicked (e.g. if a preference set is clicked)
'

