b'2017-10-04T17:52:41 <Bosmon> Now I try to run the tests
2017-10-04T17:53:08 <Bosmon> As it seems, it makes no change itself to the workflow by which we build our "dist" assets, including compiling CSS from Stylus files
2017-10-04T17:53:31 <Bosmon> But it seems that, for a long time, all of our test case files have been making references to their CSS files in a location where they are not present
2017-10-04T17:54:00 <Bosmon> That is, literally in src/preferences/css/Enactors.css
2017-10-04T17:54:12 <Bosmon> er src/framework/preferences/css/Enactors.css
2017-10-04T17:54:37 <Bosmon> For a long time this hasn\'t mattered, since the only result was that some content in test cases which noone could see in any case wasn\'t getting styled correctly
2017-10-04T17:55:00 <Bosmon> But now it seems we have some test cases in SeparatedPanelPrefsEditorResponsive-test.html which depend on particular CSS rules being active
2017-10-04T17:55:35 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-04T17:55:52 <Bosmon> It seems it would be useful to have in place i) an extra grunt task to copy these files into place, and ii) a .gitignore rule to make sure they didn\'t get committed
2017-10-04T17:56:20 <Bosmon> Otherwise people will be "surprised" by the fact that the test cases now fail when run from within the project itself
2017-10-04T17:57:11 <Bosmon> Interestingly it seems we must have once had a build task of this form
2017-10-04T17:57:29 <Bosmon> Since I see there is a "clean" rule to clear the CSS files out of that location
2017-10-04T17:57:39 <Bosmon> stylus: ["src/components/switch/css/*.css", "src/framework/preferences/css/*.css"],
2017-10-04T17:59:58 <Bosmon> Ah, perhaps I\'m misreading this
2017-10-04T18:00:08 <Bosmon> And the files are being built there and then cleaned out of there by the postBuild
2017-10-04T18:12:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry, just getting back
2017-10-04T18:12:54 <Justin_o> there is a build for those stylus files.. "grunt buildStylus"
2017-10-04T18:13:13 <Justin_o> having a .gitignore would be a good idea.. i though there was one, but perhaps we failed to do that
2017-10-04T18:14:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, these lines of the gitignore should prevent any of the generated css from being committed https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/.gitignore#L5-L6
2017-10-04T18:17:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it is a good point to note thought that a build is needed for the tests to pass now.. that should be okay for the artifacts on the build site but it could be annoying or unexpected for those testing locally... i guess for manual testing of prefs framework related things you also need to run a build though..
2017-10-04T18:24:56 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:30:20 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:31:18 * javjarfer_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:31:36 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting we\'ll be talking about ways to better announce and share what we discuss and learn at community meetings
2017-10-04T18:32:22 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:33:50 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-04T18:36:11 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:36:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:38:18 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: google doc for today\'s community meeting https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OVvlKGN84Fg-Kq2XWd5I0uRyTqG6H9MGMcckG-IEDvo/edit?usp=sharing
2017-10-04T18:41:05 * stegru has quit
2017-10-04T18:41:32 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:42:14 * jhung joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:42:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:43:46 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:44:57 * avtar1 joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:49:45 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-04T18:56:25 <Bosmon> Justin_o - but the build doesn\'t seem to run automatically as a result of "npm install"?
2017-10-04T18:57:11 <Bosmon> I guess it does
2017-10-04T18:57:22 <Bosmon> But I guess it indeed the issue that the products are cleaned away....
2017-10-04T19:27:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-04T19:31:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-04T19:38:10 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-04T19:53:06 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-04T19:53:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, so a dist build is kicked off on npm install and that does cleanup afterwards.. although that will not happen in the future.. you may have seen an npm warning that prepublish scripts won\'t get run on install in the future
2017-10-04T19:55:54 <Justin_o> https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/scripts#deprecation-note
2017-10-04T19:56:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we could look at adding a "prepare" step to run build or buildStylus task
2017-10-04T20:05:10 * javjarfer_ has quit
2017-10-04T20:07:44 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-04T20:11:44 * jhung joined the channel
2017-10-04T20:19:32 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-04T20:28:49 <Justin_o> colinclark: sorry, just saw your message about the licensing.. thanks for updating the page.
2017-10-04T20:28:59 <colinclark> no problem!
2017-10-04T20:29:23 <Justin_o> I\'ve only had a chance to skim it but noticed that icons should be CC licenced... i\'ll have to update our infusion-icons repo which is currently BSD-3
2017-10-04T20:30:25 <colinclark> I think that\'s correct, yes
2017-10-04T20:30:37 <colinclark> Only code gets licensed under a source code license
2017-10-04T20:30:39 <colinclark> the rest is CC
2017-10-04T20:30:44 <Justin_o> colinclark:  you mean that it\'s BSD-3 or that is should be CC
2017-10-04T20:30:49 <colinclark> the latter
2017-10-04T20:30:52 <Justin_o> okay
2017-10-04T20:30:57 <colinclark> the question of which CC license, specifically, is a bit more of a complex question
2017-10-04T20:31:31 <colinclark> obviously it\'s nice to use the latest version, but in some cases we have content that is quite old, and was originally CC-BY 2.5 Canada licensed, or CC-BY 3.0 Unported
2017-10-04T20:31:43 <colinclark> in those cases, if we\'re the rights holder, we can relicense to the latest CC-BY 4.0
2017-10-04T20:31:52 <colinclark> but if it\'s someone\'s else, we\'d have to ask them to do so
2017-10-04T20:32:00 <colinclark> which is a lot of work and maybe not too important
2017-10-04T20:32:24 <Justin_o> colinclark: i think the svgs are interesting because they could be considered an artifact or source. At any rate I don\'t have a personal preference and am happy to make the change, probably tomorrow
2017-10-04T20:32:34 <colinclark> :)
2017-10-04T20:32:37 <colinclark> Yes, that\'s very interesting
2017-10-04T20:33:16 <Justin_o> colinclark: the CC issue is tricky..
2017-10-04T20:33:56 <Justin_o> i suppose for the icons the svgs didn\'t explicitly have a CC license so we should be fine to use the latest.. i\'m not sure about things like the infusion docs though
2017-10-04T20:34:09 <Justin_o> did we have the older CC license on the wiki before?
2017-10-04T20:34:27 <colinclark> yes, we did
2017-10-04T20:34:38 <colinclark> although interestingly, it seems that it was updated haphazardly over the years
2017-10-04T20:34:46 <colinclark> and quite possibly not well stated in the first place
2017-10-04T20:35:01 <colinclark> when we started Fluid, we were using CC-BY 2.5 Canada
2017-10-04T20:35:15 <colinclark> the Infusion docs were explicitly licensed CC-BY 3.0
2017-10-04T20:35:31 <colinclark> and I think that\'s reasonable
2017-10-04T20:35:42 <colinclark> I have tried to clearly reflect that history on the page
2017-10-04T20:36:12 <colinclark> Given that the workflow for icons is generally a "content" workflow, that they often start in another format (e.g. .ai), and you\'d want the license to apply to artefacts generated from the SVG (e.g. PNGs), I think Creative Commons is the most appropriate for icons
2017-10-04T20:36:21 <colinclark> it also seems to be the general convention by others
2017-10-04T20:38:25 <Justin_o> okay, sounds good
2017-10-04T20:40:35 <colinclark> it\'s not unusual for things to be distributed with mixed CC versions, I understand
2017-10-04T20:40:59 <Justin_o> colinclark: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6210
2017-10-04T20:41:11 <Justin_o> colinclark: ah okay, i was wondering about the Infusion Docs case
2017-10-04T20:41:25 <Justin_o> do we have to mention explicitly which parts are which?
2017-10-04T20:41:29 <colinclark> so in general, if there\'s a case where we\'ve got some material that we know is from another organization/individual (e.g. U of T) and we\'re continuing to modify/extend it, we can mark the new stuff as CC-BY 4.0 and the old stuff otherwise
2017-10-04T20:41:31 <colinclark> yes, generally you do
2017-10-04T20:41:46 <colinclark> there\'s nothing terribly wrong about using an older license, as well, in the grand scheme of things
2017-10-04T20:42:06 <colinclark> so that\'s one we can make based on discretion\xe2\x80\x94deciding if it\'s easier to just keep it all at the same version vs. mixing it
2017-10-04T20:42:16 <Justin_o> i wonder how we can best express the mixed case within the docs.. considering that it could be changes within a paragraph for example\'
2017-10-04T20:42:24 <colinclark> right
2017-10-04T20:42:38 <colinclark> in that case, it\'s probably a lot easier just not to upgrade the new contributions
2017-10-04T20:43:45 <colinclark> a world where rights were assigned would have been much easier, I have to say :)
2017-10-04T20:44:57 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, for cases like this for sure
2017-10-04T20:57:52 <Bosmon> Justin_o - could we just skip the cleanup?
2017-10-04T20:58:00 <Bosmon> As we decided to do for some of the built files already
2017-10-04T20:58:28 <avtar> Bosmon: justin has left the building
2017-10-04T20:58:30 <Bosmon> Right now we have the issue that if someone checks out our project, and does an "npm install", they will find the checkout in a condition where the tests won\'t pass
2017-10-04T21:13:25 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-04T21:25:46 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T21:28:01 * stegru has quit
2017-10-04T21:44:29 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-04T21:52:38 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: maintenance on the IDRC servers will start in a few minutes (6PM EDT)
2017-10-04T22:09:34 * amatas has quit
2017-10-04T22:39:09 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-04T22:46:33 * stegru has quit
2017-10-04T23:26:39 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T23:31:57 * danayo_ has quit
2017-10-04T23:50:14 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-04T23:52:20 * mrtyler joined the channel
'

b'2017-10-04T14:22:52 <Bosmon> But I found that given the current ChangeApplier implementation, this is almost impossibly hard
2017-10-04T14:22:54 <alanharnum> colinclark: that same case is the one made for wholesale adoption of the AWS stack, and it\'s not necessarily invalid depending on your goals
2017-10-04T14:23:09 <Bosmon> In the case where you\'ve pasted the code, it is easy, because all the changing code is in the same scope
2017-10-04T14:23:17 <Bosmon> And so it doesn\'t disrupt it too much to stick in a transaction
2017-10-04T14:23:33 <Bosmon> But in the GPII, there are multiple sites which fire changes during a logon process, and some of them are even asynchronous
2017-10-04T14:23:35 <colinclark> alanharnum: yes, as I\'ve seen in our own effort to remain cloud-portable on APCP
2017-10-04T14:23:55 <Bosmon> So it would be extremely hard to find them all and wrap them in a transaction, and in any case, this should be something which can be done from the outside, without having to disrupt all the code
2017-10-04T14:23:59 <alanharnum> colinclark: it\'s an interesting needle they\'re trying to thread - making the case for well-integrated platforms and tooling and arguing that the coordination and integration cost of solo open source is too high for government to pay, but also claiming that "public" cloud is not appropriate
2017-10-04T14:23:59 <colinclark> it would have been so much easier to simply use all of AWS\' tools
2017-10-04T14:24:07 <colinclark> yes
2017-10-04T14:24:24 <Bosmon> I had an idea late during my Boulder time which I named "vertical transactions" which I think is going to have to come into play sooner rather than later
2017-10-04T14:24:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what is a vertical transaction?
2017-10-04T14:24:47 <Bosmon> SInce it will also remove a lot of the special casing that we currently have around the visibility of changes within a model relay
2017-10-04T14:25:13 <Bosmon> At the moment it\'s impossible for an ordinary user to "beat" the relay system and see any of the changes within it
2017-10-04T14:25:32 <Bosmon> All you can do as an ordinary user is to open a transaction, which is quite disruptive and doesn\'t quite achieve the same effect
2017-10-04T14:25:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, I\'ll have to finish writing up the JIRA : P
2017-10-04T14:25:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay :)
2017-10-04T14:26:00 <Bosmon> But this will also be increasingly important as we start adopting the Nexus and similar technologies across our stack
2017-10-04T14:26:09 <gmoss> the-t-in-rtf: thanks for your response! I agree that partials seem like the best bet for a handlebars solution in that case. alanharnum and I ended up deciding to stick with our fluid.stringTemplate solution for the time being
2017-10-04T14:26:14 <Bosmon> Because it is vital that these transactions can be observed OVER THE WIRE as well as just within a single system
2017-10-04T14:27:33 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks for closing the loop @gmoss.
2017-10-04T14:28:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it would probably be useful for debugging too
2017-10-04T14:29:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, right now it is extremely hard to debug into model relay transactions
2017-10-04T14:29:12 <Bosmon> Because they occur in a "little private world"
2017-10-04T14:29:28 <Bosmon> Under the new system it would be possible to write a special kind of model listener which could observe them
2017-10-04T14:29:39 <Bosmon> Without disturbing them
2017-10-04T14:30:03 <Justin_o> that\'s be great
2017-10-04T14:30:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i don\'t think my PR from ages ago made it in, has there been any other work on debouncing and throttling model changes or datasources
2017-10-04T14:31:15 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no, not so far
2017-10-04T14:31:20 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - do you have any reminiscences in this area?
2017-10-04T14:33:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m some what worried that what might also be happening is that the changes are happening in the panel, being sent by a message to the datastore but are happening fast enough that a new change is made in the panel and the previous update from the datastore is coming back and trying to change it back to the previous value.
2017-10-04T14:34:09 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, that is quite possible
2017-10-04T14:34:27 <Bosmon> You might have to do something similarly dreadful to what I did in the GPII codebase last night : P
2017-10-04T14:34:38 <Bosmon> It\'s funny how these kinds of problems all come to a head at once
2017-10-04T14:34:51 <Bosmon> Sometimes there is just "something in the air" ....
2017-10-04T14:35:22 <Justin_o> what happenstance.. i actually should have hit this earlier but i thought it was specific to a certain machine. :(
2017-10-04T14:35:24 <the-t-in-rtf> @bosmon, not that I can recall, I tend to use the model relay in a fairly basic way.  I only learned about relay transforms last week...
2017-10-04T14:36:12 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - I think you were thinking about throttling/debouncing at some point though?
2017-10-04T14:36:51 <the-t-in-rtf> Maybe years ago with regards to requests in flight, but not with regards to model changes in flight.
2017-10-04T14:38:02 <the-t-in-rtf> My work on the binder might be what you\'re thinking of.
2017-10-04T14:38:27 <the-t-in-rtf> That does attempt a circular update immediately, but because the value is already stable, there are generally no problems beyond the extra attempted relay.
2017-10-04T14:39:24 <the-t-in-rtf> by circular I mean that A is updated, B is updated, and an additional attempt is made to inform A of the change.
2017-10-04T14:40:53 * jhung_busy is now known as jhung
2017-10-04T14:41:04 <the-t-in-rtf> @jhung, you\'re not busy any more!\xe2\x80\xa6 ;)
2017-10-04T14:41:25 <the-t-in-rtf> Just wanted to reach out, we can chat off to the side if the landslide of comments I left on the docs pull are at all confusing.
2017-10-04T14:41:53 <jhung> the-t-in-rtf haha I\'ll take a look at the comments now.
2017-10-04T14:45:03 <jhung> the-t-in-rtf: Read over the comments. Thanks a lot for making those improvements and the explanations. I\'ll pull down your latest changes and check it over now.
2017-10-04T14:46:43 <the-t-in-rtf> cool.  I could use an experienced eye reviewing some of the fixed links, to make sure I didn\'t substitute apples for oranges or anything.
2017-10-04T14:47:21 <the-t-in-rtf> Most were pretty obvious, with some of the "to-do" links it wasn\'t always clear to me if we intended to create a new piece of content at the link target.
2017-10-04T14:47:51 <the-t-in-rtf> My assumption was that they were old TODOs that were now TODONEs
2017-10-04T14:48:06 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-04T14:48:56 <javjarfer> hi stegru, I was about to open the issue about the "gpii.windows.closeProcessByName", just to ask if wasn\'t working for you also
2017-10-04T14:49:14 <stegru> oh yes, let me see
2017-10-04T14:52:24 <javjarfer> thanks
2017-10-04T14:54:56 * avtar has quit
2017-10-04T14:55:10 <stegru> javjarfer: well, when i logged in as elaine nothing happened (firefox didn\'t start)
2017-10-04T14:55:12 * michelled has quit
2017-10-04T14:55:20 <stegru> nothing happens when i logout, either
2017-10-04T14:55:26 * kavya joined the channel
2017-10-04T14:55:41 <javjarfer> mmm starting was working for me
2017-10-04T14:55:45 <stegru> but, i copied the "stop" block in the magnifier solution, logged in as elod.. and the close thing worked
2017-10-04T14:56:20 <javjarfer> okay, that was weird
2017-10-04T14:56:23 <javjarfer> looking at it
2017-10-04T14:58:10 <stegru> in the console log, "activeConfiguration" has no instructions inside it for elaine
2017-10-04T14:59:36 <simonjb> cindyli: where is the meeting at 11 happening?
2017-10-04T15:00:15 <javjarfer> stegru, for me it shows completely normal "activeConfiguration"
2017-10-04T15:00:19 <cindyli> gotomeeing, simonjb, should be in the invite
2017-10-04T15:00:19 <stegru> javjarfer: it\'s ok, the solution wasn\'t enabled for me - i now get the same results are you
2017-10-04T15:00:22 <cindyli> let me find the link
2017-10-04T15:00:44 <cindyli> simonjb: https://global.gotomeeting.com/join/619028605
2017-10-04T15:00:56 <simonjb> thanks cindyli, I didn\'t get an invite (I think)
2017-10-04T15:01:05 <javjarfer> stegru, okay, then... something weird is happening with closeProcessByName under some conditions
2017-10-04T15:01:16 <cindyli> ah ok
2017-10-04T15:01:37 <javjarfer> or maybe with lifecycle manager actions in general
2017-10-04T15:02:44 <cindyli> Bosmon: r u coming to the meeting
2017-10-04T15:02:52 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes
2017-10-04T15:03:49 <Bosmon> I just wanted to push something before I forgot what I was doing :)
2017-10-04T15:05:07 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:05:14 <stegru> god knows, javjarfer - but the close function works ok with another solution.. how about changing the "stop" block to do something else? like run notepad or something
2017-10-04T15:07:05 <javjarfer> stegru, yes, good place to start, do you want me to open an issue and assign both of us? and take a look to it?
2017-10-04T15:07:45 <stegru> oh! also try it with a "configure" and/or "restore" block
2017-10-04T15:07:49 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - I\'ve pushed an update to my https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/549 branch which now supports changing the context via the PCP
2017-10-04T15:08:29 <stegru> i remember having this same problem now..
2017-10-04T15:08:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - if you\'re interested the kind of disagreeable junk which is necessary to "bulk up" changes in the absence of transactions, you can see the junk here: https://github.com/amb26/universal/blob/13a8f45683f88c6cf5ae6ff68f3eee8dff5cbc05/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/PCPChannel.js#L75
2017-10-04T15:09:01 <Bosmon> And then a bit more here: https://github.com/amb26/universal/blob/13a8f45683f88c6cf5ae6ff68f3eee8dff5cbc05/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/PCPChannel.js#L144
2017-10-04T15:09:10 <stegru> javjarfer: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2106
2017-10-04T15:09:10 <Bosmon> I imagine we\'ll have to make a little utility for this very shortly
2017-10-04T15:10:06 <stegru> and jhernandez even says exactly what you found: "I could reproduce this problem with "elaine", firefox starts but it won\'t close when keying out. And yes, I found out that by adding the configure block made worked for me too."
2017-10-04T15:11:39 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-04T15:11:42 <javjarfer> stegru, oooookay, so deleting my recently created issue
2017-10-04T15:11:53 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:12:30 <javjarfer> so my pull-request is okay, I will mark the bug as blocking and continue with the day... Thanks for the catch
2017-10-04T15:13:04 <stegru> add a comment at the bottom saying it\'s still unfixed
2017-10-04T15:13:32 <stegru> nevermind, i reopened
2017-10-04T15:14:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:14:49 <dandimitrov> Bosmon - great, thank you
2017-10-04T15:15:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, looking over those from the pcpchannel.js now
2017-10-04T15:15:07 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:16:15 <Bosmon> Justin_o - this pattern of "autodestructing promise that just accepts a single listener" is clearly something paradigmatic :)
2017-10-04T15:19:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: does this just take the first change?
2017-10-04T15:20:02 <Justin_o> https://github.com/amb26/universal/blob/13a8f45683f88c6cf5ae6ff68f3eee8dff5cbc05/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/PCPChannel.js#L146-L151
2017-10-04T15:20:22 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no, it just ensures that we only fire one message on unblock
2017-10-04T15:20:33 <Bosmon> But the message when it fires always contains the value of the model which is current at that point
2017-10-04T15:23:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: for this line https://github.com/amb26/universal/blob/13a8f45683f88c6cf5ae6ff68f3eee8dff5cbc05/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/PCPChannel.js#L75
2017-10-04T15:24:08 <Justin_o> if gpii.pcpChannel.updateContext is called multiple times before the promise is resolved, i\'m assuming it just overwrites the previous promise?
2017-10-04T15:24:54 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well indeed, that is a bug
2017-10-04T15:25:08 <Bosmon> Showing just how race-prone this junk still is : P
2017-10-04T15:26:01 <javjarfer> stegru, okay, thanks you
2017-10-04T15:26:33 <stegru> de nada
2017-10-04T15:29:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m trying to think of how to implement something like this in my case, and actually i\'m not sure if it\'s something i need to implement in UIO+ or the prefs framework directly. This is basically all mediated by the store facility. https://github.com/jobara/gpii-chrome-extension/blob/GPII-2424/extension/src/lib/PrefsEditor.js#L18-L53
2017-10-04T15:30:12 <Justin_o> so i created a new store type using chrome message port
2017-10-04T15:30:27 <Justin_o> but i suppose this could have actually happened with other stores
2017-10-04T15:31:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, this should really be done at the model listener level
2017-10-04T15:32:27 * javjarfer_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:35:37 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-04T15:37:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:39:09 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:39:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:49:54 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:52:12 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-04T15:55:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay
2017-10-04T15:58:47 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-04T16:00:39 <the-t-in-rtf> @michelled, you\'re setting up the room, right?
2017-10-04T16:01:00 <the-t-in-rtf> Kasper is a friendly ghost this go around IIRC.
2017-10-04T16:01:03 <michelled> yep
2017-10-04T16:01:49 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T16:06:52 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-04T16:35:39 * michelled has quit
2017-10-04T16:36:14 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-04T16:42:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i guess i\'ll file a new JIRA to address this in the prefs framework, at least as a stop gap till the framework improvements are in place
2017-10-04T16:43:03 <Justin_o> does that make sense?
2017-10-04T16:43:52 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-04T16:44:40 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-04T16:48:27 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-10-04T16:53:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: this is the JIRA i filed https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6209
2017-10-04T16:55:35 * danayo has quit
2017-10-04T16:58:49 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-04T16:58:50 * kavya has quit
2017-10-04T17:02:25 * javjarfer_ has quit
2017-10-04T17:13:53 <colinclark> Justin_o: I\'ve spent some time updating some of the Fluid community licensing pages to be a little more modern and to reflect the current diversity of our projects and contributions: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Fluid+Licensing
2017-10-04T17:14:08 <colinclark> We had some funny issues there, like somehow our CLAs became unlinked from the page
2017-10-04T17:14:31 <colinclark> I also wanted to make it easier for people to be able to find and copy templates for license files and headers
2017-10-04T17:15:32 <colinclark> Jess_, I think you had copy-pasted some text related to the creative commons license last night, so I have tried to reflect that more clearly within the page as well
2017-10-04T17:15:56 <colinclark> this is still a work in progress, but is one step closer to the process of revisiting our CLAs, which I know is important to you, Justin_o
2017-10-04T17:16:01 <colinclark> so we\'re making progress
2017-10-04T17:29:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - thanks
2017-10-04T17:40:29 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-04T17:41:40 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-04T17:52:36 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o - so https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/844 has raised an interesting collection of issues
2017-10-04T17:52:36 * michelled joined the channel
'

b'2017-10-04T00:00:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-04T00:00:52 * colinclark has quit
2017-10-04T00:27:13 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-04T00:46:49 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-04T00:54:23 * grrrero has quit
2017-10-04T01:11:29 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-04T01:56:33 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-04T03:47:43 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-04T03:48:31 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-04T06:15:50 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-04T06:31:35 * amatas has quit
2017-10-04T06:36:13 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-04T07:08:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-04T07:11:53 <the-t-in-rtf> @gmoss, just looping back around on your question.
2017-10-04T07:12:16 <the-t-in-rtf> Handlebars interprets the variable content as text, there is a separate mechanism to reuse smaller pieces of content.
2017-10-04T07:12:30 <the-t-in-rtf> http://handlebarsjs.com/partials.html
2017-10-04T07:12:52 <the-t-in-rtf> You would need to create partials for the bits you intend to reuse, and then you can call them like {{>partial}}
2017-10-04T07:13:26 <the-t-in-rtf> by default they use the current context, but you can also pass them part of the context, as in {{>profile-widget user}}
2017-10-04T07:27:25 * georgitodorov_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T07:37:00 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-04T08:25:47 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-04T10:03:53 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-04T10:14:25 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T10:23:41 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-04T10:48:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-10-04T11:03:46 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-04T11:49:56 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-04T11:50:05 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:02:03 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:05:10 * kasparnet has quit
2017-10-04T12:06:43 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-10-04T12:07:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:12:28 * kasparnet has quit
2017-10-04T12:17:02 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:31:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:31:27 * Caren joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:36:52 * Caren has quit
2017-10-04T12:42:39 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:43:53 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:48:49 * jhung joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:51:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:53:49 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-04T12:56:34 * jhung is now known as jhung_meeting
2017-10-04T13:04:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-04T13:06:50 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-04T13:23:42 <cindyli> Bosmon: can you fill up this doodle when you have a chance - https://beta.doodle.com/poll/a6m3avfgqefu75rk#table thanks
2017-10-04T13:24:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-04T13:29:10 * georgitodorov_ has quit
2017-10-04T13:37:09 <colinclark> alanharnum: Oracle\'s response to the GSA modernization RFC is very interesting
2017-10-04T13:37:27 <colinclark> and I know you follow IT in goverment issues closely
2017-10-04T13:37:35 <colinclark> https://github.com/GSA/modernization/issues/41
2017-10-04T13:45:06 <alanharnum> colinclark: agreed, v. interesting response - and I agree with a number of the points made
2017-10-04T13:45:21 <colinclark> It\'s interesting to follow the money
2017-10-04T13:46:25 <colinclark> you can see, reading creatively where companies like Oracle see threats to their ability to continue to make significant profits from the Federal government
2017-10-04T13:47:00 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-04T13:47:20 <colinclark> And of course this response channels a lot of hostility towards 18F and their work, which is interesting in itself
2017-10-04T13:47:39 <alanharnum> colinclark: yup - also a lot of debatable content, especially all the claims about open source.
2017-10-04T13:47:44 <colinclark> The critiques of open source software and agile software processes are quite laughable, yes
2017-10-04T13:48:03 <colinclark> also the critique of aggregate purchasing is pretty interesting
2017-10-04T13:48:12 <alanharnum> I think their point about the inattention to process reform is 100% correct, though
2017-10-04T13:48:22 <colinclark> that\'s interesting
2017-10-04T13:48:50 <colinclark> I\'m fascinating by the emphasis on security here, too
2017-10-04T13:49:03 <colinclark> and on what seems to be a weighing of departmental power
2017-10-04T13:49:19 <colinclark> in which Oracle is in favour of DHS having a more significant role in monitoring and compliance of IT systems
2017-10-04T13:49:46 <colinclark> their observations about FedRAMP and FISMA are also quite notable
2017-10-04T13:50:01 <alanharnum> If the Administration is serious about closing the digital delta between government and
2017-10-04T13:50:01 <alanharnum> the private sector, it must do the hard work of process and procurement reform
2017-10-04T13:50:20 <alanharnum> 100% agree: "If the Administration is serious about closing the digital delta between government and the private sector, it must do the hard work of process and procurement reform"
2017-10-04T13:50:38 <colinclark> yes
2017-10-04T13:51:03 <colinclark> what\'s interesting, in this response, however, is how much "process reform" involves a particular vision of government
2017-10-04T13:51:14 <colinclark> which Oracle leads in with, and is thorughout this response
2017-10-04T13:51:21 <alanharnum> it\'s an interesting mix of accurate assessments of the limitations of purely technological messianism (agile with bad processes means you quickly build systems with bad processes, at best)
2017-10-04T13:51:21 <colinclark> and of course the current administration is responsive to
2017-10-04T13:51:35 <colinclark> that government must mirror the "best practices" of private industry
2017-10-04T13:51:59 <alanharnum> "best practices" is always a tell - honestly find me agreement in private industry about what "best practices" are.
2017-10-04T13:52:08 <colinclark> yes
2017-10-04T13:52:17 <colinclark> "Oracle sells best practices" is all over this response
2017-10-04T13:52:42 <colinclark> which is to say, "your unique processes must give way in order for us to better sell you our products"
2017-10-04T13:52:51 <colinclark> undoubtedly some aspect of this is indeed true
2017-10-04T13:52:56 <alanharnum> The other thing you can read between the lines about is they are absolutely petrified at Amazon\'s dominance of the public cloud market
2017-10-04T13:53:01 <colinclark> yes
2017-10-04T13:53:10 <colinclark> They trotted out the same argument we heard in a different context
2017-10-04T13:53:18 <colinclark> about "hybrid clouds"
2017-10-04T13:54:06 <colinclark> the "you need bare metal" argument
2017-10-04T13:54:24 <colinclark> which actually is fascinatingly circular
2017-10-04T13:54:40 <colinclark> in that it is a reflection of precisely the sorts of IT policies that are in need of updating and reform
2017-10-04T13:55:01 <alanharnum> the strategic goal of this is (basically) I think to delay or mitigate public cloud adoption, a lot of which is driven by open source, etc
2017-10-04T13:55:09 <colinclark> yes
2017-10-04T13:55:18 <colinclark> I guess their first concern is the work 18F did
2017-10-04T13:55:27 <colinclark> with the reference cloud platform
2017-10-04T13:55:29 <alanharnum> that said i suspect they may be successful, given the association of the 18F / government as platform model with the Obama administration
2017-10-04T13:55:31 <colinclark> based on Kubernetes, no less
2017-10-04T13:55:55 <colinclark> yes
2017-10-04T13:56:58 <simonjb> colinclark, alanharnum: reading through the letter also, very interesting
2017-10-04T13:57:10 <colinclark> great, simonjb
2017-10-04T13:57:31 <alanharnum> a lot is also basically a very old argument that building and operating technology isn\'t a "core" function of government, so should be outsourced to experts from the private sector, etc
2017-10-04T13:57:56 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-04T13:58:19 <colinclark> yes
2017-10-04T13:58:21 <alanharnum> the same argument was made in the 80s/90s/00s to many large private sector companies, many of which have returned to in-house after decades of problems
2017-10-04T13:58:45 <alanharnum> Tom Limoncelli writes about this a lot: https://everythingsysadmin.com/2015/10/outsourcing-was-such-a-mistake.html
2017-10-04T13:59:22 <alanharnum> "The reason outsourcing had been such a disaster was not the skill of the outsourcing companies or the people. It was the fact that if you don\'t own your process, you can\'t control the quality. Quality comes from taking responsibility and ownership to make sure it happens. Without quality, you lose customers and go out of business."
2017-10-04T13:59:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-04T14:00:19 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-04T14:01:25 <simonjb> "but the fact is that the use of open source software has been declining rapidly in the private sector" I would be interested in seeing stats to back up that assertion, and it\'s so broad "the private sector"
2017-10-04T14:01:49 <colinclark> indeed
2017-10-04T14:02:42 <alanharnum> I suspect it may be a slight-of-hand around how many companies are moving from running open source software in-house to using SaaS services built on open source software
2017-10-04T14:03:09 <simonjb> perhaps, yes
2017-10-04T14:03:12 <alanharnum> EG, you move from in-house SVN server to GitHub
2017-10-04T14:03:50 <alanharnum> or from open-source application servers to public cloud
2017-10-04T14:14:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello, i have a change applier question
2017-10-04T14:14:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  in the prefs framework we have do this https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/preferences/js/PrefsEditor.js#L366-L367
2017-10-04T14:15:29 <Justin_o> I believe we do this because the updated set of preferences may be less that was was there and we need a way to remove stale values.
2017-10-04T14:16:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what a very timely observation
2017-10-04T14:16:18 <Bosmon> I filed this only an hour ago: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6208
2017-10-04T14:16:30 <Justin_o> If i understand things correctly, the calls to fireChangeRequest and change both trigger model changes that will be listened to, and will cause to model change events? Is that correct?
2017-10-04T14:17:06 <colinclark> alanharnum: There\'s something quite profound lurking behind this ludicrous buzzwordism...
2017-10-04T14:17:16 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-04T14:17:19 <colinclark> "The pilot program described in Appendix D does not account for technically complex, highly-differentiated products. Complex IT products cannot be sold off a dashboard. The commercial sector leverages holistic packages of software-as-a-service offerings for various products that knit together the functions that are able to provide synergy."
2017-10-04T14:17:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, that\'s correct
2017-10-04T14:17:49 <colinclark> and it\'s something that will, I imagine, resonate with simonjb and Bosmon in regards to a previous experience we had "holistic packages" being pitched to us
2017-10-04T14:17:51 <Bosmon> And for the rest of the story, we\'ll need to consult the JIRA which I am just filing now : P
2017-10-04T14:18:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah okay...
2017-10-04T14:18:17 <alanharnum> colinclark: trying to parse what leveraging holistic packages would amount to, and failing
2017-10-04T14:18:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m trying to track down this issue https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2559
2017-10-04T14:18:22 <Justin_o> in UIO+
2017-10-04T14:18:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - but yes, do carry on with your thought
2017-10-04T14:18:29 <colinclark> Fascinatingly, it appears to be completely contrary to the previous assertion that "government must organize its agency purchasing pools by function"
2017-10-04T14:19:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how far have you got with reproducing it?
2017-10-04T14:19:12 <colinclark> massive, all-in-one technical packages, alanharnum
2017-10-04T14:19:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i managed to reproduce it on a Surface Pro 3
2017-10-04T14:19:37 <colinclark> for example, the coupling of hosting platform itself with software tools
2017-10-04T14:19:53 <colinclark> security monitoring bundled with app development and integration tools
2017-10-04T14:19:54 <colinclark> and so on
2017-10-04T14:20:08 <Justin_o> although I\'m not entirely sure of the problem, I\'m thinking it\'s probably a combination of system resources and model changes. but i haven\'t come to any definitive conclusions yet
2017-10-04T14:20:11 <alanharnum> ah, yes - stack consistency and integration
2017-10-04T14:20:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2017-10-04T14:20:28 <alanharnum> just as long as it\'s not on the scary public cloud, mostly owned by Amazon / MS / Google / not Oracle :)
2017-10-04T14:20:35 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-10-04T14:20:49 <colinclark> I guess that\'s the key differentiator, though
2017-10-04T14:20:52 <simonjb> buy this thing that we have built and change your processes to match how our system works, just like the private sector does
2017-10-04T14:21:02 <colinclark> Oracle can sell you SAP and the cloud hosting together
2017-10-04T14:21:06 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, it is quite possible that fast sets of changes could result in model races - although it\'s worth remembering that the current ChangeApplier implementation is completely synchronous
2017-10-04T14:21:13 <colinclark> sorry, PeopleSoft
2017-10-04T14:21:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in uio+ we relay the model to/from the panel and into the content scripts via the extensions message facility
2017-10-04T14:21:36 <colinclark> simonjb: yes, you nailed it :)
2017-10-04T14:21:40 <Bosmon> Justin_o - a good practice at the site that you\'ve highlighted would be to wrap these two operations in a transaction
2017-10-04T14:21:56 <Bosmon> This would make it certain that noone on the outside could observe the DELETE separately from the ADD
2017-10-04T14:22:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i was wondering if that was possible to make them appear as one
2017-10-04T14:22:13 <Bosmon> But I was just talking to colinclark exactly about this issue, which has come up in my PCP work as well
2017-10-04T14:22:39 <Bosmon> The Astea team said it would be helpful for them if the PCP just received a single change message when their editor changes between preference sets
'

