b'2017-02-22T15:52:38 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  so assuming we went with something like that, we\'d need to look into how to write into the package.json file.. i\'d imagine there\'s some sort of api for this, or we\'d just need to read/write the file with node... then we\'d also need no know what to put there.. that is which repo to use.. as some cases we\'d want it to be the projects repo and
2017-02-22T15:52:38 <Justin_o> others something else.. maybe a flag or something that says which remote to reference?
2017-02-22T15:53:39 <the-t-in-rtf> fluid-publish already updates the package.json: https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/blob/master/publish.js#L194
2017-02-22T15:53:49 <the-t-in-rtf> so it\'s not much of a stretch to set another field.
2017-02-22T15:55:02 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: that\'s a bit different as it uses an npm command for it https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/blob/master/package.json#L50
2017-02-22T15:55:27 <Justin_o> i guess another option would be to add more details to the pre-release version
2017-02-22T15:55:53 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, I\'d only expect to need this for a prerelease version
2017-02-22T15:56:01 <Justin_o> so in the cases where it isn\'t from master in the project repo it could be like verion-preRelease.timestamp.commitHash.githubUserName.branch
2017-02-22T15:56:04 <Justin_o> or something like that
2017-02-22T15:56:06 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, a real release has a tag and a description and everything.
2017-02-22T15:56:17 <the-t-in-rtf> well, we can structure the data\xe2\x80\xa6 ;)
2017-02-22T15:56:28 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-22T15:56:38 <the-t-in-rtf> I understand why the version includes this, but there\'s nothing to stop us from using structure in a separate field.
2017-02-22T15:58:01 <Bosmon> Well sure
2017-02-22T15:58:05 <Bosmon> But this is not a real release :)
2017-02-22T15:59:07 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, I was arguing that we only need the extra metadata for dev releases.
2017-02-22T15:59:28 <the-t-in-rtf> I see the "remote" value used in fluid-publish, event adding that would be enough.
2017-02-22T15:59:37 <Bosmon> Ok
2017-02-22T16:00:16 <Bosmon> It\'s an interesting use case, but I\'m concerned to devote very much engineering effort to something that was only ever a stopgap workflow
2017-02-22T16:00:30 <Bosmon> dev releases were only intended as "throwaway releases amongst friends"
2017-02-22T16:00:41 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, that\'s why I wanted @cindyli to explain the origin of the question.
2017-02-22T16:00:43 <Bosmon> If we can do something cheap that helps, then sure
2017-02-22T16:01:01 <Bosmon> But I\'d prefer to see us devote any major thinking and effort to moving all of our projects over to using full releases wherever possible
2017-02-22T16:01:32 <the-t-in-rtf> No argument there, I\'d also like to see us using dev releases much less often.
2017-02-22T16:01:40 <the-t-in-rtf> I just know we need them at the moment.
2017-02-22T16:01:43 <Bosmon> Sadly, for the main GPII, even moving towards dev releases would be an achievement
2017-02-22T16:02:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-22T16:03:56 <cindyli> ah, the use case. the reason i wanna know about which commit the release was made from was \'cuz i found if there are different infusion versions used by various node modules, gpii web tests sometimes fail with some strange errors. so need to make sure which infusion version is used by that gpii-pouchdb release
2017-02-22T16:04:14 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf, Justin_o, Bosmon ^
2017-02-22T16:04:55 <Bosmon> Well, it\'s certainly useful
2017-02-22T16:05:03 <Bosmon> But we\'d hope that dev releases had extremely limited circulation
2017-02-22T16:05:07 <cindyli> also found if that commit is still in one of the-t-in-rtf\'s pull request, accessing that commit from the master branch also brings up the info
2017-02-22T16:05:11 <cindyli> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-pouchdb/blob/83f5aca07b2835c216da766caee5bde568db1411/package.json
2017-02-22T16:05:19 * kavya joined the channel
2017-02-22T16:05:27 <Bosmon> Although for Infusion naturally we depend on them a lot
2017-02-22T16:05:45 <Bosmon> Since until we have the MONOREPO REVOLUTION Infusion is essentially unreleasable
2017-02-22T16:25:04 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-22T16:29:10 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-22T16:40:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-22T16:45:49 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-22T16:49:53 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-22T16:57:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-22T17:05:49 * kavya has quit
2017-02-22T17:12:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-22T17:24:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-22T17:26:32 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-22T17:31:28 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-22T18:14:39 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-22T18:18:05 * kavya joined the channel
2017-02-22T18:31:05 <Bosmon> jhernandez, stegru, etc
2017-02-22T18:31:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-22T18:31:47 <Bosmon> So it looks like I have indeed done something to my system which means that even current Windows master can correctly restore "non-standard" resolutions
2017-02-22T18:31:57 <Bosmon> I think I will try to destroy and recreate my vagrant box and see what happens
2017-02-22T18:36:53 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-22T18:38:40 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-02-22T18:42:13 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-22T18:47:01 <stegru> ok
2017-02-22T18:47:40 <stegru> so could mine, Bosmon - the unit tests have always worked for me. it was the CI that broke (on its own)
2017-02-22T18:48:43 <stegru> and by an annoying coincidence, it started to break when I happened to have changed the displaySettings file
2017-02-22T18:51:01 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-22T18:53:19 <stegru> I wonder if it\'s always not worked on the CI server, but virtual box was running in fullscreen (or a standard resolution).. until recently perhaps someone has been on it and changed it to maximised-windowed mode
2017-02-22T19:08:37 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-22T19:09:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-22T19:10:24 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-22T19:10:37 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-22T19:16:19 <jhung> simonjb - do we have a description the P4A Science Lab Demo posted anywhere?
2017-02-22T19:17:57 <simonjb> jhung: I think the closest we have are my notes on this jira issue: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2182
2017-02-22T19:18:53 <simonjb> jhung: I\'m actually planning on writing something up this afternoon for colin
2017-02-22T19:19:01 <simonjb> jhung: what do you need?
2017-02-22T19:21:15 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-22T19:21:33 <jhung> simonjb: I was replying to Emily @ PhET and I wanted to point her to something that described what you were working on. She\'s going to be speaking with some physicists tomorrow and was hoping to show some of the work we\'ve done at the Hackathon, and then I thought showing what was planned for the Science Lab demo would be a nice extension of that.
2017-02-22T19:22:12 <jhung> *Hackathon = Nexus - Phet hack session we had with Jesse back in July.
2017-02-22T19:22:19 <aashay> Justin_o: PR on FLUID-4713 is ready for more reviewing (https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/812)  please look into it. thanks
2017-02-22T19:23:09 <jhung> simonjb: so basically a description of the demo phrased in a way that non technical people can understand it. :)
2017-02-22T19:28:45 <simonjb> jhung: I will send you what I write up for colin this afternoon and maybe it will be suitable
2017-02-22T19:29:04 <jhung> sounds good simonjb. thanks!
2017-02-22T19:52:33 <cindyli> gtirloni: the build on my pull request fails at docker-push step. i wonder if you made change to one of the VM dependencies?
2017-02-22T19:53:27 <gtirloni> cindyli: don\'t worry, it\'s a change we\'re testing to jenkins.. but it looks good, the docker container got built fine (but it was missing the credentials to push to docker hub)
2017-02-22T19:53:30 <gtirloni> cindyli: sorry about that
2017-02-22T19:53:44 <cindyli> cool. great to know. thanks, gtirloni
2017-02-22T19:55:05 <cindyli> gtirloni: r u going to fix that and rebuild my pull request?
2017-02-22T19:55:13 <gtirloni> cindyli: yep
2017-02-22T19:55:26 <cindyli> awesome. thanks, gtirloni
2017-02-22T20:02:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-22T20:05:51 * Jess___ joined the channel
2017-02-22T20:06:41 * Jess___ is now known as Jess_
2017-02-22T20:10:46 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-22T20:25:13 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-22T20:30:06 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-22T20:30:19 <Caren> hi danayo, Jess_ I have a VERY rough design with content suggestions for social justice landing page. Can we review content before we put any stakes in the ground re: building?
2017-02-22T20:31:48 <danayo> great Caren! yes - can we talk in 10 min?
2017-02-22T20:32:19 <Caren> for sure. I will open my room, danayo
2017-02-22T20:36:16 <Justin_o> simonjb: i\'m trying to run the nexus in a vagrant VM following https://github.com/gpii/nexus#running-the-tests-in-a-vm
2017-02-22T20:36:22 <Justin_o> but it seems that node isn\'t installed in the vm
2017-02-22T20:36:47 <Justin_o> when i run the tests, i get "bash: node: command not found"
2017-02-22T20:37:26 <simonjb> sorry Justin_o, there is a long outstanding pull request with a fix -- you\'ll need to use the branch with the fix
2017-02-22T20:37:34 <simonjb> let me get you the link
2017-02-22T20:37:40 <Justin_o> simonjb: ah okay, thanks
2017-02-22T20:38:29 <simonjb> Justin_o: https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/tree/GPII-2167
2017-02-22T20:44:39 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks, that worked
2017-02-22T20:45:27 <simonjb> Justin_o: good to hear
2017-02-22T21:24:49 * kavya has quit
2017-02-22T21:29:06 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-22T22:10:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-22T22:11:30 <Bosmon> ok jhernandez - at length I have rebuilt my windows vagrant box and I can reproduce the problem again :)
2017-02-22T22:12:33 <Bosmon> And I can verify that your pull request works nicely
2017-02-22T22:36:48 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-22T22:51:22 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-22T22:54:27 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-22T23:41:00 * stegru has quit
'

b'2017-02-22T00:17:57 * javjarfer has quit
2017-02-22T00:25:16 * stegru has quit
2017-02-22T01:36:02 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-22T01:36:52 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-02-22T03:11:39 * kavya has quit
2017-02-22T06:04:56 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-22T06:23:11 * noveens joined the channel
2017-02-22T07:52:15 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-22T08:04:46 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-22T08:14:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-22T08:46:34 * aashay joined the channel
2017-02-22T08:49:53 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-22T08:55:43 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-22T09:04:30 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-02-22T09:25:40 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-22T09:35:20 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-22T09:50:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-22T10:38:45 * stegru has quit
2017-02-22T11:02:01 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-22T11:16:09 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-22T11:24:41 * aashay joined the channel
2017-02-22T11:26:15 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-22T11:54:31 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-22T12:08:00 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-22T12:24:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-22T13:21:23 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-02-22T13:25:25 * sgithens has quit
2017-02-22T13:35:39 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-22T13:42:56 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-22T14:10:05 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-22T14:11:19 * kavya joined the channel
2017-02-22T14:16:04 * kavya has quit
2017-02-22T14:16:36 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-02-22T14:20:50 <Justin_o> michelled, jhung: i\'m planning on cancelling today\'s community meeting. I moved this weeks topic to the end of March. Is there something else you\'d like to do in that time instead?
2017-02-22T14:20:58 <Justin_o> or another topic to cover?
2017-02-22T14:21:10 <michelled> what was today\'s topic?
2017-02-22T14:21:19 <Justin_o> Task Analysis
2017-02-22T14:21:53 <michelled> what does that mean?
2017-02-22T14:22:03 <michelled> (I\'m just curious - it\'s fine to move it :)
2017-02-22T14:22:03 <Justin_o> "Task analysis is breaking a task down into all of the steps (physical and cognitive)"
2017-02-22T14:22:20 <Justin_o> here\'s an image example
2017-02-22T14:22:20 <Justin_o> https://images.google.ca/imgres?imgurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tacanow.org%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2015%2F01%2FTask-Analysis.jpg&imgrefurl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.tacanow.org%2Ffamily-resources%2Fdeveloping-lifeskills-how-to-teach-a-skill%2F&docid=GyjsUE7DJGac3M&tbnid=0tXTAhN1S4JYIM%3A&vet=1&w=590&h=572&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim#h=572&imgrc=0tXTAhN1S4JYIM:&vet=1&w=590
2017-02-22T14:23:00 <michelled> ah
2017-02-22T14:23:50 <michelled> Justin_o: I\'m fine with cancelling the meeting today. Is Maria coming in?
2017-02-22T14:24:08 <jhung> Justin_o: I don\'t have anything to propose for today\'s community meeting.
2017-02-22T14:24:11 <Justin_o> I\'m going to e-mail her to let her know
2017-02-22T14:24:27 <Justin_o> michelled, jhung: okay, we\'ll just consider it cancelled then
2017-02-22T14:24:35 <michelled> sounds good
2017-02-22T14:24:38 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: the community meeting for today is cancelled
2017-02-22T14:25:29 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-22T14:38:00 <michelled> jhung: the integration of PhET with Nexus happened last July, right
2017-02-22T14:40:49 * aashay joined the channel
2017-02-22T14:41:57 <jhung> michelled: yep.
2017-02-22T14:42:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-22T14:42:27 <michelled> thx
2017-02-22T14:44:16 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: i\'m using the latest change on ur gpii-pouchdb GPII-2179 - https://github.com/the-t-in-rtf/gpii-pouchdb/tree/GPII-2179 in one of my universal pull requests to include the improvement on cleanup cycle. is that correct?
2017-02-22T14:45:17 <cindyli> tested and seems this branch works well with removing all created pouch related folder in the temp dir
2017-02-22T14:46:34 <the-t-in-rtf> The latest commit should be fine.  @Bosmon and I are still discussing the testem cleanup, hopefully there will be a release relatively soon. I can create a dev release in the mean time.
2017-02-22T14:46:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: this PR is ready for more review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/807
2017-02-22T14:46:49 <the-t-in-rtf> In fact I may have already done so, let me check.
2017-02-22T14:47:15 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, there wasn\'t one.
2017-02-22T14:47:17 <Justin_o> jhung: could you take another pass at reviewing this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/811
2017-02-22T14:47:20 <the-t-in-rtf> @cindyli, use 1.0.1-dev.20170208T180039Z.83f5aca for now.
2017-02-22T14:47:41 <the-t-in-rtf> gpii-pouchbd@1.0.1-dev.20170208T180039Z.83f5aca
2017-02-22T14:48:00 <the-t-in-rtf> sorry, ignore the syntax, I just meant the package name will work with npm
2017-02-22T14:48:11 <cindyli> cool. trying\xe2\x80\xa6 thanks, the-t-in-rtf
2017-02-22T14:51:49 <jhung> Justin_o: sure.
2017-02-22T14:54:33 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-02-22T14:58:30 * Caren joined the channel
2017-02-22T14:58:32 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-22T15:03:59 <gtirloni> the-t-in-rtf cindyli: hey! we\'re discussing couchdb replication here and we were wondering, since couchdb 2.0 adds a lot of improvements to replication, if the GPII can use v2.0? if not, is that a lot of work on our end? any ideas?
2017-02-22T15:05:50 <the-t-in-rtf> The only reason I\'m not already using it is that it\'s not available via homebrew.
2017-02-22T15:05:59 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-22T15:06:02 <the-t-in-rtf> but I haven\'t tried the replication.
2017-02-22T15:06:08 <the-t-in-rtf> I want it for the structured query language.
2017-02-22T15:06:33 <the-t-in-rtf> which promises to replace or minimize the views we use at the moment.
2017-02-22T15:06:54 <cindyli> gtirloni: as i know, there are 2 places in GPII use couchdb: 1. the production VM; 2. data loaders in my pull request that is under review. I can test them to make sure they continue working well with couchdb 2.0.
2017-02-22T15:07:41 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-22T15:08:00 <gtirloni> awesome, thanks for the info. it looks like going with couchdb 2.0 is looking promising
2017-02-22T15:08:07 <gtirloni> that\'ll help focus our efforts
2017-02-22T15:09:26 * noveens joined the channel
2017-02-22T15:11:04 <the-t-in-rtf> speaking of which, time to run "brew update" again like an addicted little monkey
2017-02-22T15:11:09 <cindyli> gtirloni: from the requirements.yml for setting up GPII production VM - https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/GPII-1987/vagrant-configs/provisioning/requirements.yml#L4, can u point me where in https://github.com/idi-ops/ansible-couchdb specifies the version of couchdb being installed
2017-02-22T15:12:24 <gtirloni> cindyli: yep, looks like going to v2 won\'t be much trouble on our end (to keep the single-instance scenarios working)
2017-02-22T15:12:37 <gtirloni> anything to worry from this? https://blog.couchdb.org/2016/08/17/migrating-to-couchdb-2-0/  -- e.g. API changes that might break GPII
2017-02-22T15:12:52 <gtirloni> i guess we still have to test and see how it goes, but we wanted to double check with you all :)
2017-02-22T15:18:46 <cindyli> gtirloni: seems GPII won\'t be affected from what i read. GPII doesn\'t use those changed APIs mentioned on that page
2017-02-22T15:18:58 <gtirloni> awesome
2017-02-22T15:19:02 <gtirloni> thank you!
2017-02-22T15:19:19 <cindyli> np. as u said, better to test to make sure, gtirloni
2017-02-22T15:20:09 <cindyli> gtirloni: let me know if you need my help with the testing
2017-02-22T15:20:29 <gtirloni> cool, we\'ll definitely reach out to you and tony to get some help with that :)
2017-02-22T15:20:40 <cindyli> great. thanks, gtirloni
2017-02-22T15:22:04 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-22T15:22:40 <jhung> Justin_o: I left 2 comments on the pull req. Can we pair on IE testing of that Pull Req? I don\'t have the VMs.
2017-02-22T15:23:04 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: how do i find out which github commit that gpii-pouchbd@1.0.1-dev.20170208T180039Z.83f5aca was rolled from?
2017-02-22T15:26:25 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-22T15:28:40 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: pls ignore my question. i\'ve got the answer from Justin_o. thanks, Justin_o
2017-02-22T15:28:54 <the-t-in-rtf> Sorry, meeting.
2017-02-22T15:29:05 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, can I ask, why did you want to get back from the version to the tag?
2017-02-22T15:29:23 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s the newest commit in the branch we were talking about earlier.
2017-02-22T15:30:54 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, @cindy, please bring it up in the architecture meeting.
2017-02-22T15:31:15 <the-t-in-rtf> Hopefully we can think of a way that fluid-publish can help with this, for example, by adding a bit of metadata to the resulting package.json.
2017-02-22T15:31:36 <the-t-in-rtf> by "resulting" I mean the one that gets published as a particular verison.
2017-02-22T15:31:55 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - well, we do
2017-02-22T15:32:03 <Bosmon> The github commit hash is embedded in the version
2017-02-22T15:32:07 <Bosmon> As you can see at the end of it
2017-02-22T15:32:21 <Bosmon> The section 83f5aca is the git "commit short hash"
2017-02-22T15:32:26 <Bosmon> From which the project was built
2017-02-22T15:32:34 <Bosmon> YOUR CRISIS HAS BEEN ANTICIPATED
2017-02-22T15:34:10 <the-t-in-rtf> Awesome, thanks.
2017-02-22T15:34:30 <the-t-in-rtf> But how does the person know which fork the commit relates to?
2017-02-22T15:34:31 <the-t-in-rtf> ;)
2017-02-22T15:34:58 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, that commit hash doesn\'t exist in the main repo, right?
2017-02-22T15:38:07 <the-t-in-rtf> I guess in this case there are only three possibilities, since only you and I can publish, but still, it could be published from GPII, amb26, or the-t-in-rtf
2017-02-22T15:39:17 <the-t-in-rtf> I was wondering if fluid-publish could twiddle the repository block somehow....
2017-02-22T15:39:29 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon ^^^^
2017-02-22T15:40:04 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i\'d recommend publishing from a single repo, but i guess there are cases where it might be necessary to publish from others, but it doesn\'t make it more confusing.
2017-02-22T15:40:38 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: also infusion\'s build system provides the branch that the concatenated file was generated from, but that still wouldn\'t tell you the repo
2017-02-22T15:40:39 <Justin_o> i guess
2017-02-22T15:40:51 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m talking about dev releases, @Justin_o
2017-02-22T15:41:04 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. unmerged changes
2017-02-22T15:41:10 <the-t-in-rtf> from a fork
2017-02-22T15:41:33 <the-t-in-rtf> we have frequently used that with code that\'s under review.
2017-02-22T15:41:37 <the-t-in-rtf> even for infusion.
2017-02-22T15:41:54 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: yes, i guess i mean the same.. and i don\'t like that for infusion either ;)
2017-02-22T15:42:02 <Justin_o> or rather specifically
2017-02-22T15:42:15 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m not sure we merge PRs quickly enough to make that even remotely feasible.
2017-02-22T15:42:17 <Justin_o> i\'d probably rather it at least came from a branch within the project itself
2017-02-22T15:42:53 <the-t-in-rtf> that\'s completely different than the way we tend to work, but interesting, you should bring it up on the arch list.
2017-02-22T15:42:59 <Justin_o> but anyways, that\'s probably a bit tangential.. specifying the repo could be hard, or not sure what you mean by twiddle
2017-02-22T15:43:41 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, replace the "live" repo URL with the effective "origin"
2017-02-22T15:43:48 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: personally i\'d be more concerned with infusion.. i have less skin in the game for gpii.. so not sure it\'s my place to bring that up...
2017-02-22T15:44:07 <the-t-in-rtf> it\'s everyone\'s place to talk through these things, since we use many of the same practices for both.
2017-02-22T15:44:15 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: that\'s a good point
2017-02-22T15:44:49 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: so regarding the "live" repo.. you mean what\'s in package.json
2017-02-22T15:45:20 <the-t-in-rtf> yes.
2017-02-22T15:45:38 <the-t-in-rtf> Although, adding a little bit of metadata to the package.json would also be fine.
2017-02-22T15:46:08 <the-t-in-rtf> "fluid-publish-metadata": "commit #312429, repo: http://\xe2\x80\xa6."
2017-02-22T15:46:33 <the-t-in-rtf> or structured fields would be even better.
2017-02-22T15:47:26 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i\'m wondering if that would solve the problem.. or perhaps i\'m not completely sure of the use case..  because if someone were to just list the versions with "npm view infusion versions" they\'d still not be able to determine which repo and branch it was made from
2017-02-22T15:47:41 <the-t-in-rtf> Ask @cindyli.
2017-02-22T15:47:48 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2017-02-22T15:48:42 <cindyli> sorry, i don\'t know, man :\'(
2017-02-22T15:48:50 <cindyli> ask @Bosmon
2017-02-22T15:48:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-22T15:49:14 <the-t-in-rtf> so, "npm view gpii-pouchdb@1.0.1-dev.20170208T180039Z.83f5aca" shows the full metadata
2017-02-22T15:49:32 <the-t-in-rtf> if we agreed on fluid-publish-metadata, we could use "npm view gpii-pouchdb@1.0.1-dev.20170208T180039Z.83f5aca fluid-publish-metadata", etc.
2017-02-22T15:49:44 <Justin_o> cindyli: lol as long as Bosmon doesn\'t point back at the-t-in-rtf or myself
2017-02-22T15:49:57 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, good topic for tonight!
'

