b"2017-08-01T16:53:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: anywhere, probably just with me unless others would like to join
2017-08-01T16:54:08 <Justin_o> i guess my vidyo room in case anyone is interested
2017-08-01T16:54:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2017-08-01T16:55:44 <colinclark> I'd love to join, Justin_o, but I have another meeting shortly
2017-08-01T16:55:48 <colinclark> but let me know how it goes
2017-08-01T16:55:52 <colinclark> I bet it will be interesting
2017-08-01T16:56:18 <Justin_o> colinclark: okay
2017-08-01T16:56:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: anytime you're ready i should be free
2017-08-01T16:57:22 <Bosmon> Ok
2017-08-01T16:57:26 <Bosmon> Just give me 5 mins
2017-08-01T16:58:28 <Justin_o> okay
2017-08-01T17:03:43 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-08-01T17:05:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok
2017-08-01T17:06:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i'm in my vidyo room
2017-08-01T17:07:54 * kavya has quit
2017-08-01T17:15:09 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-01T17:26:19 <Bosmon> Justin_o - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SpeechSynthesisUtterance/onboundary
2017-08-01T17:30:25 <Bosmon> Justin_o - https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/API/Range
2017-08-01T17:30:59 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-01T17:31:45 * javjarfer has quit
2017-08-01T17:46:02 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-01T17:49:07 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-08-01T17:56:19 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-08-01T17:56:19 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-08-01T18:02:24 <Justin_o> colinclark and anyone else interested : we're writing up notes in a pad. https://pad.gpii.net/p/self-voicing-pad-5t174nou
2017-08-01T18:05:15 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-08-01T18:07:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T18:10:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T18:22:27 * stegru has quit
2017-08-01T18:24:32 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-08-01T18:26:09 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-08-01T18:27:39 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-08-01T18:37:31 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-08-01T18:43:24 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-08-01T18:43:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T18:54:51 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-08-01T19:01:16 * stegru joined the channel
2017-08-01T19:06:34 * stegru has quit
2017-08-01T19:23:53 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-08-01T19:52:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T20:23:32 * javjarfer has quit
2017-08-01T20:35:39 * jhung has quit
2017-08-01T21:23:22 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-08-01T21:37:51 * pratik_r1 has left the channel
2017-08-01T21:55:52 * amatas has quit
2017-08-01T22:36:25 * avtar has quit
2017-08-01T23:10:43 * stegru joined the channel
2017-08-01T23:26:44 * stegru has quit
"

b'2017-08-01T12:31:09 <jhernandez> now leaving for a walk with the dogs - will test it when I\'m back
2017-08-01T12:31:30 <stegru> ok
2017-08-01T12:32:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-08-01T12:35:27 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-08-01T12:39:35 <cindyli> Bosmon, simonjb, just in case you didn\'t see the jira notification, i\'ve updated my pull request to use new document structures we talked earlier and it\'s ready for more reviews - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/519
2017-08-01T12:39:52 <Bosmon> Thanks, cindyli - will take a look
2017-08-01T12:39:55 <simonjb> thanks cindyli
2017-08-01T12:40:01 <cindyli> thanks guys
2017-08-01T12:41:58 <the-t-in-rtf1> @jhernandez, the GitHub pages link finally cleared up: http://the-t-in-rtf.github.io/coverage-reports/linux/20170801-1325/sync/gpii/node_modules/xrandr/xrandr_bridge.js.html
2017-08-01T12:42:23 <the-t-in-rtf1> Basically we have a couple of untested failure cases (those are common and generally OK), plus it seems like setResolution isn\'t being tested.
2017-08-01T12:42:30 <the-t-in-rtf1> hoping you could comment on that last bit.
2017-08-01T13:03:51 * jhung joined the channel
2017-08-01T13:15:21 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-01T13:15:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon, jhernandez: do you know if kaspar will be online today?
2017-08-01T13:20:36 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-08-01T13:26:15 * javjarfer has quit
2017-08-01T13:31:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T13:46:16 <simonjb> hi Bosmon, wondering if you might be available for some advice on infusion component design and ioc testing framework interaction?
2017-08-01T13:46:22 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-01T13:46:27 <Bosmon> simonjb - sure
2017-08-01T13:46:33 <simonjb> awesome
2017-08-01T13:47:53 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ve got a grade gpii.nexusWebSocketBoundComponent https://github.com/simonbates/nexus-client/blob/GPII-2468/src/NexusWebSocketBoundComponent.js
2017-08-01T13:48:16 <simonjb> that can act as a client to a peer in the Nexus
2017-08-01T13:48:54 <simonjb> and it can do some stuff at construction: create the peer in the Nexus and make a Websocket connection
2017-08-01T13:49:20 <simonjb> I\'m writing an IoC test for it
2017-08-01T13:49:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-01T13:49:47 <simonjb> https://github.com/simonbates/nexus-client/blob/GPII-2468/tests/WebSocketBoundComponentTests.js
2017-08-01T13:50:15 <simonjb> and I haven\'t been able to get the flow the way that I want
2017-08-01T13:50:49 <simonjb> I\'d like to verify some Nexus state before initiating the client behaviour of constructing its peer
2017-08-01T13:52:07 <simonjb> I haven\'t been able specify when the gpii.nexusWebSocketBoundComponent instance is constructed
2017-08-01T13:52:36 <simonjb> I tried to use createOnEvent but get an error because my sequence references the component
2017-08-01T13:53:31 <simonjb> I\'m wondering if there\'s a way to make my current gpii.nexusWebSocketBoundComponent implementation work in the IoC testing framework
2017-08-01T13:53:59 <simonjb> or if it would be better to redesign gpii.nexusWebSocketBoundComponent so that it does not do so much as construction
2017-08-01T13:54:40 <simonjb> but instead the peer construction and websockets connection must be triggered explicitly after construction by the user of the component
2017-08-01T13:55:59 <simonjb> line above should have read "so that it does not do so much at construction"
2017-08-01T13:56:10 <Bosmon> simonjb - I guess I\'m not quite clear about the structure of the problem yet
2017-08-01T13:56:21 <Bosmon> Is there a particular step in the sequence you\'re trying to do something?
2017-08-01T13:56:23 <simonjb> yeah, that\'s fair :)
2017-08-01T13:56:30 <Bosmon> Where you have the "TODO"?
2017-08-01T13:56:41 <Bosmon> On line 84, e.g.
2017-08-01T13:56:52 <simonjb> yes
2017-08-01T13:57:06 <Bosmon> What would you like to assert or achieve there
2017-08-01T13:57:08 <simonjb> let me make a gist with my createOnEvent attempt
2017-08-01T13:57:17 <simonjb> that might help
2017-08-01T13:57:22 <Bosmon> cool
2017-08-01T13:59:46 <jhernandez> Justin_o: according to my calendar, kasper is out
2017-08-01T14:00:41 <simonjb> Bosmon: https://gist.github.com/simonbates/eced60b78052efd2b1cd0014c74b2e2e
2017-08-01T14:01:38 <simonjb> Bosmon: the test modified to delay construction of the client with createOnEvent and the error I\'m getting
2017-08-01T14:01:44 <jhernandez> and he\'ll be back on the 14th of August
2017-08-01T14:03:04 <Bosmon> Good grief
2017-08-01T14:03:08 <Bosmon> Kasper out for 2 weeks
2017-08-01T14:04:15 <Bosmon> Ok simonjb - so why did you want to delay the construction?
2017-08-01T14:04:43 <simonjb> because I want to verify some Nexus state before it is constructed
2017-08-01T14:04:50 <Bosmon> This is a very good message, I have to say :)
2017-08-01T14:05:15 <simonjb> your error message?
2017-08-01T14:05:29 <Bosmon> simonjb - I suggest you get around this problem by using an IoCSS syntax selector in your "{client}.events.onWebsocketConnected" binding
2017-08-01T14:05:38 <Bosmon> This is typically how we do these things
2017-08-01T14:05:48 <Bosmon> The hard binding forces the construction of the component
2017-08-01T14:06:00 <simonjb> ah, cool, could you provide an example?
2017-08-01T14:08:40 <Bosmon> simonjb - sure
2017-08-01T14:08:46 <Bosmon> We ran into just this situation with michelled last week
2017-08-01T14:08:47 <Bosmon> https://github.com/michelled/gpii-app/blob/GPII-2092/tests/IntegrationTestDefs.js#L124
2017-08-01T14:08:56 <Bosmon> Here\'s a sample from her integration test definitions
2017-08-01T14:09:19 <Bosmon> So, it is a little counterintuitive - but when there is a sequence like this:
2017-08-01T14:09:21 <Bosmon> {
2017-08-01T14:09:21 <Bosmon> func: "{tests}.events.createClient.fire"
2017-08-01T14:09:21 <Bosmon> },
2017-08-01T14:09:21 <Bosmon> {
2017-08-01T14:09:21 <Bosmon> event: "{client}.events.onWebsocketConnected",
2017-08-01T14:09:22 <Bosmon> listener: "fluid.identity"
2017-08-01T14:09:22 <Bosmon> },
2017-08-01T14:09:33 <Bosmon> The listener binding in the 2nd block must occur BEFORE the first block executes
2017-08-01T14:09:54 <Bosmon> Because otherwise it would be impossible for there to be a listener in place before some synchronous activity triggered by the first block had concluded
2017-08-01T14:10:21 <Bosmon> So, by writing {client} as a hard binding (non-IoCSS) you are asking the framework to forcibly resolve the reference to the non-existent component, before the event which creates it has been fired
2017-08-01T14:10:30 <Justin_o> jhernandez: thanks for letting me know about kaspar
2017-08-01T14:10:38 <Bosmon> You can break this kind of "cyclic race" by using an IoCSS binding for the event in the 2nd block
2017-08-01T14:11:31 <Bosmon> After michelled\'s experience we clarified the relevant section in the IoC testing framework docs
2017-08-01T14:11:32 <Bosmon> http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/IoCTestingFramework.html#supported-fixture-records
2017-08-01T14:11:50 <Bosmon> There is a "special dispensation", just in this one kind of sequence element, to issue an IoCSS selector rather than a plain one
2017-08-01T14:16:19 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-08-01T14:17:28 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon, in my case, I\'m also change the client model https://github.com/simonbates/nexus-client/blob/GPII-2468/tests/WebSocketBoundComponentTests.js#L91
2017-08-01T14:17:42 <simonjb> I\'m thinking this will also cause problems?
2017-08-01T14:18:13 <simonjb> where problems == force the framework to resolve
2017-08-01T14:18:45 <Bosmon> simonjb - that\'s fine, the 2nd time round
2017-08-01T14:18:51 <Bosmon> You can be sure it will be constructed by then
2017-08-01T14:20:13 <Bosmon> In any case, that is an active sequence element and you can\'t use an IoCSS selector there
2017-08-01T14:20:17 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'m not understanding "the 2nd time round" what makes this reference different from the event listening one immediately precceding?
2017-08-01T14:27:54 <Bosmon> simonjb - the fact that it comes after it :)
2017-08-01T14:28:46 <Bosmon> Remember that the problem with the first listening element is only caused by the need for what you could call "proleptic binding" -
2017-08-01T14:29:03 <Bosmon> In the pattern (active), (passive) the binding for the passive element must occur BEFORE the previous active element has started to execute
2017-08-01T14:29:36 <Bosmon> Now extending to (active), (passive), (active)  - the 2nd active element will just bind at the expected time, after the passive listener has finished being serviced
2017-08-01T14:33:37 <simonjb> Bosmon: ah ha, now I understand, thank you -- and the switch to the IoCSS selector fixes -- so now all working
2017-08-01T14:35:19 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-08-01T14:39:11 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-01T14:50:32 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-08-01T14:52:05 * kavya joined the channel
2017-08-01T14:59:52 <Bosmon> simonjb - awesome!
2017-08-01T15:01:19 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: lets meet for our regular planning meeting in the fluid-standup room
2017-08-01T15:01:35 <jhung> ok Justin_o
2017-08-01T15:04:33 <Justin_o> alanharnum, gmoss: will you be joining the planning meeting?
2017-08-01T15:04:45 <alanharnum> Justin_o: just logging on now
2017-08-01T15:04:59 <stegru> jhernandez: what is the latest and greatest installer Han should be using?
2017-08-01T15:05:23 <stegru> is it on get.gpii.net?
2017-08-01T15:05:44 <jhernandez> stegru: officially, yes, the one on get.gpii.net
2017-08-01T15:05:47 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T15:06:09 <jhernandez> also, we have the "un-official build", but it was only created to test the NFC enhancements
2017-08-01T15:06:14 <stegru> ok
2017-08-01T15:06:20 <stegru> just checking
2017-08-01T15:17:40 <jhernandez> stegru: btw, I\'m trying to build the user listener in my vaio and I\'m installing new node, python, etc ...
2017-08-01T15:17:52 <stegru> oh ok
2017-08-01T15:18:20 <stegru> you don\'t need to build it on the vaio, just build in the vm then run it?
2017-08-01T15:18:26 <stegru> ..on the vaio
2017-08-01T15:19:45 <stegru> by the way, this might interest you: https://symless.com/synergy
2017-08-01T15:21:43 <jhernandez> stegru: thanks for the link - I didn\'t know about it
2017-08-01T15:22:09 <jhernandez> in fact I\'m using teamviewer so I control it from my linux box
2017-08-01T15:22:47 <jhernandez> anb yeah, I usually build everything on vms, but right now I\'m creating a new one for gpii-app and wanted to speed it up
2017-08-01T15:27:45 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-08-01T15:39:40 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-08-01T15:46:50 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:04:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:20:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:26:30 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:28:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:32:41 * avtar joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:33:43 <Bosmon> Justin_o - given kasparnet will be away for so long I should try to verify your pull by myself
2017-08-01T16:33:54 <Bosmon> But I think I\'ll wait until tomorrow when hopefully I will be a bit more clearheaded
2017-08-01T16:34:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks that\'s great :)
2017-08-01T16:34:56 <Bosmon> I mean it *seems* to me a simple case of an implementation blunder but perhaps it is me who is making the blunder : P
2017-08-01T16:37:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:37:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, i guess there may have been a specific reason that we aren\'t aware of or do not yet realize
2017-08-01T16:37:28 <javjarfer> hi stegru! Are you available?
2017-08-01T16:37:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:37:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are available and with a clear enough head to talk about self voicing
2017-08-01T16:38:23 <colinclark> alanharnum: Here\'s the wiki page I am working on: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/SJRK+Web+Storytelling+Tools
2017-08-01T16:38:48 <stegru> javjarfer: what\'s up?
2017-08-01T16:39:46 <javjarfer> hi! well, I\'m working in the integration of simi and sven to upstream, and you have recently worked with \'custom star menu layout\'
2017-08-01T16:40:07 <javjarfer> have you done any kind of \'unit testing\' for the integration of that in particular?
2017-08-01T16:40:25 <stegru> nothing at all, i only did what\'s on the jira.. no code or anything
2017-08-01T16:40:46 <alanharnum> colinclark: I think this is a really good articulation
2017-08-01T16:41:03 <colinclark> oh thanks
2017-08-01T16:41:16 <stegru> javjarfer: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2335 that\'s all the "code" i\'ve got for it
2017-08-01T16:41:26 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:43:09 <javjarfer> stegru, oookay, so I will check out how to unit test that xD, I will say to you if you want when I have something
2017-08-01T16:43:43 <javjarfer> stegru, and thanks you
2017-08-01T16:49:33 * pratik_r1 joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:49:41 * clown has quit
2017-08-01T16:50:27 * pratik_r has quit
2017-08-01T16:50:41 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-01T16:52:19 <Bosmon> Self voicing!
2017-08-01T16:52:25 <Bosmon> Where is the chat, Justin_o
'

b'2017-08-01T01:39:49 * jhernandez has quit
2017-08-01T04:39:21 * https_GK1wmSU joined the channel
2017-08-01T04:41:03 * https_GK1wmSU has left the channel
2017-08-01T05:19:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T06:07:36 * amatas joined the channel
2017-08-01T06:50:15 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-08-01T07:25:56 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-08-01T07:33:13 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T08:39:51 * stegru joined the channel
2017-08-01T08:43:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-01T09:13:53 <the-t-in-rtf> Morning. @Bosmon and anyone else interested, here is a much more complete linux coverage report: http://the-t-in-rtf.github.io/coverage-reports/linux/20170801/index.html
2017-08-01T09:15:08 <the-t-in-rtf> The previous gaps in xrandr were a goof on my part, I ran the acceptance tests twice (bad copypasta in creating a script entry in package.json).
2017-08-01T09:15:33 <the-t-in-rtf> I am updating various README files and then will submit the associated pull.
2017-08-01T10:22:39 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-08-01T10:29:22 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: so you fixed the xrandr\'s "black spots" - yay!
2017-08-01T10:29:57 <jhernandez> I\'m curious, you\'re only running unit tests, isn\'t it?
2017-08-01T10:31:38 <jhernandez> what about the acceptance tests?
2017-08-01T10:56:15 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-08-01T11:02:14 <the-t-in-rtf> no, I run both.
2017-08-01T11:02:40 <the-t-in-rtf> and then correlate the results of both runs into a single report.
2017-08-01T11:02:54 <the-t-in-rtf> xrandr still has smaller red spots, btw.
2017-08-01T11:03:31 <the-t-in-rtf> Scroll down to line 67: http://the-t-in-rtf.github.io/coverage-reports/linux/20170801/sync/gpii/node_modules/xrandr/xrandr_bridge.js.html
2017-08-01T11:03:42 <the-t-in-rtf> (I will add my magic hack to make the line numbers clickable shortly)
2017-08-01T11:09:12 <jhernandez> I see
2017-08-01T11:09:31 <jhernandez> so get and getImpl functions must be called when running the acceptance tests
2017-08-01T11:10:22 <jhernandez> I\'m not sure why it\'s in red
2017-08-01T11:11:32 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: are you using the last version of universal?
2017-08-01T11:11:55 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m using whatever linux master is using.
2017-08-01T11:12:06 <jhernandez> recently I merged a pull request from Joseph that add acceptance tests for xrandr
2017-08-01T11:12:21 <the-t-in-rtf> The tests in master only check to see if the methods exist as far as I can see.
2017-08-01T11:12:32 <the-t-in-rtf> (I mean linux master)
2017-08-01T11:12:52 <the-t-in-rtf> I can update the pull to use the newer commit hash, I saw that earlier.
2017-08-01T11:14:19 <the-t-in-rtf> Testing that now, I should also have a report with linked line numbers.
2017-08-01T11:14:42 <jhernandez> it\'s true the unit tests for the bridge only use the "set" functionality - the rest is being tested inside nodexrandr_tests, which are calling the addon\'s methods
2017-08-01T11:15:08 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: cool, share them with me once they\'re done
2017-08-01T11:17:13 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m having trouble provisioning the fedora box, is anyone else having trouble installing packages?
2017-08-01T11:17:46 <the-t-in-rtf> Most recently I got "Failed to synchronize cache for repo \'updates\'"
2017-08-01T11:18:00 <the-t-in-rtf> Before that it was "Could not resolve host: mirrors.fedoraproject.org"
2017-08-01T11:18:14 <jhernandez> do you have internet connection?
2017-08-01T11:18:18 <jhernandez> :)
2017-08-01T11:18:20 <the-t-in-rtf> ha.
2017-08-01T11:18:22 <jhernandez> inside the vm
2017-08-01T11:18:24 <jhernandez> I mean
2017-08-01T11:18:28 <jhernandez> :)
2017-08-01T11:18:44 <the-t-in-rtf> I have been recreating that VM every few hours without problems up to now.
2017-08-01T11:18:54 <the-t-in-rtf> No change in the Fedora 24 VM AFAIK?
2017-08-01T11:19:13 <jhernandez> when I provision a new machine, "sometimes" the network device gets disabled - not sure if my vbox is guilty for that
2017-08-01T11:19:14 <the-t-in-rtf> Seems like it was a temporary problem reaching the package hosts, it\'s fine now.
2017-08-01T11:19:20 <jhernandez> okay
2017-08-01T11:19:23 <jhernandez> :)
2017-08-01T11:19:36 <the-t-in-rtf> I was wondering if it was like poor GitHub yesterday
2017-08-01T11:19:41 <the-t-in-rtf> so many nines wiped off of their uptime
2017-08-01T11:26:52 <gtirloni> jhernandez: i think vbox 5.1.24 might have an issue in vboxnet0 on linux hosts. 5.1.26 fixed that
2017-08-01T11:28:06 <jhernandez> gtirloni: mm, I\'m still keeping my beloved vbox verrsion 5.0.18
2017-08-01T11:28:08 <jhernandez> :)
2017-08-01T11:28:12 <gtirloni> why?
2017-08-01T11:28:23 <jhernandez> don\'t know, I\'m a romantic
2017-08-01T11:28:26 <jhernandez> :P
2017-08-01T11:28:27 <gtirloni> that\'s ancient :)
2017-08-01T11:28:50 <gtirloni> i think you\'re a masochist :P
2017-08-01T11:29:01 <gtirloni> well, maybe people who install newest versions are in fact
2017-08-01T11:29:05 <gtirloni> when it comes to vbox
2017-08-01T11:29:52 <jhernandez> now seriously - I had problems when upgrading to a version that I can\'t remember and switched back to the ancient one - which works very well
2017-08-01T11:30:56 <gtirloni> i think 5.0.20 was very broken, maybe that was it
2017-08-01T11:31:15 <jhernandez> probably that\'s the one I tried updating to
2017-08-01T11:32:08 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, GitHub pages hasn\'t picked up the fact that the randr tests are there yet, but you can see that with the newer universal the coverage definitely improved: http://the-t-in-rtf.github.io/coverage-reports/linux/20170801-1325/
2017-08-01T11:32:28 <the-t-in-rtf> Up from 65% to 90%
2017-08-01T11:32:46 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean that you can\'t drill down in the randr report yet, is all.
2017-08-01T11:33:09 <the-t-in-rtf> I tried loading that manually before the update came through and GitHub is still delivering a 404, but just for that page.
2017-08-01T11:33:16 <the-t-in-rtf> I suspect it\'ll be 5-10 minutes.
2017-08-01T11:34:19 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m getting the same kind of intermittent network problems in provisioning a windows VM.
2017-08-01T11:34:30 <the-t-in-rtf> Is there a version of vbox where this happens less often?
2017-08-01T11:34:46 <jhernandez> gtirloni: I have vbox 5.1.24-1.1 available in my repo, I\'ll wait until 5.1.26 is available
2017-08-01T11:34:48 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m on 5.1.14
2017-08-01T11:36:07 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: 65% to 90% - sweet!
2017-08-01T11:43:28 <jhernandez> stegru: just added a review on https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/122
2017-08-01T11:43:37 <stegru> yes thanks
2017-08-01T11:44:36 <jhernandez> the code looks good to me, but I\'m not sure about the reasoning behind keeping the proximityRemoved and logout facilities
2017-08-01T11:44:40 <stegru> oh i\'m on 5.1.24 now - works ok so far
2017-08-01T11:45:10 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-08-01T11:45:40 <stegru> well, there\'s no reason - i just left it in "just in case"
2017-08-01T11:45:49 <stegru> i can remove it if it offends you, jhernandez
2017-08-01T11:45:54 <Bosmon> jhernandez - we decided at Toronto that it could be a useful part of a future implementation
2017-08-01T11:46:01 <Bosmon> Do you remember our whiteboarding with green lines and circles?
2017-08-01T11:46:01 <jhernandez> stegru: which repo are you using on your distro? it\'s the one from ubuntu?
2017-08-01T11:46:12 <stegru> from sun
2017-08-01T11:46:15 <stegru> i mean oracle
2017-08-01T11:46:21 <jhernandez> Bosmon: yes, I do remember that session
2017-08-01T11:46:24 <Bosmon> Sun!
2017-08-01T11:46:29 <jhernandez> SUN
2017-08-01T11:47:34 <stegru> i once worked for the uk\'s sun re-seller.. we had to use star office
2017-08-01T11:47:39 <Bosmon> jhernandez - what do you mean by "the icon which allows logout from the listener"?
2017-08-01T11:48:10 <stegru> https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/122/files#diff-8bb48dc18592c33b88e3dc5720b762a4R258
2017-08-01T11:48:52 <stegru> I tihnk it was decided among us not to have a logout item in the menu
2017-08-01T11:49:02 <simonjb> stegru: was the Sun re-seller\'s office decorated with purple accents?
2017-08-01T11:49:23 <jhernandez> Bosmon: so, apparently, there\'s a UI element that allows the user to perform a logout from the RFID listener UI
2017-08-01T11:49:31 <stegru> since the listener shouldn\'t have any understanding of "logout" or in
2017-08-01T11:49:51 <jhernandez> then, can we just remove it instead of having it based on a define?
2017-08-01T11:50:01 <Bosmon> Wow, UI elements that are defined in code
2017-08-01T11:50:09 <Bosmon> Today really is back to the 90s
2017-08-01T11:50:12 <jhernandez> hahaha
2017-08-01T11:50:20 <stegru> simonjb: no red, it was taken over by ICL
2017-08-01T11:50:36 <Bosmon> I remember the days of triggering "InvalidateRect" on things
2017-08-01T11:50:51 <Bosmon> It felt so powerful
2017-08-01T11:51:33 <stegru> i\'m not sure if that\'s even needed now that the windows are buffered
2017-08-01T11:52:54 <stegru> so jhernandez, I can remove the things inside the #ifdef and let git do the job instead
2017-08-01T11:53:23 <stegru> but i left them in because I wasn\'t confident on how decisive the decision was
2017-08-01T11:53:53 <stegru> by the way, does the thing work? Because I didn\'t actually test it
2017-08-01T11:53:53 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-08-01T11:54:09 <jhernandez> what does "... and let git do the job instead" mean?
2017-08-01T11:54:30 <stegru> well, keep old code
2017-08-01T11:54:45 <jhernandez> and what do you mean by "the thing?" - the \'logout\' one?
2017-08-01T11:54:45 <Bosmon> I vote +1 for keeping proximityRemoved and -1 for keeping the menu
2017-08-01T11:55:13 <stegru> the menu isn\'t going.. just the "logout" item.. it shouldn\'t know about login state
2017-08-01T11:55:32 <jhernandez> I agree with Bosmon, let\'s rip the logout menu out of it
2017-08-01T11:55:52 <jhernandez> right, the logout item (not the menu)
2017-08-01T11:59:32 * javjarfer has quit
2017-08-01T12:00:37 <stegru> currently it logs out when it\'s terminated... is that still desirable?
2017-08-01T12:01:48 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-08-01T12:07:12 <jhernandez> stegru: do you mean when the rfid listener is terminated? (i.e.: I manually close the rfid listener)
2017-08-01T12:07:21 <stegru> yeh, jhernandez
2017-08-01T12:07:39 <stegru> when you click on "Exit"
2017-08-01T12:08:09 <stegru> https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/122/files#diff-8bb48dc18592c33b88e3dc5720b762a4R495
2017-08-01T12:08:32 <jhernandez> well, that should be the behavior in gpii-app\'s exit, not in the RFID listener
2017-08-01T12:08:44 <stegru> yep
2017-08-01T12:09:03 <jhernandez> or at least that\'s how I see this
2017-08-01T12:09:43 <jhernandez> in any case, we should really think about giving some love to our user listeners
2017-08-01T12:10:20 <stegru> well, one of my missions is to do that
2017-08-01T12:10:25 <jhernandez> I know
2017-08-01T12:10:32 <stegru> i have a lot of love to give
2017-08-01T12:10:42 <jhernandez> I know :P
2017-08-01T12:10:51 <stegru> ;)
2017-08-01T12:11:16 <stegru> so what about the things in the WANT_REMOVE_EVENT?
2017-08-01T12:11:51 <jhernandez> stegru: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO1e9PJyDlI
2017-08-01T12:11:54 <jhernandez> xD
2017-08-01T12:12:13 <stegru> what a co-incidence, i was already playing that ;)
2017-08-01T12:14:00 <jhernandez> you\'re a romantic! xDDD
2017-08-01T12:15:41 <jhernandez> stegru: wrt WANT_REMOVE_EVENT, keep it as it is (for future improvements as Bosmon said)
2017-08-01T12:16:10 <stegru> ok
2017-08-01T12:25:38 <stegru> done, jhernandez. by the way, I don\'t have the hardware to properly test it - but it compiles!
2017-08-01T12:26:39 <jhernandez> don\'t you have an external nfc reader?
2017-08-01T12:27:04 <stegru> not the one loved by GPII
2017-08-01T12:27:07 <jhernandez> in any case, no prob, I can test it here with the "official hw" :P
2017-08-01T12:27:22 <jhernandez> which one do you have?
2017-08-01T12:27:30 <stegru> Gemalto PRo-x
2017-08-01T12:27:34 <jhernandez> mine is an ACR122U IIRC
2017-08-01T12:27:42 <jhernandez> which chip does it uses?
2017-08-01T12:27:53 <stegru> god knows
2017-08-01T12:28:00 <stegru> it\'s a proper card reader
2017-08-01T12:29:52 <jhernandez> okay
'

