b'2017-07-12T20:50:26 * pratik_r has quit
2017-07-12T20:50:31 * pratik_r1 joined the channel
2017-07-12T20:54:24 * michelled1 has quit
2017-07-12T21:00:13 * clown has quit
2017-07-12T21:01:54 * colinclark has quit
2017-07-12T21:18:45 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-12T21:28:45 * alanharnum has quit
2017-07-12T21:29:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-12T21:32:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-12T21:42:57 * amatas has quit
2017-07-12T22:24:17 * stegru has quit
2017-07-12T22:31:47 * javjarfer_ joined the channel
2017-07-12T22:31:47 * javjarfer has quit
2017-07-12T22:35:52 * Justin_o has quit
2017-07-12T22:37:01 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-12T22:37:17 * pratik_r has left the channel
2017-07-12T22:37:27 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-07-12T22:41:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-12T22:45:50 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-12T23:03:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-12T23:05:05 * danayo has quit
2017-07-12T23:57:59 * colinclark joined the channel
'

b'2017-07-12T00:03:01 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-12T01:16:57 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-07-12T03:17:32 * danayo has quit
2017-07-12T05:06:58 * mrtyler has quit
2017-07-12T07:13:09 * alanharnum has quit
2017-07-12T07:13:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-12T07:15:22 * amatas joined the channel
2017-07-12T07:55:24 * stegru joined the channel
2017-07-12T08:28:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-12T08:43:07 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-12T08:45:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-12T08:50:01 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-07-12T08:53:56 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-12T09:04:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-12T11:19:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-12T11:22:41 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-07-12T11:42:04 <stegru> amatas: The log PR has been updated... the only change you should notice is the session start/stop having a "linkId" field, which is used to connect the two related items
2017-07-12T11:42:39 <stegru> I don\'t expect it to change much after this
2017-07-12T11:43:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-12T11:45:02 <stegru> oh, the window time metric will still have a duration event.. because the duration is an actual metric rather than a "activated/deactivated" pair of log entries
2017-07-12T11:52:08 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-07-12T11:54:11 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-12T11:56:46 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-07-12T11:59:25 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-07-12T12:21:56 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-07-12T12:22:44 <jhernandez> stegru, kasparnet: I\'m experiencing some problems on the windows implementation with the latest version of universal (at least in my vagrant box)
2017-07-12T12:23:02 <stegru> yes?
2017-07-12T12:24:29 <jhernandez> stegru: yes, looks like it\'s only in the vagrant environment since I cloned the windows repo in a real windows machine and it\'s working fine
2017-07-12T12:24:51 <stegru> and what is the problem?
2017-07-12T12:25:20 <jhernandez> but just wanted to double check - I created this pull https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/127 in order to check
2017-07-12T12:25:59 <jhernandez> stegru: it doesn\'t start, it complains about "unable to resolve reference to deviceReporter"
2017-07-12T12:26:06 <jhernandez> pretty weird
2017-07-12T12:26:11 <stegru> oh yes, I\'ve had that on CI
2017-07-12T12:26:16 <jhernandez> mmmm
2017-07-12T12:26:18 <jhernandez> where?
2017-07-12T12:26:20 <stegru> but not in my VM
2017-07-12T12:26:57 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-07-12T12:27:02 <stegru> https://ci.gpii.net/job/windows-acceptance-tests/150/console
2017-07-12T12:27:21 <jhernandez> right, that thing
2017-07-12T12:30:31 <jhernandez> heh, then looks like we\'re not going to pass tests of code that depends on the last version of universal in CI until we fix that?
2017-07-12T12:38:55 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-07-12T12:39:37 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-07-12T12:42:52 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-12T12:45:10 <kasparne_> jhernandez, stegru: Do we know why it cannot find the device reporter?
2017-07-12T12:45:42 <jhernandez> kasparne_: I\'ve just come to the conclusion that kettle is guilty for it
2017-07-12T12:46:03 <kasparne_> godammit Bosmon7
2017-07-12T12:46:04 <kasparne_> :)
2017-07-12T12:46:28 <jhernandez> right, there was an update of kettle a few weeks ago
2017-07-12T12:48:44 <jhernandez> we\'re using kettle 1.6.0 and looks like 1.5.0 version is working fine
2017-07-12T12:48:51 <jhernandez> mmm
2017-07-12T12:49:22 <jhernandez> I\'ll double check
2017-07-12T12:50:47 <jhernandez> right
2017-07-12T12:51:10 <jhernandez> with kettle 1.5.0 it works fine
2017-07-12T13:05:34 <stegru> i can now reproduce it
2017-07-12T13:07:11 <jhernandez> I\'ve filled a jira ticket: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2483
2017-07-12T13:07:32 * clown joined the channel
2017-07-12T13:08:39 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-07-12T13:11:16 <jhernandez> so, my understanding is that we should fix this ASAP, either by a) fixing it in kettle or by b) just fixing the kettle dep to 1.5 in universal until a) gets resolved
2017-07-12T13:11:38 * jhung joined the channel
2017-07-12T13:12:51 <stegru> you\'re right about the unc paths.. because i normally don\'t use them, and when i did "pushd \\\\vboxsvr\\vagrant & node tests\\AcceptanceTests.js builtIn" it works
2017-07-12T13:22:24 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-07-12T13:27:21 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-07-12T13:33:45 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-07-12T13:44:49 * avtar joined the channel
2017-07-12T13:50:51 * avtar has quit
2017-07-12T13:51:12 * avtar joined the channel
2017-07-12T13:54:25 * michelled joined the channel
2017-07-12T14:00:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-12T14:06:24 <clown> kasperne_, when you have a few minutes, could you comment on my proposal here:  https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1939?focusedCommentId=27024&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-27024
2017-07-12T14:06:41 <clown> it\'s regarding the device reporter reporting the screen resolutions.
2017-07-12T14:07:46 <clown> Justin_o:  do yo have a few mintues?
2017-07-12T14:08:36 <clown> or, "minutes", actually...
2017-07-12T14:09:12 <Justin_o> clown: sure, did you want me to come over, or talk here?
2017-07-12T14:11:49 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-12T14:46:15 <Justin_o> jhung: can we schedule a design crit to redesign the build site ( build.fluidproject.org )
2017-07-12T14:48:18 <jhung> Justin_o: Sure. When do you want to talk about it?
2017-07-12T14:48:42 <Justin_o> jhung: i guess whenever we have an opening, other than Aug 1
2017-07-12T14:49:23 <jhung> We have opening next week Justin_o.
2017-07-12T14:49:50 <Justin_o> michelled: does next week sound good for the design crit?
2017-07-12T14:50:22 <michelled> yep, sounds good to me
2017-07-12T14:57:03 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-07-12T15:01:02 <jhung> Justin_o, michelled: ok. I\'ll put it in.
2017-07-12T15:02:23 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-07-12T15:02:57 <jhung> michelled, Justin_o: if you have time, can you let me know if you have any thoughts about how we would approach child-theme development of wordpress sites? See the latest response to the "Continuous Integration and Wordpress development" on the fluid-work list.
2017-07-12T15:05:28 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-12T15:07:47 <Justin_o> jhung: i sent a reply on the e-mail thread
2017-07-12T15:10:52 <jhung> Justin_o: thanks. I guess the most important thing about using github for these sites is the versioning. I think we can make due without the other procedures.
2017-07-12T15:11:34 <Justin_o> jhung: okay, although you\'ll probably want to limit access still
2017-07-12T15:11:36 <jhung> How comfortable would we be with someone outside the IDRC pushing changes directly to a child theme which goes directly into production?
2017-07-12T15:11:47 <jhung> ^ Justin_o
2017-07-12T15:12:33 <Justin_o> jhung: yah i don\'t think you\'d want random people doing that, but those on the project who have been vetted somehow should be fine i guess.. again, i think it depends on the site and project
2017-07-12T15:12:53 * danayo has quit
2017-07-12T15:13:52 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-12T15:14:21 <alanharn_> jhung: while I\'m not familiar enough with WP to comment specifically on this, it may be helpful to read some of what\'s talked about at https://roots.io/twelve-factor-wordpress/
2017-07-12T15:15:10 <alanharn_> it may be a bit outdated at this point, but it talks about a number of the challenges of balancing Wordpress\'s end-user friendliness with admin/operations friendliness
2017-07-12T15:22:12 <jhung> Justin_o: okay. That sounds reasonable assuming the person working on the site is okay with using an IDE and git. But what about someone who is not accustomed to using any of that. What would the process be in that case?
2017-07-12T15:26:16 <gtirloni> I\'m not sure we can reconcile reproducible builds with letting people change code on a live website. I\'ve thought about this and couldn\'t think of an easy way. On one hand we have the Composer workflow (build wpcore+plugins+themes through a recipe -- that still ignores DB data) and on other we have people using the WP control panel. For the former, we can throw things away (and keep their DB).. the latter, not so much, DB+website have to be
2017-07-12T15:26:16 <gtirloni> carefully handled because that\'s the live source
2017-07-12T15:27:09 <gtirloni> so basically offering a framework for developers vs. developing a WP SaaS offering I think
2017-07-12T15:44:57 <kasparne_> ping avtar
2017-07-12T15:45:09 <kasparne_> do you know if this has been fixed as in fixed
2017-07-12T15:45:14 <kasparne_> or fixed as in "not fixed"
2017-07-12T15:51:02 * avtar has quit
2017-07-12T15:53:07 * avtar joined the channel
2017-07-12T15:55:08 <avtar> kasparne_: i think i\'m missing some context here. what is "this"?
2017-07-12T15:57:39 * clown \'what is "this"?\'  the perennial javascript question\xe2\x80\xa6
2017-07-12T15:58:26 <gtirloni> is this that?
2017-07-12T15:59:47 <clown> gtirloni:  oui, \xc3\xa7a c\'est vrai.
2017-07-12T16:01:49 <clown> ou, c\'est cela
2017-07-12T16:03:51 <kasparne_> you\'re so demanding avtar
2017-07-12T16:03:52 <kasparne_> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1894
2017-07-12T16:11:45 <avtar> kasparne_: gotcha
2017-07-12T16:12:48 <avtar> this ticket got closed during the great pruning event of the last apcp f2f since the issue seems to also being tracked in gpii-2344
2017-07-12T16:49:20 <kasparne_> ah, I see
2017-07-12T16:50:37 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-07-12T16:51:09 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-12T17:03:41 * alanharn_ has quit
2017-07-12T17:22:04 * michelled has quit
2017-07-12T17:22:57 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-07-12T17:24:44 * gtirloni has quit
2017-07-12T17:25:52 * avtar has quit
2017-07-12T17:26:20 * colinclark has quit
2017-07-12T17:54:32 * michelled joined the channel
2017-07-12T17:57:40 * alanharnum has quit
2017-07-12T17:57:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-12T18:01:57 * cindyli has quit
2017-07-12T18:08:49 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-07-12T18:13:32 * clown has quit
2017-07-12T18:22:58 * clown joined the channel
2017-07-12T18:24:37 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2017-07-12T18:26:49 * pratik_r has quit
2017-07-12T18:29:02 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-07-12T18:29:02 * michelled has quit
2017-07-12T18:29:39 * alanharnum has quit
2017-07-12T18:30:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-12T18:30:37 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: the community meeting today is on Inclusive wayfinding
2017-07-12T18:35:57 * cindyli has quit
2017-07-12T18:41:48 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-12T19:02:33 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-07-12T19:42:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-12T19:49:28 * javjarfer has quit
2017-07-12T19:54:49 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-07-12T20:00:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-12T20:02:58 * pratik_r has quit
2017-07-12T20:07:44 * cindyli has quit
2017-07-12T20:08:48 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-07-12T20:09:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-12T20:14:37 * simonjb has quit
2017-07-12T20:18:39 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-12T20:25:11 * clown_mtg is now known as clown
'

