b'2017-01-05T19:16:07 <colinclark> simonjb: This was the thread on osc.js\' issue tracker about Postel\'s Law and robustness: https://github.com/colinbdclark/osc.js/issues/72
2017-01-05T19:16:28 <simonjb> thanks colinclark I\'ll have a look
2017-01-05T19:18:12 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-05T19:59:04 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-05T20:01:35 <Bosmon> Hi there simonjb - available for a quick chat?
2017-01-05T20:01:51 <simonjb> Bosmon: absolutely :)
2017-01-05T20:03:33 <Bosmon> I\'m not sure you are in your..... ROOM
2017-01-05T20:04:11 <simonjb> Bosmon: room unlocked
2017-01-05T20:04:12 * stegru has quit
2017-01-05T20:05:56 <Bosmon> simonjb, colinclark and I have just been considering the requirement for what could be called "dynamically sourced dynamic components"
2017-01-05T20:06:06 <Bosmon> For which my current very "rough and ready" implementation looks like this: https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/js/ComponentGraph.js#L531
2017-01-05T20:10:34 <simonjb> Bosmon: https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/GPII-2177/tests/CoOccurrenceEngineTests.js#L44
2017-01-05T20:16:19 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-05T20:18:07 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-05T20:19:44 <Bosmon> As an intermediate this uses a piece of machinery called the "DynamicComponentIndexer" which is still under development as a bit of "proto-framework"
2017-01-05T20:19:46 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/js/DynamicComponentIndexer.js
2017-01-05T20:20:27 <colinclark> Bosmon: No, it\'s here! https://github.com/colinbdclark/flock-drum/blob/master/src/migrate/to-infusion/DynamicComponentIndexer.js
2017-01-05T20:20:28 <colinclark> :P
2017-01-05T20:20:59 <Bosmon> This has been developed from an earlier incarnation of the same concept within GPII\'s universal at https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/lifecycleManager/src/DynamicComponentIndexer.js
2017-01-05T20:21:02 <Bosmon> hahaha
2017-01-05T20:21:26 <Bosmon> So this earlier one is a kind of more crummy "pre-FLUID-5903" implementation
2017-01-05T20:21:48 <Bosmon> And so it injects whole component references rather than "references to components"
2017-01-05T20:23:07 <Bosmon> Answering a further question of simonjb\'s "How does the visualisation system listen to appearance and disappearance of components in order to update itself?"
2017-01-05T20:23:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T20:23:58 <Bosmon> To which the answer is "It piggybacks off a probably undocumented low-level event fired by the IoC instantiator" to which the reference is here: https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/js/ComponentGraph.js#L270
2017-01-05T20:24:05 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon, as I will need something similar for the co-occurrence engine: to react to the appearance or disappearance of peers
2017-01-05T20:27:40 <simonjb> Bosmon: https://github.com/simonbates/nexus/blob/GPII-2177/tests/CoOccurrenceEngineTests.js#L44
2017-01-05T20:28:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-05T20:55:41 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-01-05T20:57:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T21:00:25 <colinclark> michelled: One quesiton, in your plan
2017-01-05T21:00:30 <colinclark> there is one item, labelled "Fix Infusion build to be Node friendly"
2017-01-05T21:00:35 <colinclark> what is that one?
2017-01-05T21:04:43 <michelled> ah, good question colinclark- I actually need to ask alanharnum and justino about it
2017-01-05T21:04:54 <michelled> it might have been something they already tackled.
2017-01-05T21:05:08 <michelled> sometimes my short hand is too short and I can\'t remember what it refers to :(
2017-01-05T21:05:12 <michelled> alanharnum: do you remember?
2017-01-05T21:07:21 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-05T21:15:00 <alanharnum> michelled: I believe that\'s about the /dist directory, which has already been tackled
2017-01-05T21:15:14 <alanharnum> basically about letting people more easily source Infusion from npm without having to run the build steps themselves
2017-01-05T21:16:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-05T21:19:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T21:23:26 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-05T21:23:47 <clown> alanharnum:  you asked what the ARIA working group usess for creating the specs at today\'s standup.  "ReSpec" is here: https://github.com/w3c/respec
2017-01-05T21:23:56 <alanharnum> thanks clown
2017-01-05T21:24:06 <clown> wlcm
2017-01-05T21:28:34 * kavya has quit
2017-01-05T21:46:40 * simonjb has quit
2017-01-05T21:58:57 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-05T22:03:12 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-05T22:13:49 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-05T22:17:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T22:44:18 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-01-05T22:54:01 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-05T22:58:19 * yzen has quit
2017-01-05T23:05:55 * stegru has quit
2017-01-05T23:10:23 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
'

b'2017-01-05T00:59:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T01:06:02 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-05T01:32:32 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-05T01:54:24 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-05T01:55:25 * danayo has quit
2017-01-05T02:00:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T03:02:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T03:16:31 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-05T04:04:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T04:07:22 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-05T04:11:42 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-05T05:07:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T07:12:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T08:15:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T08:31:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-05T08:48:43 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-05T09:02:04 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-05T09:17:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T09:21:02 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-05T09:34:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-05T09:49:53 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-05T09:59:41 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-05T10:19:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T11:09:55 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-05T11:21:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T11:55:43 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2017-01-05T11:58:41 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2017-01-05T12:09:18 <kasparnet> gloob: I\'m encountering this annoying issue with node-gyp on my install scripts: http://pastie.org/10988011
2017-01-05T12:09:30 <kasparnet> is this something that looks familiar from when you were writing the scripts
2017-01-05T12:16:36 <kasparnet> bit of a flashback, actually
2017-01-05T12:16:46 <kasparnet> i should probably dig back into the IRC logs
2017-01-05T12:23:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T12:28:42 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-01-05T12:31:17 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-01-05T12:53:00 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-05T12:59:01 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-05T13:01:06 <gloob> kasparnet: umhhh, let me see
2017-01-05T13:18:48 <gloob> kasparnet: I think it is safe to drop that line, I need to verify if we still needed it that I think is not. https://github.com/GPII/windows/blob/master/provisioning/Chocolatey.ps1#L10 This was a problem with the last windows box
2017-01-05T13:18:56 <gloob> related issue https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1996
2017-01-05T13:23:38 <gloob> kasparnet: I cannot reproduce it in gpii/windows:master where is that happening?
2017-01-05T13:23:49 <gloob> kasparnet: I need to leave, driving time, catch you later
2017-01-05T13:25:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T13:36:48 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-05T13:40:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-05T13:45:14 * jessm joined the channel
2017-01-05T13:50:57 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-05T14:07:50 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-05T14:08:48 <simonjb> cindyli: I was thinking about our apcp security stuff this morning and had an idea I wanted to share
2017-01-05T14:09:09 <cindyli> that\'s great, simonjb, vidyo?
2017-01-05T14:09:13 <simonjb> sure
2017-01-05T14:09:53 <cindyli> call me when you are ready, simonjb
2017-01-05T14:11:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T14:17:07 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-05T14:19:49 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-05T14:41:34 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-05T14:46:21 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-05T14:51:00 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-05T15:02:41 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-05T15:02:58 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-05T15:13:21 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-05T15:13:23 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-01-05T15:14:15 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-05T15:27:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-05T15:28:22 * yzen_ joined the channel
2017-01-05T15:29:36 * yzen has quit
2017-01-05T15:29:36 <michelled> simonjb: Syrus Marcus Ware wrote a really wonderful article about his experience of 2016: http://www.cbc.ca/beta/arts/magic-from-the-madness-on-black-disabled-activists-and-artists-making-change-in-2016-1.3911410
2017-01-05T15:30:11 <simonjb> thanks michelled, I will take a look
2017-01-05T15:47:01 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-05T16:04:34 * kavya joined the channel
2017-01-05T16:04:39 <Bosmon> Hi simonjb, cindyli - any summary from your meeting?
2017-01-05T16:04:41 <Bosmon> Sounds interesting
2017-01-05T16:05:12 <simonjb> Bosmon!
2017-01-05T16:07:47 <simonjb> Bosmon: I suggested an option of using a per-location (such as a job centre) computer that stores the secrets that is separate from the public machines
2017-01-05T16:09:20 <simonjb> it then (a) communicates with gpii cloud on behave of public machines to get access token and (b) only honours requests from a controlled set of machines on its local network
2017-01-05T16:10:20 <simonjb> so we put the secrets on a machine that is not publicly accessible except via a controlled api
2017-01-05T16:11:39 <simonjb> it acts as a proxy for the public machines but is able to keep secrets as it itself is not publicly accessible
2017-01-05T16:12:42 <Bosmon> simonjb - sounds interesting - and also reminiscent of our discussions last year about "how to enable preference-scoped static sites"
2017-01-05T16:12:48 <simonjb> yes
2017-01-05T16:12:59 <Bosmon> Perhaps we could reuse some of the thinking or implementation
2017-01-05T16:14:17 <cindyli> Bosmon, simonjb, is there a meeting notes for "how to enable preference-scoped static sites"
2017-01-05T16:14:44 <Bosmon> cindyli - I\'m pretty sure we wrote fairly good notes
2017-01-05T16:14:48 <Bosmon> And I\'m pretty sure you were there :)
2017-01-05T16:15:14 <cindyli> really???!!!
2017-01-05T16:16:38 <Bosmon> That is what I think!
2017-01-05T16:16:42 <Bosmon> But let\'s try and find out...
2017-01-05T16:17:13 <cindyli> apparently i have the memory of goldfish that only lasts 7 seconds :(
2017-01-05T16:17:55 <Bosmon> cindyli - well, looks like your memory could last almost 1 year
2017-01-05T16:17:56 <Bosmon> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Integrating+with+the+GPII+Preferences+Server
2017-01-05T16:18:02 <Bosmon> It\'s pretty damn astonishing how long ago this meeting was
2017-01-05T16:18:49 <Bosmon> Now I have a suspicion that what happened after this is that you or someone else drew up some speculative architecture diagrams
2017-01-05T16:19:01 <Bosmon> And that we had one further meeting, and then this track of work was shelved
2017-01-05T16:19:29 <cindyli> thanks, Bosmon, u have an amazing searching skill
2017-01-05T16:20:19 <cindyli> i think now i know what those meetings are, let me see if i can find the notes of the latter meetings
2017-01-05T16:20:23 <Bosmon> See this - "We will meet to address TASK ONE at 12 EST on Monday"
2017-01-05T16:20:29 <Bosmon> I am pretty confident that this meeting happened
2017-01-05T16:20:35 <simonjb> I think that Giovanni did quite a bit of thinking in this direction
2017-01-05T16:20:39 <Bosmon> And also fairly confident that no further meetings happened
2017-01-05T16:21:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T16:21:48 <Bosmon> I\'m pretty sure that we have a draft API for what is called "TASK ONE" here
2017-01-05T16:21:58 <Bosmon> Perhaps the next step was meant to be that I reviewed it : P
2017-01-05T16:22:22 <Bosmon> This is what I vaguely remember :)
2017-01-05T16:33:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T16:34:08 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-05T16:38:11 * clown has quit
2017-01-05T16:41:09 * colinclark has quit
2017-01-05T16:42:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T16:46:10 <cindyli> finally found notes of following meetings - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Iccka4z7utljRqIN9w6ivzCNA6I_Igx9gI9WRUvr7v8/edit. adding it to "security dashboard" wiki
2017-01-05T16:53:23 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-05T16:54:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T17:12:29 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-05T17:13:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-05T17:17:31 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-05T17:20:58 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-05T17:38:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-05T17:44:25 <Bosmon> amatas - sgithens has noted that our WIndows 10 Vagrant VM is about to expire in just a few days
2017-01-05T17:44:32 <Bosmon> Would you be able to get it updated?
2017-01-05T17:45:30 <mrtyler> Bosmon: pretty sure amatas is out today/tmrw
2017-01-05T17:45:57 <mrtyler> Bosmon: my extremely uneducated thought is that you can destroy/recreate the vm and get 90 more days?
2017-01-05T17:46:25 <Bosmon> mrtyler - it has a key inside it
2017-01-05T17:46:26 * clown has quit
2017-01-05T17:46:35 <mrtyler> oh :(
2017-01-05T17:50:00 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-05T17:57:30 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-05T18:08:27 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-05T18:35:37 * michelled has quit
2017-01-05T18:43:05 <Bosmon> cindyli - any luck finding our API for the static prefs proxy?
2017-01-05T18:43:37 <cindyli> found the meeting notes, but it doesn\'t seem to have the API - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Iccka4z7utljRqIN9w6ivzCNA6I_Igx9gI9WRUvr7v8/edit
2017-01-05T18:43:41 <cindyli> Bosmon: ^
2017-01-05T18:43:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T18:43:59 <Bosmon> Oh great, thanks!
2017-01-05T18:44:33 <Bosmon> This is great
2017-01-05T18:44:35 <cindyli> i rmb simonjb also drew a diagram of the infrastructure with the proxying server
2017-01-05T18:48:34 <Bosmon> Ok
2017-01-05T18:48:38 <Bosmon> Any ideas where it might be?
2017-01-05T18:48:46 <Bosmon> I don\'t see anything in my Google Drive ...
2017-01-05T18:50:24 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-05T18:50:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-05T18:59:16 <Bosmon> Hey alanharnum - do you happen to have a link to the piratePad for our community meeting about Infusion 2.0 last month?
2017-01-05T18:59:26 <Bosmon> Dec 21st....
2017-01-05T18:59:45 <alanharnum> hm, let me check
2017-01-05T19:02:03 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-05T19:03:19 <alanharnum> Bosmon: I am afraid I don\'t
2017-01-05T19:03:26 <alanharnum> probably best to ask Justin_o when he returns
2017-01-05T19:11:29 <Bosmon> alanharnum - no worries, cheers..... simonjb, cindyli, any chance that either of you have it?
2017-01-05T19:12:01 <cindyli> checking..
2017-01-05T19:13:56 <cindyli> Bosmon: https://pad.gpii.net/p/infusion-post-2-0-zo44njf
2017-01-05T19:14:04 <Bosmon> cindyli - brilliant, thanks!
2017-01-05T19:14:07 <cindyli> np
2017-01-05T19:14:10 <Bosmon> I\'ll just wikify this now ...
2017-01-05T19:15:14 * colinclark joined the channel
'

