b'2017-02-09T15:55:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-09T15:56:20 <the-t-in-rtf> To everyone in the previous meeting, this would be the starting point for the version picker: https://github.com/the-t-in-rtf/ul-website/blob/UL-66/src/js/client/select.js
2017-02-09T15:56:44 <the-t-in-rtf> It renders a select based on an options block.
2017-02-09T15:57:10 <the-t-in-rtf> On balance, I think working in fluid labs at least at first seems right.
2017-02-09T15:57:25 <the-t-in-rtf> if we decide that it\'s more widely useful, then we use it as an example of moving thing sout.
2017-02-09T15:57:28 <the-t-in-rtf> things out
2017-02-09T15:58:42 <the-t-in-rtf> The only thing is, it does depend on making handlebars templates visible using a piece of middleware, but I can hard-code templates into a derived grade for now and we can discuss that later.
2017-02-09T15:59:23 <the-t-in-rtf> my gut feel is that it\'ll just be another generated JSON file hosted on the same site, just like the list of versions.
2017-02-09T15:59:31 <the-t-in-rtf> (the templates, I mean)
2017-02-09T16:00:00 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: thanks for sharing
2017-02-09T16:15:54 * kavya has quit
2017-02-09T16:19:03 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-09T16:28:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-09T16:29:04 <gtirloni> regarding infusion versions now, i noticed that when i `npm install` universal, i end up with 4 installs of infusion (it\'s half of the space used in node_modules). I was wondering if it makes sense to point everything to 3.0.0 or not
2017-02-09T16:29:30 <gtirloni> 1 x 2.0.0-dev.20151130T180545Z.18ee3f8, 1 x 3.0.0-dev.20170127T130413Z.103de6e and 3 x 2.0.0-dev.20161027T155641Z.0bcd507
2017-02-09T16:40:52 * kavya joined the channel
2017-02-09T16:52:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-09T16:57:40 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-09T17:01:51 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-09T17:09:14 * javjarfer has quit
2017-02-09T17:27:43 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-09T17:27:59 <danayo> Justin_o, jhung, lliskovoi  what do you think of this idea for disabled button styling in high contrast themes (no symbol, lighter border) ? https://files.inclusivedesign.ca/index.php/s/kcACyWAqp5hMHHu
2017-02-09T17:30:21 <jhung> danayo: interesting take on it, but it looks like a bug? I thought for a moment that the "-" just didn\'t render. :)
2017-02-09T17:32:16 <jhung> In the First Discovery tool, we used hash marks to denote a disabled button. Perhaps something like that can be used here danayo?
2017-02-09T17:33:18 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-09T17:33:29 <danayo> yeah jhung, i was never totally satisfied with that approach - seems to me it ends up highlighting the button / is distracting
2017-02-09T17:37:29 <jhung> danayo: was there any feedback given to that (First Discovery) style? I agree that it could be distracting, but perhaps there\'s a refinement that can be done? I quite like how it\'s obvious what the state is by looking at it\xe2\x80\xa6 but I agree that maybe it can be presented differently.
2017-02-09T17:37:44 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-09T17:39:30 <danayo> jhung: i dont\' think it got implemented in the formally tested version, i\'ll double-check, but I don\'t recall any feedback. i did try some different things - finer lines etc...i\'ll look back at what i did
2017-02-09T17:40:28 <jhung> danayo: ok. Even if we don\'t use that particular style, I find a blank button confusing. It\'s a mystery button that\'s begging to be poked. :)
2017-02-09T17:59:00 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-09T18:10:47 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-09T18:18:23 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-09T18:27:32 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-09T18:33:25 <Justin_o> danayo, jhung_away: sorry, just catching up
2017-02-09T18:33:56 <Justin_o> danayo: i agree with jhung_away that it does seem like something went wrong... i guess it\'s unexpected in a way.. or maybe i\'ll just think that the contrast was too low to work
2017-02-09T18:34:34 <michelled> jhernandez: it looks like you don\'t have the most up to date code from my pull request in the hst branch
2017-02-09T18:34:50 <michelled> I think we should update it, especially if we are going to be pulling out the snapsets
2017-02-09T18:35:00 <Justin_o> danayo: what do you think of not showing the button at all, when it is disabled
2017-02-09T18:35:01 <michelled> the updated code will make that task easier
2017-02-09T18:35:11 <Justin_o> danayo: although that might come with it\'s own issues
2017-02-09T18:35:38 <michelled> jhernandez: do you want me to make a pull request to the hst branch?
2017-02-09T18:35:50 <danayo> that might be best Justin_o. I also tried this https://files.inclusivedesign.ca/index.php/s/gZM4RVlPcBNoBQy
2017-02-09T18:36:09 <danayo> but not sure it\'s clear what\'s going on
2017-02-09T18:36:15 <danayo> also not sure about using %
2017-02-09T18:36:26 <danayo> as a minimum of 100% might be confusing Justin_o
2017-02-09T18:38:07 <Justin_o> danayo: so i kind of agree with your earlier statement about the lines drawing attention to it. It\'s definitely the first thing i look at.
2017-02-09T18:38:18 <danayo> yeah
2017-02-09T18:38:48 <Justin_o> danayo: part of the issue, is that the default value is going to have one of the buttons disabled, so the user won\'t necessarily get that change of state to indicated what\'s what
2017-02-09T18:38:53 <Justin_o> danayo: also, regarding %
2017-02-09T18:39:03 <Justin_o> danayo: currently our model uses 1 to 2 with steps of 0.1
2017-02-09T18:39:06 <Justin_o> so i\'ve left that for now
2017-02-09T18:39:13 <danayo> ok Justin_o
2017-02-09T18:39:22 <danayo> i think that\'s better
2017-02-09T18:39:25 <Justin_o> ah okay
2017-02-09T18:39:47 <danayo> but for this design, we\'ll need to have something like "1 X" in the text field Justin_o
2017-02-09T18:39:54 <danayo> 1.1 X, 1.2 X etc
2017-02-09T18:39:59 * kavya has quit
2017-02-09T18:40:12 <Justin_o> danayo: hmm.. okay.. i\'ll have to explore how to add that
2017-02-09T18:40:21 <danayo> ok
2017-02-09T18:40:40 <Justin_o> also, in your wireframes is the background actually black?
2017-02-09T18:40:54 <Justin_o> it looks a bit lighter than black
2017-02-09T18:41:04 <Justin_o> i can\'t quite tell thoug
2017-02-09T18:41:22 <Justin_o> but i think it at actually looks good
2017-02-09T18:48:10 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-09T18:51:02 <danayo> Justin_o: it\'s black, but there is a bit of an upward gradient to gray, to allow for the drop shadow on the show/hide bar
2017-02-09T18:51:23 <danayo> how are you viewing it?
2017-02-09T18:51:32 <danayo> it might be related to that too
2017-02-09T18:51:43 <Justin_o> i\'m looking at it on the web, i think it looks good actually
2017-02-09T18:51:58 <danayo> screenshot Justin_o ?
2017-02-09T18:52:09 <danayo> also, here\'s a version with disappearing button and "1X" etc https://files.inclusivedesign.ca/index.php/s/anranIWzzkwGu9D
2017-02-09T18:52:23 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-09T18:53:21 <danayo> oops I just realised we\'re in fluid-work Justin_o !
2017-02-09T18:53:27 <danayo> ah well
2017-02-09T18:53:39 <Justin_o> that\'s the reverse of what i did the other day ;)
2017-02-09T18:53:45 <danayo> I know! :)
2017-02-09T18:53:49 <danayo> revenge :D
2017-02-09T18:53:56 <Justin_o> danayo: i think the designs look good, jhung_away what do you think?
2017-02-09T18:53:58 <Justin_o> danayo: lol
2017-02-09T18:54:26 <danayo> we can switch to fluid-design Justin_o, jhung_away
2017-02-09T19:00:56 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-09T19:20:18 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-09T19:32:35 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-09T19:48:33 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-09T20:00:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-09T20:11:26 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-09T20:14:35 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-09T20:29:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-09T20:56:07 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-02-09T21:05:36 <jhernandez> michelled: just seen this
2017-02-09T21:06:33 <jhernandez> right, it\'s missing a few commits, will pull them tomorrow
2017-02-09T21:07:17 <jhernandez> in any case, I was going to keep them in sync as you make progress on your pull - so don\'t worry, we\'re not going to miss anything
2017-02-09T21:07:21 <jhernandez> ;)
2017-02-09T21:08:44 <michelled> thx jhernandez - when I got included on that email thread about getting rid of the snapsets from the menu, I realized that my improvements will make that task a *lot* easier. :)
2017-02-09T21:11:29 <jhernandez> michelled: yeah, you know, the more we can share between the two branches the best
2017-02-09T21:11:48 <jhernandez> and thanks for letting me know that there were some commits missing
2017-02-09T21:11:50 <jhernandez> :)
2017-02-09T21:11:51 <michelled> indeed!
2017-02-09T21:30:10 * yzen has quit
2017-02-09T21:34:08 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-09T22:19:22 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-09T22:20:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-09T22:46:31 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-09T22:59:03 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-09T23:07:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-09T23:26:25 * sirdancealot has quit
'

b'2017-02-09T00:11:02 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-09T00:15:49 * yzen has quit
2017-02-09T00:27:02 * stegru has quit
2017-02-09T00:29:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-09T01:10:44 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-09T02:34:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-09T02:34:09 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-09T02:58:08 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2017-02-09T03:01:19 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2017-02-09T03:03:23 * [o__o] joined the channel
2017-02-09T04:14:14 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-09T04:18:35 * yzen has quit
2017-02-09T04:50:58 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-09T06:15:49 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-09T06:20:28 * yzen has quit
2017-02-09T07:13:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-09T07:16:21 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-09T07:52:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-09T07:59:28 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-09T08:11:24 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-09T08:33:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-09T08:52:30 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-09T09:18:18 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-09T09:22:58 * yzen has quit
2017-02-09T09:47:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-09T10:03:15 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-09T10:07:38 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-09T10:07:44 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-09T10:09:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-09T10:09:40 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-09T10:48:46 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-09T11:16:35 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-09T11:26:31 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-09T11:59:32 * stegru has quit
2017-02-09T12:04:45 <gtirloni> is it correct to say that when one runs `node gpii.js` from the universal repository, it\'s looking at the gpii/configs folder for things to run?
2017-02-09T12:06:09 <gtirloni> right now our automation is out of sync when trying to run the prefs server, in some places it uses gpii/configs and in other places /gpii/node_modules/preferencesServer/configs
2017-02-09T12:06:38 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: ^
2017-02-09T12:08:44 <amatas> gtirloni, I guess so: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/index.js#L80-L81
2017-02-09T12:09:10 <gtirloni> ok, thanks
2017-02-09T12:09:31 <gtirloni> i\'m thinking we should point everything to /gpii/node_modules/preferencesServer/configs in the automation code
2017-02-09T12:10:00 <amatas> but then it merges the config with the preference server https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/configs/gpii.config.preferencesServer.standalone.production.json
2017-02-09T12:10:21 <gtirloni> oh, so it does that automatically if that file exists?
2017-02-09T12:11:19 <gtirloni> it seems the config file is selected through the NODE_ENV var, but i\'m not sure where that is looking for a filename
2017-02-09T12:11:20 <amatas> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/preferencesServer/configs/gpii.preferencesServer.config.production.json#L26
2017-02-09T12:11:46 * gtirloni is very confused about config files
2017-02-09T12:12:08 <gloob> welcome to the cub
2017-02-09T12:12:13 <gloob> s/cub/club
2017-02-09T12:12:28 <gloob> with NODE_ENV you override it
2017-02-09T12:12:29 <the-t-in-rtf> @amatas @gtirloni The mail server on the QI instance is not working: http://i-0044.tor1.inclusivedesign.ca/job/create-gpii-webdriver-vm/32/console
2017-02-09T12:12:45 <gtirloni> it seems we\'re running `node gpii.js` and setting NODE_ENV and that\'s it.. then it looks at gpii/configs dir..... but then we are updating  /gpii/node_modules/preferencesServer/config to set the couchdb url, etc.. and that\'s having zero effect
2017-02-09T12:12:45 <amatas> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/preferencesServer/README.md
2017-02-09T12:12:53 <amatas> gtirloni, ^
2017-02-09T12:13:01 <amatas> at the end of the file you have an example
2017-02-09T12:13:14 <gtirloni> i have read that 25 times and still don\'t know what\'s the preferred way :)
2017-02-09T12:13:20 <gloob> it depends of the architecture layout defined in kettle AFAIK
2017-02-09T12:14:22 <gtirloni> so it looks like we shouldn\'t be running it as `node gpii.js` like we do today.. we should run it as `NODE_ENV=gpii.preferencesServer.config.production node node_modules/kettle/lib/init.js gpii/node_modules/preferencesServer/configs/`
2017-02-09T12:14:27 <gloob> anyway I need to finish a presentation :( I cannot follow this conversation, sorry
2017-02-09T12:14:32 <gtirloni> gloob: np, thx
2017-02-09T12:17:55 <gtirloni> NODE_ENV=gpii.preferencesServer.config.production node node_modules/kettle/init.js gpii/node_modules/preferencesServer/configs
2017-02-09T12:18:09 <gtirloni> (it\'s `node_modules/kettle/init.js` without "lib")
2017-02-09T12:18:19 <amatas> perhaps the doc is outdated
2017-02-09T12:18:20 <gtirloni> i\'ll try this and forget about the folder gpii/configs  :)
2017-02-09T12:18:38 <amatas> Bosmon, ^
2017-02-09T12:19:03 <amatas> the-t-in-rtf, I\'ll check the mail server
2017-02-09T12:20:27 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-09T12:20:30 <gtirloni> amatas: jenkins should use svc-smtp-1.tor1.inclusivedesign.ca
2017-02-09T12:21:08 <amatas> that explains why there isn\'t a postfix running :D
2017-02-09T12:21:47 <gtirloni> :)
2017-02-09T12:21:51 <gtirloni> drift!!!
2017-02-09T12:22:58 <amatas> gtirloni, do you know if authentication is needed?
2017-02-09T12:23:00 <Bosmon> Sorry about the ancient README, guys
2017-02-09T12:23:01 <amatas> ssl?
2017-02-09T12:23:05 <gtirloni> amatas: it\'s not needed
2017-02-09T12:23:10 <Bosmon> Please issue a pull with any corrections you can think of
2017-02-09T12:24:28 <amatas> the-t-in-rtf, the mailing should work now
2017-02-09T12:24:35 * yzen has quit
2017-02-09T12:24:41 <the-t-in-rtf> thanks!
2017-02-09T12:25:55 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-02-09T12:36:18 <the-t-in-rtf> @amatas, I was following up on our chat where you said that I should be able to test multiple branches by changing the "source code management" settings of the parent test config.
2017-02-09T12:36:44 <the-t-in-rtf> When I open that configuration, I get connection failure issues polling the repo, as in "Failed to connect to repository : Error performing command: git ls-remote -h https://github.com/the-t-in-rtf/gpii-handlebars.git HEAD"
2017-02-09T12:37:17 <the-t-in-rtf> Also, the config is already set to build all branches, but only builds the one in my .qi.yml file
2017-02-09T12:51:27 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-09T13:04:59 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-09T13:31:55 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli - could I get you to look at a little pull for me at some point?
2017-02-09T13:32:00 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/798
2017-02-09T13:32:16 <Bosmon> Looks like Dinuka is unlikely to get to it and it would be nice to have it out of the way
2017-02-09T13:36:22 <cindyli> sure, Bosmon, will do
2017-02-09T13:39:23 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-09T13:54:18 <amatas> sorry the-t-in-rtf I was afk
2017-02-09T13:54:48 <amatas> which branch didn\'t build?
2017-02-09T13:54:58 <the-t-in-rtf> anyone other than the one in the file.
2017-02-09T13:56:56 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, confirming now.  Looks like it monitors all branches for changes, but only tests the hard-coded branch.
2017-02-09T13:57:26 <amatas> let me have a look
2017-02-09T13:57:54 <the-t-in-rtf> No, looks like you\'re right.  It may have been that parts were down the last time I updated a different branch.
2017-02-09T13:58:22 <the-t-in-rtf> Looks like it\'s actually trying to test the particular commit: http://i-0044.tor1.inclusivedesign.ca/job/gpii-handlebars-tests/54/console
2017-02-09T13:59:07 <the-t-in-rtf> although the only place you can know what branch is being built is in console output.
2017-02-09T13:59:32 <the-t-in-rtf> With travis you get a repository overview and tabs per branch, which kind of spoiled me.
2017-02-09T14:00:14 <the-t-in-rtf> still seeing NPEs in the parent job.
2017-02-09T14:00:19 <the-t-in-rtf> Is that normal now?
2017-02-09T14:01:54 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:06:22 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:11:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:15:40 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:20:45 <amatas> I think it\'s normal, as the build #54 is still running http://i-0044.tor1.inclusivedesign.ca/job/gpii-handlebars-tests/54/
2017-02-09T14:26:01 <the-t-in-rtf> @amatas that makes no sense.  I still see the NPEs for completed jobs.
2017-02-09T14:28:22 <amatas> could you paste a link of a completed job with NPEs?
2017-02-09T14:35:36 * kavya joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:42:29 <the-t-in-rtf> really?
2017-02-09T14:42:30 <the-t-in-rtf> http://i-0044.tor1.inclusivedesign.ca/job/gpii-handlebars-tests/53/console
2017-02-09T14:42:43 <the-t-in-rtf> http://i-0044.tor1.inclusivedesign.ca/job/gpii-handlebars-tests/52/console
2017-02-09T14:42:57 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:42:59 <the-t-in-rtf> http://i-0044.tor1.inclusivedesign.ca/job/gpii-handlebars-tests/51/console
2017-02-09T14:43:01 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-09T14:43:02 <the-t-in-rtf> I can keep going.
2017-02-09T14:43:26 <the-t-in-rtf> This is not new, IIRC it happens often when things are restarted.
2017-02-09T14:43:34 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:43:42 <the-t-in-rtf> @amatas^^^
2017-02-09T14:44:29 <amatas> the-t-in-rtf, sorry I missunderstood what NPE means
2017-02-09T14:45:20 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s OK, I should have spelled it out.
2017-02-09T14:45:33 <the-t-in-rtf> I think @gtirloni fixed it last time, whatever he had to do.
2017-02-09T14:45:44 <the-t-in-rtf> You guys also had to fix the mail server last time IIRC.
2017-02-09T14:45:56 <the-t-in-rtf> (but you\'ve done that this time)
2017-02-09T14:46:39 <the-t-in-rtf> I mention it because I\'m reluctant to keep putting in builds while the NullPointerException stuff is still going on.
2017-02-09T14:46:58 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'d rather be more confident that odd behavior is my fault\xe2\x80\xa6 ;)
2017-02-09T14:47:48 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:48:28 <amatas> the-t-in-rtf, sorry, I understand
2017-02-09T14:48:58 <amatas> let me check the errors, seems that the plugins dependencies are broken
2017-02-09T14:52:11 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:57:29 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:58:09 <Bosmon> cindyli - another little one for you :)
2017-02-09T14:58:10 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/808
2017-02-09T14:58:20 <cindyli> ok, Bosmon
2017-02-09T14:58:20 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-02-09T14:58:20 * jessm joined the channel
2017-02-09T14:59:40 <Bosmon> cindyli - thanks so much for the merge earlier :)
2017-02-09T14:59:50 <cindyli> anytime :)
2017-02-09T15:01:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon, the-t-in-rtf, simonjb, jhung, fluid-everyone:  the Infusion-Docs deployment meeting is set to start now
2017-02-09T15:01:58 <gtirloni> Justin_o: fluid_standup?
2017-02-09T15:02:09 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i guess that should work
2017-02-09T15:02:14 <gtirloni> ok thanks
2017-02-09T15:02:40 <Justin_o> i\'m just finishing up another meeting, but will be there in a minute or two
2017-02-09T15:04:09 <Justin_o> gtirloni: odd, i can\'t connect to fluid-standup were you able to?
2017-02-09T15:04:23 <gtirloni> Justin_o: yep. jon simon and tony there
2017-02-09T15:04:38 <Justin_o> it just opened for me
2017-02-09T15:06:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-09T15:06:49 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-09T15:31:50 <amatas> the-t-in-rtf, seems that an upgrade of some plugins of Jenkins is needed, but I need to be careful because there are some caveats in the upgrade process of each plugin
2017-02-09T15:33:22 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, just let me know when it\'s safe to test again.
2017-02-09T15:33:37 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-02-09T15:36:45 <amatas> ok
'

