b"2017-11-28T20:47:11 <Justin_o> when you make changes to your preferences using the adjusters
2017-11-28T20:47:29 <Justin_o> but yes, i think UIO+ can have a different privacy policy than GPII, at least for now.
2017-11-28T20:47:35 <colinclark> great
2017-11-28T20:48:12 <Justin_o> i'm just not clear if we can use an existing one from another open source project
2017-11-28T20:48:24 <colinclark> what are you not clear on?
2017-11-28T20:49:02 <Justin_o> i've just been skimming around, but they seem more specific to website usage
2017-11-28T20:49:13 <Justin_o> things that we may not be doing, and not sure if it covers what we do, do
2017-11-28T20:49:19 <Justin_o> if that makes sense
2017-11-28T20:49:49 <Justin_o> we can probably just edit it, but i'm not sure what the legal ramifications are
2017-11-28T20:50:06 <colinclark> Justin_o: It sounds like it would appropriate to discuss this off-channel
2017-11-28T20:50:24 <Justin_o> colinclark: sure
2017-11-28T20:52:43 * colinclark has quit
2017-11-28T20:52:50 <Justin_o> colinclark: also just for interests sake, i didn't  realize generators for privacy policies was a thing https://digital.com/blog/best-privacy-policy-generators/
2017-11-28T21:01:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T21:07:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T21:12:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T21:22:48 <gloob> kavya_: hi
2017-11-28T21:25:09 <gloob> kavya_: when I want to create a pristine windows 10 box I download the iso from here https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/software-download/windows10ISO
2017-11-28T21:26:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-28T21:57:50 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-28T22:02:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T22:06:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T22:06:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T22:06:39 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-28T22:12:24 * kavya_ has quit
2017-11-28T22:15:00 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-28T22:15:00 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-28T22:23:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T22:51:20 * amatas has quit
2017-11-28T22:54:47 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-28T23:18:32 * stegru has quit
2017-11-28T23:24:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-28T23:24:38 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-28T23:36:01 * kasparnet has quit
"

b'2017-11-28T11:46:27 <the-t-in-rtf> either that or hashicorp is down.
2017-11-28T11:46:59 <the-t-in-rtf> Looks like 26 is the oldest available.
2017-11-28T11:48:52 <kasparnet_> the-t-in-rtf, but the branch specifies that as well, htough
2017-11-28T11:48:53 <kasparnet_> https://github.com/kaspermarkus/universal/blob/GPII-2655/Vagrantfile#L28
2017-11-28T11:49:16 <kasparnet_> did you checkout my GPII-2655 branch?
2017-11-28T11:49:19 <the-t-in-rtf> shit, checkout out the repo but not the branch.
2017-11-28T11:49:22 <the-t-in-rtf> checked out
2017-11-28T11:50:14 <the-t-in-rtf> great, running the tests locally to see if I can reproduce.
2017-11-28T11:50:20 <the-t-in-rtf> Has anyone already done that recently?
2017-11-28T11:51:16 <kasparnet_> I havent after fedora 26
2017-11-28T12:03:22 <kasparnet_> the-t-in-rtf, Bosmon: it passed after issuing an "ok to test"
2017-11-28T12:04:07 <the-t-in-rtf> It passed for me unaltered.
2017-11-28T12:04:13 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - horrific
2017-11-28T12:04:31 <kasparnet_> indeed
2017-11-28T12:05:06 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, do we have some place that this is reproducible where we can try things?
2017-11-28T12:05:19 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - it has only ever been reproduced once
2017-11-28T12:05:22 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'d like to see if the tests also fail when run outside the host directory.
2017-11-28T12:05:24 <Bosmon> We will have to make do with that log : P
2017-11-28T12:05:49 <the-t-in-rtf> I guess like anything else we make note of it and deal with it if it comes up more often.
2017-11-28T12:06:14 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, if it fails when you rerun the tests at least you have some hope of gradually tracking it down.
2017-11-28T12:08:06 <kasparnet_> well, I mean, not to brag, but I dont think it\'s a coincidence that the only time that it happens is from my code -- think those kind of destructive skills are unique and something only us vikings are capable of
2017-11-28T12:08:25 <Bosmon> Yes, that\'s correct
2017-11-28T12:08:40 <Bosmon> When someone\'s head is lopped off, it\'s always best to blame a Viking
2017-11-28T12:11:41 * kasparnet_ will now proudly go to lunch, proudly reminiscing about the compliments given by GPII\'s British spokesperson
2017-11-28T12:12:32 <kasparnet_> YES, i do realize there are two "proudly"s in there, but vikings arent exactly known for their rhetorical skills
2017-11-28T12:58:23 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-28T12:58:43 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-28T13:24:29 <kasparnet_> Bosmon, do you know if there is a decision on what to do if a common term affects two solutions with diffferent liveness
2017-11-28T13:25:24 <kasparnet_> e.g. one can update settings live, whereas the other requires a restart... what should the PCP show?
2017-11-28T13:25:39 <kasparnet_> or even worse, one can be applied live, the other requires the OS to be restarted
2017-11-28T13:28:28 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-11-28T13:33:32 <gmoss> Thanks the-t-in-rtf for your feedback re nodemailer! I have a few things to sort out with my selection algorithm before I get to testing the mailer I\'ve set up, but it\'s encouraging to see you\'ve used it in the past
2017-11-28T13:34:53 <the-t-in-rtf> I started using it in a test project many moons ago, we could stand to do a full technical review including requirements gathering.
2017-11-28T13:36:43 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - well, for the time being this is resolved by our "matchmaker bug" isn\'t it
2017-11-28T13:37:04 <Bosmon> In that the PCP displays a separate control for each solution referenced by the same common term
2017-11-28T13:39:21 <Bosmon> But I imagine in the fulness of time if this happens we will send the control the lowest of all the liveness levels
2017-11-28T13:40:52 <kasparnet_> well, it only shows separate controls if the preferences set has the settings like that
2017-11-28T13:41:04 <kasparnet_> so for example, for the snapset_1c
2017-11-28T13:41:24 <kasparnet_> the payload sent to the PCP will just be common terms at top level
2017-11-28T13:41:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how does this look for the remoteModel component.. I\'ve added in some extra events to use as hooks before and after the requestInFlight is set.
2017-11-28T13:41:44 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/CXtya3MX/
2017-11-28T13:42:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i haven\'t written new tests yet, but at least the old ones still pass.
2017-11-28T13:42:19 <kasparnet_> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/561/files/44fb0dc72d2d880ebf07616ac945deb760ee7570#diff-4ebbf20327c4d6287c7d4625a124805fR45
2017-11-28T13:43:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - better than I expected : P
2017-11-28T13:43:47 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - yes
2017-11-28T13:44:17 <kasparnet_> so I would have to deal with it now as I see it
2017-11-28T13:44:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) i\'ll carry on with that then and try to write some tests
2017-11-28T13:47:14 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-11-28T13:48:12 <kasparnet_> Bosmon, which means scanning the solutions registry (and each settingsHandler block for the solutions) for a given common term, then taking the lowest liveness level found
2017-11-28T14:03:14 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-11-28T14:10:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:11:17 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:11:24 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - well, only for the solutions which are activated by the matchmaker
2017-11-28T14:11:28 <Bosmon> Which you would have to scan anyway
2017-11-28T14:13:03 <kasparnet_> yeah
2017-11-28T14:13:06 <kasparnet_> coolio
2017-11-28T14:19:24 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:20:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:23:49 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:32:00 <Bosmon> Hey there kasparnet_ - coming to PCP meeting?
2017-11-28T14:32:19 * kavya joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:32:45 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:33:01 <kasparnet_> argh yes
2017-11-28T14:42:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:47:55 <jhung> fluid-everyone: the design crit will start in 12 minutes and we will not have access to the collaboration room. So we will have to login from our stations.
2017-11-28T14:48:26 <jhung> today we are talking about the Learning Differences entry for the Inclusive Learning Design Handbook: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1X8V1yLR3Qga_LENFW8KZd3b-93ibNEKXQDQiWcWfaDk/edit#
2017-11-28T14:49:57 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:51:15 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:52:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:52:40 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-28T14:56:30 <gmoss> jhung: omw in, TTC delays means I\'ll miss the beginning
2017-11-28T14:56:48 <jhung> no prob gmoss
2017-11-28T15:01:06 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-28T15:01:49 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-28T15:03:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T15:18:08 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-11-28T15:48:38 <Bosmon> Wow kasparnet_
2017-11-28T15:48:50 <Bosmon> YOu can\'t imagine how pleased I am to see the whole of UserUpdate.js deleted wholesale :)
2017-11-28T15:49:00 <kasparnet_> :D
2017-11-28T15:49:14 <kasparnet_> finally
2017-11-28T15:50:51 <Bosmon> very, very, very, very good
2017-11-28T15:50:57 <Bosmon> Actual tests that actually test that stuff is updated : P
2017-11-28T15:51:02 <Bosmon> We\'ve been waiting for this only 5 years :)
2017-11-28T15:51:09 <kasparnet_> hahaha
2017-11-28T15:51:19 <kasparnet_> better late than never
2017-11-28T15:54:45 <Bosmon> You\'re such a crappy Viking
2017-11-28T15:54:53 <kasparnet_> hahaha
2017-11-28T15:54:54 <Bosmon> Don\'t you realise that when you destroy stuff it is meant to stay destroyed? : P
2017-11-28T15:55:08 <Bosmon> You\'re not meant to destroy stuff and then replace it with stuff that is far better and actually works
2017-11-28T15:55:47 <kasparnet_> Well, I to be honest I\'m under a lot of pressure from foreign powers (US, Canada and UK to name some) to actually make stuff that works
2017-11-28T15:57:16 <kasparnet_> I try to excuse my behavior when talking to other vikings in my everyday life, but my lack of destruction is starting to take it\'s toll on my repuration here in denmark
2017-11-28T16:09:19 <michelled> fluid-everyone: we will have the IDRC planning meeting at 11:30
2017-11-28T16:30:31 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-28T16:31:32 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning is starting soon
2017-11-28T16:47:18 * avtar joined the channel
2017-11-28T16:52:28 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-28T16:53:24 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ , dandimitrov , yuriy__ - Kaspar\'s GPII-2655 branch is now gloriously merged, so you may continue with rebasing against master
2017-11-28T16:53:46 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-28T16:53:59 <kasparnet_> weeeee, thanks, Bosmon
2017-11-28T16:54:13 <dandimitrov> Great to hear that Bosmon!
2017-11-28T17:14:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-28T17:35:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T17:44:59 * kavya_ joined the channel
2017-11-28T17:49:35 * kavya has quit
2017-11-28T17:52:53 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-28T18:07:41 <cindyli> amatas, Bosmon, jhernandez, kasparnet/kasparnet_: can you fill up this doodle when you have a chance - https://doodle.com/poll/wpsharfqz8zh97u6
2017-11-28T18:07:41 <cindyli> thanks
2017-11-28T18:08:14 <kavya_> gloob: Hi Ale
2017-11-28T18:09:47 <kavya_> I want to setup vm\'s for testing..could you give me the link to download vm\'s windows 10
2017-11-28T18:33:26 <dandimitrov> Bosmon, could you point us to a user (token) with multiple preference sets which we could use? We\'ve been using {https://github.com/amb26/universal/blob/GPII-2383/testData/preferences/acceptanceTests/context1.json} by altering the node module locally (copying the file to its parent folder - "preferences/") so that it is possible to keyIn with that user. But this is one reason to have our tests failing in builds as they depend on an unexisting
2017-11-28T18:33:26 <dandimitrov> in the untweaked module file...
2017-11-28T18:34:08 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-28T18:38:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-28T18:39:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-28T18:40:23 <Bosmon> kasparnet - do you know one?
2017-11-28T18:40:54 <Bosmon> Or course this is just another incentive to rationalise our preferences structure .... didn\'t you mostly have a pull ready about that?
2017-11-28T18:43:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-28T18:56:58 <alanharnum> Bosmon, Justin_o, simonjb others - comment on the following appreciated: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6231
2017-11-28T18:57:37 <alanharnum> I think an option of https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/PromisesAPI.html#fluidpromisefiretransformeventevent-payload-options isn\'t correctly documented
2017-11-28T18:58:21 <alanharnum> which is to say, I believe the description in the doc of how filterNamespaces works is actually the reverse of how it does work
2017-11-28T18:59:29 <alanharnum> I haven\'t used fireTransformEvent before I was looking at it yesterday, so want to make sure I\'m not misunderstanding something
2017-11-28T19:14:18 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-28T19:17:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-28T19:57:14 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-28T20:05:11 * mrtyler has quit
2017-11-28T20:06:39 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-28T20:25:27 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'ve updated that WP UIO jQuery issue with what we talked about. https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-498
2017-11-28T20:27:50 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-11-28T20:40:22 <Justin_o> colinclark: do we have a privacy policy? I\'m not sure if it\'s required, but it\'s something they ask to be linked to for publishing the chrome extension
2017-11-28T20:42:34 <colinclark> ah
2017-11-28T20:42:35 <colinclark> well
2017-11-28T20:42:37 <colinclark> no :)
2017-11-28T20:42:40 <colinclark> but we should make one
2017-11-28T20:43:03 <colinclark> if you ask Gregg, you will get embroiled in quite a discussion of international policy making
2017-11-28T20:43:13 <colinclark> but I think there\'s probably a reasonable open source privacy policy we could adopt
2017-11-28T20:43:15 <mrtyler> haha
2017-11-28T20:44:12 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, poking around, but i wonder if we\'ll need something specific in relation to preferences
2017-11-28T20:44:22 <colinclark> we will
2017-11-28T20:44:33 <colinclark> but that\'s somewhat orthogonal to what you\'re publishing right now, I think :0
2017-11-28T20:44:37 <colinclark> :)
2017-11-28T20:44:54 <colinclark> the GPII certainly needs one that is quite unique
2017-11-28T20:45:07 <colinclark> but you, you don\'t store preferences :)
2017-11-28T20:45:42 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-28T20:45:57 <Justin_o> well.. sort of... the plugin will remember them, but they aren\'t sent anywhere
2017-11-28T20:46:03 <colinclark> right
2017-11-28T20:46:06 <Justin_o> i suppose at some point it may write back to GPII
2017-11-28T20:46:09 <Justin_o> but it doesn\'t at the moment
2017-11-28T20:46:27 <colinclark> the point I\'m making is that UIO+, for now, can have its own privacy policy
2017-11-28T20:46:32 <Justin_o> but it can consume your preferences from GPII, or from your actions
2017-11-28T20:46:41 <colinclark> what does that mean, actions?
'

b'2017-11-28T00:06:59 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-28T00:45:47 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-28T01:06:31 * Bosmon9 has quit
2017-11-28T02:40:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-28T03:41:14 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-28T05:07:37 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-28T08:47:41 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-11-28T08:51:48 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-28T08:52:56 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-28T09:06:59 <the-t-in-rtf> @gmoss, I have used nodemailer in various scripts, and have a mail test project that could conceivably be evolved for reuse.
2017-11-28T09:29:35 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-28T09:51:43 * stegru has quit
2017-11-28T09:56:11 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-28T09:57:30 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ :)
2017-11-28T09:57:53 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-28T09:58:48 <kasparnet_> morning Bosmon
2017-11-28T09:59:35 <Bosmon> Hey there, morning :)
2017-11-28T09:59:44 <Bosmon> I was thinking we should try to integrate your branch soon
2017-11-28T09:59:47 <Bosmon> How is it doing?
2017-11-28T10:01:17 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-28T10:03:58 <kasparnet_> Bosmon, I hadn\xc3\xb8t noticed the comment from georgi, but I can address that quickly now
2017-11-28T10:04:09 <Bosmon> awesome
2017-11-28T10:04:11 <kasparnet_> otherwise it\'s ready to go as far as i know
2017-11-28T10:04:19 <Bosmon> Ok
2017-11-28T10:04:29 <Bosmon> I guess I\'ll use that for basing my errors stuff on
2017-11-28T10:04:42 <kasparnet_> there is some related work (i.e. fixing the *enabled stuff), but that should be done in a different pull
2017-11-28T10:05:04 <Bosmon> ok
2017-11-28T10:05:40 <Bosmon> Here\'s the PSP testing schedule from Whitney:
2017-11-28T10:05:46 <Bosmon> Friday, Dec 1 by noon ET - first view that we can play with, even if it\xe2\x80\x99s still getting final touches.
2017-11-28T10:05:46 <Bosmon> Wednesday, Dec 6 by end of day ET - version we will start testing with first thing in the morning on Dec 8
2017-11-28T10:06:23 <Bosmon> I\'ll be out of action Friday and Monday although I could take care of some stuff over the weekend
2017-11-28T10:16:08 <kasparnet_> Bosmon, I\'ve updated the pull now
2017-11-28T10:16:23 <Bosmon> Awesome kasparnet_, I\'ll take a look
2017-11-28T10:16:50 <kasparnet_> Bosmon, so what should I work on now? I guess the *enabled stuff is ok to wait, since they\'re no longer part of the NP set
2017-11-28T10:17:27 <Bosmon> Hmm... I\'m sure I was dreaming there was something pretty urgent ....
2017-11-28T10:17:27 <kasparnet_> (i mean, I have plenty of stuff to work on - but wrt the PCP :) )
2017-11-28T10:18:10 <Bosmon> Oh yes
2017-11-28T10:18:22 <kasparnet_> ... the suspsense
2017-11-28T10:18:29 <kasparnet_> suspense*
2017-11-28T10:18:31 <Bosmon> We should get the solutions registry into shape
2017-11-28T10:18:37 <Bosmon> With things like "liveness"
2017-11-28T10:19:02 <Bosmon> Here is what I pasted to the Astea team a while back
2017-11-28T10:19:09 <Bosmon> The PCP API will encode the liveness of settings update with an extra field in the "settingControls" block alongside "value" and "schema"
2017-11-28T10:19:09 <Bosmon> This will be called "liveness" and be a string with one of the following values:
2017-11-28T10:19:09 <Bosmon> "live", "liveRestart", "manualRestart", "OSRestart"
2017-11-28T10:19:09 <Bosmon> Next to these there will be a boolean flag "memory": true/false annotating those settings   - until the flag is implemented, assume the value "true"
2017-11-28T10:19:49 <Bosmon> I guess this is roughly a similar level of urgency to "enabled" but slightly higher since Gregg will ask about it shortly
2017-11-28T10:20:01 <Bosmon> That is, whether we can at least pass along these flags if they WERE encoded in the registry
2017-11-28T10:20:08 <Bosmon> Or the preference set
2017-11-28T10:20:14 <Bosmon> Or wherever they should be encoded : P
2017-11-28T10:21:36 <kasparnet_> so, i think we at some point decided that the "liveness" of a setting would depend on the settingshandler
2017-11-28T10:21:48 <kasparnet_> i.e. all settings within a settingshandler block would have the same liveness
2017-11-28T10:22:02 <Bosmon> Yes, that seems correct
2017-11-28T10:22:09 <kasparnet_> so in other words, this should live at the top level of a settingshandler entry in the solutions registry
2017-11-28T10:22:16 <Bosmon> So we have a fairly tough job working back from there to something we can report to the PSP
2017-11-28T10:22:28 <Bosmon> Given we need to run even more of your "mini-matchmaker" in reverse
2017-11-28T10:23:28 <kasparnet_> yeah, seems like it
2017-11-28T10:23:39 <Bosmon> So, that sounds pretty urgent to me :)
2017-11-28T10:25:29 <kasparnet_> yup, I\'ll get started on that then
2017-11-28T10:26:09 <Bosmon> awesome!
2017-11-28T10:26:15 <kasparnet_> in terms of actually supporting this stuff in the backend, I think we need to merge this: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/507 ... since a good chunk of that relates to more intelligently deciding what to do when starting and updating solutions
2017-11-28T10:26:45 <kasparnet_> (i.e. seeing if it\'s already running, killing it before applying settings, etc)
2017-11-28T10:27:28 <kasparnet_> so in the above description what does the "memory" flag do?
2017-11-28T10:27:39 <kasparnet_> and also, what does "liveRestart" signify
2017-11-28T10:27:57 <kasparnet_> and finally, do you know if there is a JIRA for this?
2017-11-28T10:29:39 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ - a very very old one :)
2017-11-28T10:30:38 <Bosmon> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-871
2017-11-28T10:30:48 <Bosmon> and https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-631
2017-11-28T10:31:20 <kasparnet_> wow - impressive
2017-11-28T10:31:32 <Bosmon> "liveRestart" means that it is something like the magnifier that requires a restart but we expect the restart to be so quick and low-impact that it can be done directly by the PSP, but not so fast that it can be done at framerate whilst dragging
2017-11-28T10:32:26 <kasparnet_> ok, and manual reastart would then be that the PCP just updates the setting and lets the user turn the thing on and off manually?
2017-11-28T10:33:56 <Bosmon> Well, manual restart means that the PSP goes into that new workflow that UX dropped the wireframes for a couple of weeks ago
2017-11-28T10:35:57 <kasparnet_> ok
2017-11-28T10:37:21 <kasparnet_> and finally, the memory flag?
2017-11-28T10:37:30 <Bosmon> https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FfgVJGJdSlIZdEMy_i4n9KdO0OyQZ8DAiwI1uP_cY9M/edit
2017-11-28T10:37:46 <Bosmon> Yes, the memory flag will likely be easier, since it will be encoded in the preference set
2017-11-28T10:37:53 <Bosmon> But we just need to do it, and pass it along
2017-11-28T10:38:11 <Bosmon> In theory we were going to use the "metadata" block we had already designed for this, but we could reconsider
2017-11-28T10:39:38 <kasparnet_> so i guess that\'d be a per setting thing
2017-11-28T10:39:40 <Bosmon> Although we don\'t have room to encode it in the current preference document structure directly, since I remember we made the decision a while ago not to explode this out to a sub-path "value"
2017-11-28T10:39:44 <kasparnet_> (or per-preference thing)
2017-11-28T10:39:47 <Bosmon> Yes
2017-11-28T10:40:17 <kasparnet_> in that case, I think it makes sense to have in the metadata
2017-11-28T10:40:21 <Bosmon> So we should decide whether to go ahead with that, or make a big revision to the preference set structure, including stuff like moving the ontologies inside etc.
2017-11-28T10:40:23 <Bosmon> Ok
2017-11-28T10:40:47 <Bosmon> That then means we need some code in the PCPChannel to hoik it out and write it into one of these "settingsControl" blocks
2017-11-28T10:40:59 * dandimitrov_ is now known as dandimitrov
2017-11-28T10:41:02 <kasparnet_> yup
2017-11-28T10:41:38 <kasparnet_> so what settings are actually memorable?
2017-11-28T10:41:46 <kasparnet_> as in who decides it, and why those?
2017-11-28T10:41:49 <Bosmon> Well, all of them currently :)
2017-11-28T10:41:59 <Bosmon> So this seems like a lower priority task than the other one
2017-11-28T10:42:07 <kasparnet_> yeah
2017-11-28T10:42:18 <Bosmon> But I imagine "the person who has a PMT" or "the person who authors a preference set" decides this
2017-11-28T10:42:31 <kasparnet_> ok - i\'ll get started on the liveness stuff first then
2017-11-28T10:42:33 <Bosmon> This is all some ways off I imagine
2017-11-28T10:42:43 <kasparnet_> yeah, that makes sense
2017-11-28T10:42:54 <Bosmon> Awkward that the less urgent task is easier, but that\'s often how it falls out : P
2017-11-28T10:43:09 <kasparnet_> yeah, I was just about to say "well, then we dont have to actually implement support for it for a couple of years" :)
2017-11-28T10:44:40 <Bosmon> Well, it may turn out that someone decides to make one of the prefabricated snapsets with a non-remembered setting.... who knows ....
2017-11-28T10:45:09 <Bosmon> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gmk4PfuiPVY&feature=youtu.be&t=66
2017-11-28T10:52:00 <kasparnet_> haha, that\'s great
2017-11-28T10:53:06 <Bosmon> :)
2017-11-28T10:55:38 <kasparnet_> haven\'t seen black adder in a looong time
2017-11-28T11:02:01 <the-t-in-rtf> Oh, that was excellent.
2017-11-28T11:02:25 <the-t-in-rtf> I wonder if they still play Black Adder in the loos at the Chop Houses in Cambridge.
2017-11-28T11:03:42 <the-t-in-rtf> Who gave you permission to turn into an Alsatian?
2017-11-28T11:19:21 <Bosmon> hahahaha
2017-11-28T11:19:35 <Bosmon> Mysteriously your branch has a test failure in "PouchManger", kasparnet_
2017-11-28T11:19:44 <Bosmon> I guess we should just run it again
2017-11-28T11:19:54 <Bosmon> Have you ever seen anything like this, the-t-in-rtf?
2017-11-28T11:19:59 <Bosmon> https://ci.gpii.net/job/universal-node-tests/589/consoleFull
2017-11-28T11:20:14 <Bosmon> at process._tickCallback (internal/process/next_tick.js:180:9)
2017-11-28T11:20:15 <Bosmon> "{\\"error\\":\\"OpenError\\",\\"reason\\":\\"IO error: /tmp/pouchManagerTests/auth-mrview-741bdff0af747c82999e48c794f86d77/LOCK: No such file or directory\\"}\
"
2017-11-28T11:20:15 <Bosmon> (node:7119) MaxListenersExceededWarning: Possible EventEmitter memory leak detected. 251 destroyed listeners added. Use emitter.setMaxListeners() to increase limit
2017-11-28T11:23:43 <kasparnet_> Bosmon, ... hmm, that\'s odd
2017-11-28T11:25:19 <kasparnet_> I take it that rerunning it wont affect the log 589?!
2017-11-28T11:26:55 <the-t-in-rtf> For starters, the stack trace has two grimacing faces on my screen, which is actually what you\'d like from error output.  :\\
2017-11-28T11:27:14 <Bosmon> kasparnet_ ?
2017-11-28T11:27:42 <the-t-in-rtf> Seems like a timing error, the more aggressive cleanup finishing before express-pouchdb or pouchdb get to that point themselves.
2017-11-28T11:29:43 <the-t-in-rtf> We explicitly set the maxListeners to 250, it\'s just barely over the limit.
2017-11-28T11:29:47 <the-t-in-rtf> Might need to update that.
2017-11-28T11:29:56 <the-t-in-rtf> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-pouchdb/blob/master/src/js/pouch-express.js#L39
2017-11-28T11:33:14 <the-t-in-rtf> Can I get a link to the test that results in that output?  I\'d like to look at the testEnvironment, etc. and confirm my theory about the cleanup strategy.
2017-11-28T11:33:36 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon ^^^
2017-11-28T11:34:30 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - it\'s this pull of kasparent\'s: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/561
2017-11-28T11:35:27 <Bosmon> Most likely this test: https://github.com/kaspermarkus/universal/blob/67fd0796722ba1acc40594a3d965796cf07bc0e6/gpii/node_modules/pouchManager/test/pouchManagerTests.js
2017-11-28T11:37:58 <the-t-in-rtf> Actually, I think it\'s trying to open a lock on a directory that\'s already been cleaned.
2017-11-28T11:38:18 <the-t-in-rtf> You can see it trying again after the cleanup completes (with an error).
2017-11-28T11:38:26 <the-t-in-rtf> 10:30:07.869:  Cleanup error:{
2017-11-28T11:38:26 <the-t-in-rtf> 
2017-11-28T11:38:26 <the-t-in-rtf> }
2017-11-28T11:38:26 <the-t-in-rtf> 10:30:07.869:  Database cleanup complete
2017-11-28T11:38:26 <the-t-in-rtf> 10:30:07.870:  pouch component error:IO error: /tmp/pouchManagerTests/auth-mrview-741bdff0af747c82999e48c794f86d77/LOCK: No such file or directory
2017-11-28T11:41:45 <the-t-in-rtf> Does it also happen on anyone\'s local machine?
2017-11-28T11:42:23 <Bosmon> I\'ve not observed it before
2017-11-28T11:42:24 <the-t-in-rtf> with or without vagrant?
2017-11-28T11:45:48 <the-t-in-rtf> Tonys-MacBook-Pro:universal.kasper duhrer$ vagrant up
2017-11-28T11:45:48 <the-t-in-rtf> Bringing machine \'default\' up with \'virtualbox\' provider...
2017-11-28T11:45:48 <the-t-in-rtf> ==> default: Box \'inclusivedesign/fedora24\' could not be found. Attempting to find and install...
2017-11-28T11:45:48 <the-t-in-rtf> default: Box Provider: virtualbox
2017-11-28T11:45:48 <the-t-in-rtf> default: Box Version: >= 0
2017-11-28T11:45:48 <the-t-in-rtf> The box \'inclusivedesign/fedora24\' could not be found or
2017-11-28T11:45:48 <the-t-in-rtf> could not be accessed in the remote catalog. If this is a private
2017-11-28T11:45:49 <the-t-in-rtf> box on HashiCorp\'s Atlas, please verify you\'re logged in via
2017-11-28T11:45:49 <the-t-in-rtf> `vagrant login`. Also, please double-check the name. The expanded
2017-11-28T11:45:50 <the-t-in-rtf> URL and error message are shown below:
2017-11-28T11:45:51 <the-t-in-rtf> URL: ["https://atlas.hashicorp.com/inclusivedesign/fedora24"]
2017-11-28T11:45:51 <the-t-in-rtf> Error: The requested URL returned error: 404 Not Found
2017-11-28T11:46:06 <the-t-in-rtf> So.  Looks like anyone who doesn\'t already have the box can\'t possibly run the tests in Vagrant.
'

