b'2017-03-01T22:31:28 <alanharnum> OK, so this is the first time we\'ve tried to visualize components defined only server-side, so it\'s possible this hasn\'t been an issue that surfaced before?
2017-03-01T22:31:48 <Bosmon> Well sure, I only got this stuff working last week : P
2017-03-01T22:31:51 <alanharnum> of course
2017-03-01T22:31:58 <Bosmon> The only tests I had done are the ones that the internal demo performs
2017-03-01T22:32:11 <Bosmon> Which just visualises a collection of random context checker grades and the "sample model components"
2017-03-01T22:32:13 <alanharnum> just trying to eliminate the possibility (which simonjb raised) that something about the Nexus the visualizer was relying on had changed
2017-03-01T22:32:16 <Bosmon> Did you run that bit of the demo?
2017-03-01T22:32:20 <simonjb> we have some details to fix up but it\'s great to see it working
2017-03-01T22:32:27 <alanharnum> yeah it\'s really cool
2017-03-01T22:32:47 <simonjb> I can plug in a sensor, see the sensor and relay product
2017-03-01T22:32:52 <Bosmon> Oh wow
2017-03-01T22:32:53 <Bosmon> Brilliant
2017-03-01T22:32:53 <simonjb> and see the collector model updating
2017-03-01T22:32:57 <alanharnum> yeah it\'s awesome
2017-03-01T22:33:04 <alanharnum> it required a bit of hacking but it\'s really great to see
2017-03-01T22:33:05 <simonjb> want to see a demo on vidyo?
2017-03-01T22:33:09 <Bosmon> Well I\'ll make the 1-line fix tonight that removes the need your workaround
2017-03-01T22:33:18 <simonjb> awesome
2017-03-01T22:33:22 <alanharnum> yay!
2017-03-01T22:33:24 <alanharnum> thanks Bosmon
2017-03-01T22:33:29 <Bosmon> Sure, I\'d love to
2017-03-01T22:33:34 <Bosmon> Let me just finish digging up this jira
2017-03-01T22:33:47 <simonjb> my room
2017-03-01T22:34:03 <Bosmon> Gosh but JIRA\'s search is just appalling
2017-03-01T22:34:06 <Bosmon> Google really spoils you
2017-03-01T22:35:48 <Bosmon> Ok, this is it
2017-03-01T22:35:49 <Bosmon> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6123
2017-03-01T22:35:57 <Bosmon> The client relies on this rather dangerous behaviour
2017-03-01T22:36:08 <Bosmon> If a grade\'s definition is completely missing, it is treated as if it was blank
2017-03-01T22:36:20 <Bosmon> This is fine, for everything except for the component\'s actual main type
2017-03-01T22:36:51 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/client/js/ComponentGraphRemote.js#L248
2017-03-01T22:37:02 <simonjb> Bosmon: we\'re in my room
2017-03-01T22:37:14 <Bosmon> So when the grade named as the remote component\'s "typeName" is used in this argument, all hell breaks loose
2017-03-01T22:37:17 <Bosmon> simonjb - on my way
2017-03-01T22:37:34 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-01T22:49:06 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-03-01T22:50:24 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-01T22:51:38 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T23:21:27 * kasparnet has quit
2017-03-01T23:34:32 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-01T23:35:03 * alanharnum has quit
2017-03-01T23:35:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-01T23:42:14 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-01T23:50:05 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-01T23:50:36 * michelled joined the channel
'

b'2017-03-01T17:50:55 <the-t-in-rtf> which in my case is set to "development"
2017-03-01T17:50:58 <the-t-in-rtf> what\'s yours set to?
2017-03-01T17:51:00 <the-t-in-rtf> nothing?
2017-03-01T17:51:25 <cindyli> i don\'t set that for running test
2017-03-01T17:51:37 <cindyli> that is only needed for starting gpii
2017-03-01T17:51:40 <the-t-in-rtf> it\'s very common to set it in other contexts.
2017-03-01T17:51:58 <cindyli> nah, different tests use different config files
2017-03-01T17:52:13 <cindyli> the test runner should not control that
2017-03-01T17:52:34 <the-t-in-rtf> It may be that the tests will fail if you have the variable set, which is not correct.
2017-03-01T17:52:51 <cindyli> right
2017-03-01T17:53:04 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I have enough to continue tomorrow.
2017-03-01T17:53:07 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks again.
2017-03-01T17:53:14 <cindyli> cool. good luck, the-t-in-rtf
2017-03-01T17:59:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-01T18:20:58 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-01T18:22:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for merging in FLUID-6125, I\'ve also merged in FLUID-6136 FLUID-6137.
2017-03-01T18:28:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-01T18:40:13 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T18:48:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-01T18:54:48 <Bosmon> Thanks so much, Justin_o!
2017-03-01T18:55:05 <Bosmon> And thanks for the really clear reports and test cases
2017-03-01T18:58:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) thanks, and I really appreciate the quick fixes
2017-03-01T19:21:52 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-01T19:28:12 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-01T19:34:59 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: the community meeting today is on changes in the aria spec from v1.0 to 1.1
2017-03-01T19:35:37 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T19:47:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-01T19:57:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-01T19:57:28 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-03-01T19:59:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-01T20:13:18 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-03-01T20:14:04 <simonjb> hey Bosmon, alanharnum and I are having a look at integrating your visualization work with my co-occurrence engine
2017-03-01T20:14:19 <simonjb> we are having trouble getting the component root to be visible
2017-03-01T20:14:48 <simonjb> and were wondering what your logic is that is causing it to be hidden
2017-03-01T20:15:09 <Bosmon> you mean, your own component root?
2017-03-01T20:15:17 <simonjb> we are using fluid.construct
2017-03-01T20:15:19 <simonjb> yeah
2017-03-01T20:15:34 <simonjb> and with grade "fluid.component" it\'s visible
2017-03-01T20:15:49 <simonjb> but with grade "gpii.nexus.nexusComponentRoot" it\'s not visible
2017-03-01T20:16:10 <simonjb> is having "nexus" in the grade name causing it to be hidden?
2017-03-01T20:16:22 <Bosmon> what is gpii.nexus.nexusComnponentRoot derived from?
2017-03-01T20:16:24 <Bosmon> no
2017-03-01T20:16:56 <Bosmon> The logic is in this function: https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/shared/js/ComponentGraphUtilities.js#L17
2017-03-01T20:17:03 <simonjb> from "fluid.component"
2017-03-01T20:17:20 <Bosmon> should be fine
2017-03-01T20:17:40 <simonjb> ok, I\'m maybe just making a dumb mistake
2017-03-01T20:18:09 <simonjb> but that gives us somewhere to debug now
2017-03-01T20:18:12 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon
2017-03-01T20:18:24 <Bosmon> great that you\'re pairing on this :)
2017-03-01T20:18:30 <alanharnum> it\'s pretty cool!
2017-03-01T20:18:41 <simonjb> yeah, it\'s good to be working together
2017-03-01T20:18:43 <alanharnum> the visualization is really neat
2017-03-01T20:19:49 <Bosmon> cheers!
2017-03-01T20:20:05 <Bosmon> On the server, the filter options are assembled here: https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/server/js/VisibleNexus.js#L271
2017-03-01T20:20:27 <simonjb> great, thanks Bosmon
2017-03-01T20:20:31 <Bosmon> ah!!
2017-03-01T20:20:35 <Bosmon> here is the reason
2017-03-01T20:20:40 <simonjb> ???
2017-03-01T20:20:48 <alanharnum> !!!
2017-03-01T20:20:51 <Bosmon> directly caused by the other advice I gave you :)
2017-03-01T20:20:58 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/client/js/ComponentGraph.js#L117
2017-03-01T20:21:16 <Bosmon> You can just override this RHS to null for now
2017-03-01T20:21:27 <Bosmon> line 119
2017-03-01T20:21:52 <Bosmon> Interestingly "resolveRootComponent" survives the transition to the client
2017-03-01T20:21:52 <simonjb> I don\'t think I have resolveRootComponent
2017-03-01T20:22:05 <Bosmon> This should have been factored better
2017-03-01T20:22:15 <Bosmon> I asked you to add it yesterday :)
2017-03-01T20:22:24 <simonjb> I did :)
2017-03-01T20:22:38 <Bosmon> to be able to move your root out of line with the config
2017-03-01T20:22:46 <simonjb> but I have removed it as I saw that it would be ignored :)
2017-03-01T20:22:54 <Bosmon> oh
2017-03-01T20:22:56 <Bosmon> odd
2017-03-01T20:23:14 <Bosmon> but then how are you resolving the component on the server?
2017-03-01T20:23:37 <simonjb> at this point, I\'m just trying to get the nexusComponentRoot to be visible
2017-03-01T20:23:56 <Bosmon> ah
2017-03-01T20:25:01 <simonjb> I was going to try: "@expand:fluid.componentForPath(globalNexusComponentRoot)"
2017-03-01T20:25:25 <simonjb> in the config to get at the nexusComponentRoot
2017-03-01T20:25:36 <Bosmon> ok
2017-03-01T20:25:41 <Bosmon> should be fine
2017-03-01T20:25:56 <simonjb> but I think we can now run in a debugger and see why we are being excluded
2017-03-01T20:26:07 <Bosmon> I guess first you need to determine whether it is the client or the server exvluding it
2017-03-01T20:26:25 <simonjb> ah, right!
2017-03-01T20:27:11 <simonjb> is fluid.author.componentGraph.isIncludedComponent() used on both client and server?
2017-03-01T20:28:57 * kasparnet has quit
2017-03-01T20:29:28 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-03-01T20:48:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-01T20:52:44 * kavya has quit
2017-03-01T20:53:05 * jhernandez has quit
2017-03-01T20:58:22 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-01T20:59:18 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:00:13 * gloob joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:00:21 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-03-01T21:00:56 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:06:53 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:09:35 * kasparnet has quit
2017-03-01T21:09:36 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:10:29 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:15:20 <Bosmon> simonjb - yes
2017-03-01T21:15:28 <Bosmon> Did you get closer to tracking it down?
2017-03-01T21:16:08 <simonjb> Bosmon: we\'re currently debugging, here\'s what we have discovered:
2017-03-01T21:17:27 <simonjb> https://gist.github.com/simonbates/7d9d33efbd5eafe857e9520d6a004b3e
2017-03-01T21:18:13 <simonjb> testObject2 is visible is type is "fluid.component" but not visible if "fluid.fooComponent" (current state of file in gist)
2017-03-01T21:18:29 <Bosmon> whoo, odd
2017-03-01T21:18:38 <Bosmon> I imagine this is implying that the problem is at the server end?
2017-03-01T21:18:50 <Bosmon> Have you dumped the messages coming over the authorBus to verify that it is missing?
2017-03-01T21:19:02 <simonjb> testObject and testModelObject are visible but testObject2 is not
2017-03-01T21:19:16 <simonjb> Bosmon: not yet, that\'s a good idea
2017-03-01T21:19:30 <simonjb> we haven\'t narrowed it down to client or server
2017-03-01T21:19:33 <Bosmon> ok
2017-03-01T21:19:40 <Bosmon> Looks like the first port of call
2017-03-01T21:19:56 <Bosmon> It\'s possible that there is some gross fault with IoCSS but that seems unlikely
2017-03-01T21:20:05 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/server/js/VisibleNexus.js#L133
2017-03-01T21:20:16 <Bosmon> Perhaps this distribution somehow misses the fluid.fooComponents
2017-03-01T21:20:33 <simonjb> Bosmon: could you point me to the best place to dump messages? or do you mean to inspect browser traffic
2017-03-01T21:21:03 <Bosmon> simonjb - you can dump a log statement in here: https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/server/js/VisibleNexus.js#L212
2017-03-01T21:21:25 <Bosmon> Or alternatively at the client of course....
2017-03-01T21:21:41 <simonjb> Bosmon: will do
2017-03-01T21:21:59 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:22:12 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/client/js/ComponentGraphRemote.js#L277
2017-03-01T21:22:17 <Bosmon> Actually looks like they are logged already
2017-03-01T21:22:23 <Bosmon> So you can just look for client messages of this kind
2017-03-01T21:26:36 <simonjb> Bosmon: testObject2 is present when logging at VisibleNexus.js#L212
2017-03-01T21:26:40 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:27:21 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: i posted a recording of today\'s community meeting, sadly the quality is rather low res.. not sure why :(
2017-03-01T21:27:35 <Justin_o> https://idrc.cachefly.net/wiki.fluidproject.org/videos/IDRC_CommunityWorkshop_ARIA_1.1_Changes_Joseph_Scheuhammer_2017-03-01.mp4
2017-03-01T21:30:33 <simonjb> Bosmon: is it possible that the client needs to know about the grades of the objects it visualizes?
2017-03-01T21:31:08 <simonjb> and fluid.fooComponent being only on the server is causing an issue?
2017-03-01T21:40:12 <simonjb> Bosmon: Error from the console on client side - Error: Assertion failure - check console for more details: Error in assembleCreatorArguments: cannot look up component type name *remote-grade:fluid.fooComponent to a component creator grade with an argumentMap
2017-03-01T21:42:19 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:46:01 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-03-01T21:55:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-03-01T21:58:27 <clown> Justin_o:  is there a Community Workshop mailing list, or do we use the fluid-work mailing list.
2017-03-01T21:58:32 <clown> ?
2017-03-01T22:09:16 <simonjb> Bosmon: ok, we have a hack that\'s getting us a good bit of the way there
2017-03-01T22:10:05 <simonjb> rather than type: "foo", use type: "fluid.component", gradeNames: ["foo"]
2017-03-01T22:19:13 * kasparnet has quit
2017-03-01T22:21:02 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-01T22:24:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-03-01T22:27:55 <Bosmon> simonjb - yes
2017-03-01T22:28:10 <Bosmon> Right
2017-03-01T22:28:15 <Bosmon> I hadn\'t thought of that
2017-03-01T22:28:24 <Bosmon> So, really this error has been happening all the time?
2017-03-01T22:30:00 <alanharnum> Bosmon simonjb: was your implementation that used the version of the Nexus from NPM successfully visualizing Nexus components?
2017-03-01T22:30:05 <alanharnum> i don\'t know if that question makes sense
2017-03-01T22:30:11 <Bosmon> Well
2017-03-01T22:30:18 <Bosmon> The issue is as simonjb has said
2017-03-01T22:30:36 <Bosmon> I\'d only ever visualised particularly complex graphs of components on the client-side
2017-03-01T22:30:52 <Bosmon> The issue relates to this annoying irregularity in the way that Infusion accounts for grades
2017-03-01T22:31:19 <simonjb> with the workaround above, I\'m able to visualize both reactants and products
2017-03-01T22:31:26 <Bosmon> And me not thinking particularly clearly about what happens when grades are missing
'

b'2017-03-01T14:59:35 <javjarfer> ahh okay I see, current issue, still better to be consistent in order to fix less things in the future when that task is complete
2017-03-01T14:59:37 <stegru> Bosmon told me to just put the non-windows 10 things in comments
2017-03-01T14:59:50 <Bosmon> Yes well
2017-03-01T14:59:57 <Bosmon> This may or may not become extremely topical
2017-03-01T15:00:06 <Bosmon> Depending on what we learn from Maureen in an hour
2017-03-01T15:00:20 <stegru> i\'m looking forward to that
2017-03-01T15:00:22 <Bosmon> simonjb - I can chat now for a bit if you\'d like
2017-03-01T15:01:11 <simonjb> Bosmon: great, we can chat here
2017-03-01T15:01:21 <Bosmon> cool
2017-03-01T15:02:12 <simonjb> I see that fluid-authoring#FLUID-4884 has a dependency on gpii-nexus and that the index.js has require("gpii-nexus")
2017-03-01T15:03:49 <simonjb> would it make sense then for me to fork fluid-authoring (something like a "science-lab-demo" branch) and update the nexus dependency to point to my nexus branch with co-occurrence engine? feels a little not ideal maybe
2017-03-01T15:04:40 <Bosmon> simonjb - I think that\'s what\'s required, yes
2017-03-01T15:04:52 <simonjb> ok, cool
2017-03-01T15:05:20 <Bosmon> This is what this reuse model ends up as : P
2017-03-01T15:05:44 <Bosmon> I realised yesterday that I had rather blundered suggesting you did your co-occurrence work in a nexus fork
2017-03-01T15:06:01 <Bosmon> But we can pick up the pieces when we have more time : P
2017-03-01T15:06:02 <simonjb> a little down the road it would be good to spend some time thinking about factoring
2017-03-01T15:06:08 <simonjb> yes :)
2017-03-01T15:06:43 <Bosmon> I ordered a *PIE THREE* yesterday, btw : P
2017-03-01T15:06:43 <simonjb> the pieces are taking shape nicely but we\'ll want to move them around a little
2017-03-01T15:06:56 <simonjb> nice
2017-03-01T15:07:13 * mrtyler_ joined the channel
2017-03-01T15:13:18 <javjarfer> stegru, one question, is any way of introducing delays between \'start-stop\' operations in SR?
2017-03-01T15:13:57 <Bosmon> javjarfer - you can insert dummy calls to a settings handler you might invent which resolves a promise late
2017-03-01T15:14:05 <Bosmon> But what kind of delay do you want, and why, javjarfer ?
2017-03-01T15:17:57 <javjarfer> Bosmon, I\'m killing and waking up processes that may take some time, and I wanted to know if there is something like waiting for blocking operation, or introducing a delay, or maybe the gpii.launch.exe and closeProcessByName automatically do the blocking part
2017-03-01T15:18:02 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-01T15:18:17 <Bosmon> javjarfer - they ought to do the blocking part
2017-03-01T15:18:21 <Bosmon> Shouldn\'t they, stegru?
2017-03-01T15:18:35 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-01T15:22:05 <stegru> no, the stop/stop is async isn\'t it?
2017-03-01T15:22:09 <stegru> start/stop
2017-03-01T15:22:15 <Bosmon> Oh yes
2017-03-01T15:22:25 <stegru> or it doesn\'t wait for the promises to be fulfilled
2017-03-01T15:22:30 <Bosmon> This is another hoped-for benefit of kasparnet\'s work on "turning launch actions into settings handlers"
2017-03-01T15:22:41 <Bosmon> How is that going, kasparnet ?
2017-03-01T15:23:01 <stegru> what\'s the PR for it kasparnet ?
2017-03-01T15:23:03 <stegru> heh
2017-03-01T15:23:31 <kasparnet> Bosmon: pretty descent, hoping to have a preliminary pull request by tomorrow
2017-03-01T15:24:22 <kasparnet> coming up very soon stegru :)
2017-03-01T15:24:32 <Bosmon> awesome
2017-03-01T15:24:43 <Bosmon> So in the meantime, javjarfer, you are stuffed : P
2017-03-01T15:25:17 <stegru> so what are you afraid of, javjarfer , if someone logs in and out too fast?
2017-03-01T15:27:28 <javjarfer> stegru, I was really more worried because I need to stop/start a process during the start process so: [{stop something}, {start something}], and I didn\'t knew if there was a way of doing it from the SR
2017-03-01T15:27:50 <stegru> oh right
2017-03-01T15:28:13 <stegru> eg, stop chrome and start firefox, that kind of thing?
2017-03-01T15:28:21 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-03-01T15:28:21 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-01T15:30:41 <javjarfer> stegru, yes, but more like stop explorer.exe start explorer.exe xD
2017-03-01T15:30:55 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-01T15:32:13 <javjarfer> Also, thanks Bosmon for the clarifications, hope to see that PR, looks promising
2017-03-01T15:32:57 <stegru> you could make a "restartProcess" function
2017-03-01T15:46:10 <stegru> there is another way, javjarfer.. call gpii.launch.exe with: "taskkill /im explorer.exe && explorer.exe"
2017-03-01T15:47:56 <stegru> what do you need to restart explorer for, anyway? as a use I\'d be pretty pissed off if you did that
2017-03-01T15:50:31 <javjarfer> stegru, thanks for the hint, I didn\'t knew that gpii.launch.exe could take batch directly
2017-03-01T15:51:23 <javjarfer> stegru, sadly, if you want to reload the settings of the windows taskbar without using the UI, you need to restart the explorer
2017-03-01T15:51:29 <stegru> it does the same as child_process.exec
2017-03-01T15:52:14 <javjarfer> no task will be lost, but it\'s true it\'s visually annoying, but I wanted to have something fast, and them iterate
2017-03-01T15:52:50 <stegru> so you\'re changing the settings in the registry? and want it to update?
2017-03-01T15:53:04 <javjarfer> maybe there is another way of doing it, but the two I know for now are 1. Restart explorer, 2. UI Automation.
2017-03-01T15:53:12 <javjarfer> stegru, yes
2017-03-01T15:53:44 <stegru> i might have a better way
2017-03-01T15:54:27 <stegru> do you have an example registry key?
2017-03-01T15:56:29 <javjarfer> yes, this one for example, "HKEY_CURRENT_USER\\Software\\Microsoft\\Windows\\CurrentVersion\\Search" "SearchboxTaskbarMode - REG_DWORD", should have value 0 if you want to remove Windows 10 taskbar \'Ask me anything\'
2017-03-01T15:58:06 <stegru> jhernandez: ?
2017-03-01T15:58:38 <stegru> ok, i\'ll if I can force explroer to update
2017-03-01T16:00:10 <jhernandez> stegru: QUE?!
2017-03-01T16:00:24 <kasparnet> QUE?
2017-03-01T16:00:36 <stegru> ka?
2017-03-01T16:01:05 <kasparnet> K\xc3\x86?
2017-03-01T16:01:07 <stegru> just been nagged about gpii-app/pull/9 - is it supposed to be failing?
2017-03-01T16:01:29 <stegru> hvad?
2017-03-01T16:02:11 <javjarfer> stegru, ok, nice!
2017-03-01T16:02:17 <javjarfer> stegru, thanks you!
2017-03-01T16:03:16 * kavya joined the channel
2017-03-01T16:05:05 <jhernandez> stegru: yes, it\'s the new wave - have tests failing rather than passing :P
2017-03-01T16:05:53 <jhernandez> no, we need a couple of pull requests to be merged before start having "GREEN" in gpii-app\'s ci tests
2017-03-01T16:05:56 <stegru> ecellent!
2017-03-01T16:10:32 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ve hacked up a bash script for monitoring serial devices -- can now plug and unplug the sensors and reactants are made without a manual command running
2017-03-01T16:10:34 <simonjb> https://github.com/simonbates/nexus-demos/blob/master/science-lab/atlas-scientific-driver/MonitorSerialDevice.sh
2017-03-01T16:11:31 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-01T16:11:43 <simonjb> obviously very simple and we will want something more sophisticated but it\'s a start
2017-03-01T17:02:10 <jhung> gtirloni: in the wordpress dev VM, where would I configure the php.ini file? I\'m having problems uploading files to the Wordpress instance and I suspect it\'s because it isn\'t configured properly.
2017-03-01T17:03:07 <gtirloni> jhung: that\'d be /etc/php.ini -- you may want to increase upload_max_filesize and post_max_size
2017-03-01T17:03:27 <jhung> gtirloni: thanks. I\'ll try that.
2017-03-01T17:20:39 <the-t-in-rtf> Is anyone else seeing test failures when running npm test in universal?
2017-03-01T17:20:42 <the-t-in-rtf> @cindyli?
2017-03-01T17:21:27 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: i don\'t usually use "num test", i normally either to "node all-tests.js" or "grunt test"
2017-03-01T17:21:33 <cindyli> trying "npm test" now
2017-03-01T17:21:40 <cindyli> with the universal master, right?
2017-03-01T17:21:56 <the-t-in-rtf> yes.
2017-03-01T17:22:01 <the-t-in-rtf> I see failures to resolve universal.
2017-03-01T17:22:10 <the-t-in-rtf> 18:20:15.941:  FATAL ERROR: Uncaught exception: Cannot find module \'universal\'
2017-03-01T17:22:10 <the-t-in-rtf> Error: Cannot find module \'universal\'
2017-03-01T17:22:19 <the-t-in-rtf> And yes, with master.
2017-03-01T17:23:17 <cindyli> that sounds like happening at the very start of the test running. i think "npm test" i\'m running now already passed that phase
2017-03-01T17:23:59 <cindyli> still running. so far so good
2017-03-01T17:26:34 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: all node tests passed
2017-03-01T17:26:34 <cindyli> 12:25:53.199:  jq: All tests concluded: 979/979 total passed in 210158ms - PASS
2017-03-01T17:26:44 <the-t-in-rtf> crud.
2017-03-01T17:26:56 <the-t-in-rtf> what version of npm/node?
2017-03-01T17:27:20 <cindyli> npm 3.10.3
2017-03-01T17:27:26 <cindyli> node v6.7.0
2017-03-01T17:27:30 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m using version 4.1.2 of npm and version 6.9.1 of node.
2017-03-01T17:28:20 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: i\'m not very sure which versions gpii supports now
2017-03-01T17:28:51 <cindyli> node 6+ should be a yes, but don\'t know about npm
2017-03-01T17:28:56 <the-t-in-rtf> checking that now.
2017-03-01T17:30:30 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-03-01T17:30:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T17:31:17 <the-t-in-rtf> Looking like 3.10.8 is bundled with 6.9.1: https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/v6.9.1/deps/npm/package.json#L2
2017-03-01T17:31:24 <the-t-in-rtf> Checking for the latest LTS version
2017-03-01T17:31:48 <the-t-in-rtf> Looks like 3.10.10 in 6.9.4
2017-03-01T17:33:21 <the-t-in-rtf> rerunning with npm 3.10.10 now
2017-03-01T17:33:29 <the-t-in-rtf> same error.
2017-03-01T17:33:42 <the-t-in-rtf> What platform are you on, @cindyli?
2017-03-01T17:33:47 <cindyli> did you wipe out node_modules/ then "npm install"?
2017-03-01T17:33:51 <the-t-in-rtf> yes
2017-03-01T17:33:58 <cindyli> mac os 10.11.6
2017-03-01T17:34:07 <the-t-in-rtf> ditto
2017-03-01T17:34:27 <cindyli> interesting, i actually didn\'t wipe out my node_modules/. trying that
2017-03-01T17:34:44 <the-t-in-rtf> Trying with 3.10.3 of npm now
2017-03-01T17:36:00 <the-t-in-rtf> same error with npm 3.10.3
2017-03-01T17:37:38 <cindyli> reinstalled node_modules/ and rerunning "npm test", so far so good
2017-03-01T17:40:08 <cindyli> oh, the-t-in-rtf, my goodness, now your error might cuz of this: when you check out "universal", it needs to be as a subdir of "node_modules"
2017-03-01T17:40:16 <cindyli> all tests passed, btw
2017-03-01T17:40:35 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, I will do that.
2017-03-01T17:40:56 <the-t-in-rtf> I guess the folder must be exactly named "universal"?
2017-03-01T17:41:05 <cindyli> so, my dev structure for gpii looks like: create a dir "gpii", then a subdir "node_modules", then check out "universal" under "node_modules"
2017-03-01T17:41:15 <cindyli> yes
2017-03-01T17:46:01 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, that\'s running for much longer, so I assume it\'s working.
2017-03-01T17:46:16 <the-t-in-rtf> I can continue with the PR. Thanks, @cindyli!
2017-03-01T17:46:26 <cindyli> super!!
2017-03-01T17:46:49 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m sure that convention is well-known within the project, but that\'s not intuitive at all.
2017-03-01T17:47:02 <the-t-in-rtf> Is this something the new monorepo pattern will help with?
2017-03-01T17:47:26 <cindyli> agree. it\'s on a wiki page, but developers don\'t usually start the work by reading wiki pages. at least not me ;)
2017-03-01T17:47:44 <the-t-in-rtf> ugh, now I\'m hitting the error about the dev config.
2017-03-01T17:48:22 <cindyli> what\'s that
2017-03-01T17:48:39 <the-t-in-rtf> well, it\'s picking up the NODE_ENV variable and using that to try to find a config.
2017-03-01T17:48:46 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. "/Users/duhrer/Source/rtf/universal.the-t-in-rtf/node_modules/universal/tests/configs/development.json"
2017-03-01T17:49:11 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, that kind of basic setup belongs in the README, IMO.
2017-03-01T17:49:21 <cindyli> what are you doing? starting gpii?
2017-03-01T17:49:25 <the-t-in-rtf> npm test
2017-03-01T17:49:29 <the-t-in-rtf> that\'s all I\'m trying to do.
2017-03-01T17:49:54 <the-t-in-rtf> 18:46:22.346:  jq: FAIL: Module "StartupAPITests" Test name "gpii.startupAPI.tests.ConfigPath tests" - Message: Died on test #3     at Object.asyncTest (/Users/duhrer/Source/rtf/universal.the-t-in-rtf/node_modules/universal/node_modules/infusion/tests/lib/qunit/js/qunit.js:405:9): Assertion failure - check console for more details: Error reading config file at /Users/duhrer/Source/rtf/universal.the-t-in-rtf/node_modules/universal/tests/con
2017-03-01T17:49:54 <the-t-in-rtf> 18:46:22.346:  jq: Source: Error: Assertion failure - check console for more details: Error reading config file at /Users/duhrer/Source/rtf/universal.the-t-in-rtf/node_modules/universal/tests/configs/development.json: Error: ENOENT: no such file or directory, open \'/Users/duhrer/Source/rtf/universal.the-t-in-rtf/node_modules/universal/tests/configs/development.json\'
2017-03-01T17:50:35 <cindyli> checking that test
2017-03-01T17:50:41 <cindyli> there\'s no such config file
2017-03-01T17:50:41 <the-t-in-rtf> What is your NODE_ENV set to?
2017-03-01T17:50:45 <the-t-in-rtf> right!
2017-03-01T17:50:49 <the-t-in-rtf> but it\'s based on NODE_ENV
'

b'2017-03-01T00:02:50 * javjarfer has quit
2017-03-01T00:02:55 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T00:05:00 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T00:12:32 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T00:21:01 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T00:30:46 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T00:42:22 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T00:44:02 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T00:56:43 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T01:05:23 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T01:11:44 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T01:26:52 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T01:32:02 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T01:33:47 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T01:42:18 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T01:44:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T01:46:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T01:58:36 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:00:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:07:25 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:09:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:17:38 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:23:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:25:39 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:37:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:39:47 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:47:23 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T02:49:31 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T03:01:25 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-03-01T03:16:31 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T03:28:11 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-03-01T03:28:11 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T03:32:25 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T03:34:32 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T03:44:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T03:54:42 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:00:42 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:03:52 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:07:56 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:14:32 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:21:32 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:23:43 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:25:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:37:36 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:37:36 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-03-01T04:39:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:50:25 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T04:57:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T05:09:33 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-01T05:13:40 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T05:20:48 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-03-01T05:20:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T05:31:51 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T05:33:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T05:45:20 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T05:45:50 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-01T05:57:24 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-03-01T05:57:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T05:59:29 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T06:10:02 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T06:13:45 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T06:16:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T07:08:49 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T07:16:20 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-03-01T07:16:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T07:20:02 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-03-01T07:20:44 * javjarfer2 joined the channel
2017-03-01T07:23:27 * javjarfer1 has quit
2017-03-01T07:24:19 * javjarfer has quit
2017-03-01T07:24:57 * javjarfer2 has quit
2017-03-01T07:27:08 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-01T07:27:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T07:29:30 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T07:41:31 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T07:52:13 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T07:54:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:01:50 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-03-01T08:01:53 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:03:55 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:12:52 * alanharnum has quit
2017-03-01T08:13:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:15:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:17:25 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:25:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:27:10 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:29:18 * stegru joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:40:27 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:48:38 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T08:50:59 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T09:02:38 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T09:02:38 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-03-01T09:04:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T09:14:15 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-01T09:16:40 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-03-01T09:55:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-03-01T10:02:35 * kasparnet has quit
2017-03-01T10:04:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-03-01T10:12:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T10:22:45 * kasparnet has quit
2017-03-01T11:10:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-03-01T11:15:05 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-03-01T11:47:46 * amatas joined the channel
2017-03-01T12:13:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T12:55:35 * kasparnet has quit
2017-03-01T13:03:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-03-01T13:14:31 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-03-01T13:19:15 * Caren joined the channel
2017-03-01T13:23:24 * javjarfer_ joined the channel
2017-03-01T13:24:07 * javjarfer_ has quit
2017-03-01T13:27:45 * javjarfer_ joined the channel
2017-03-01T13:28:44 * javjarfer1 joined the channel
2017-03-01T13:28:46 * javjarfer1 has quit
2017-03-01T13:31:49 * javjarfer has quit
2017-03-01T13:31:50 * javjarfer_ is now known as javjarfer
2017-03-01T13:32:15 * Guest26666 joined the channel
2017-03-01T13:33:59 <javjarfer> hi all! Anyone knows why windows version is marked like this in many entries in SR? "version": ">=5.0"
2017-03-01T13:35:22 <the-t-in-rtf> Fairly sure it\'s shorthand for anything after Win2K https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Microsoft_Windows_versions
2017-03-01T13:41:25 <Guest26666> the-t-in-rtf, I see, thanks you.
2017-03-01T13:42:44 <Guest26666> the-t-in-rtf, okay something really weird happened to XChat, that was me, javjarfer xD
2017-03-01T13:43:07 <the-t-in-rtf> Do all the guest IDs include 666?
2017-03-01T13:43:22 <the-t-in-rtf> perhaps your account was possessed.
2017-03-01T13:44:23 <Guest26666> the-t-in-rtf, so sad to actually be a ghost possessing accounts at IRC channels
2017-03-01T13:44:27 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-03-01T13:45:28 * javjarfer is now known as Guest38703
2017-03-01T13:45:28 * Guest26666 is now known as javjarfer
2017-03-01T13:45:36 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, that was weird.
2017-03-01T13:46:33 <javjarfer> the-t-in-rtf, Okay, I have been exorcised by the priest NickServ, no problem
2017-03-01T13:48:49 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-03-01T13:57:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-03-01T14:10:04 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-03-01T14:12:11 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-01T14:15:17 <javjarfer> Anyone knows if one "gpii.windows.registrySettingsHandler" can act on several paths?
2017-03-01T14:15:36 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-03-01T14:31:32 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-01T14:34:29 <simonjb> hi there Bosmon
2017-03-01T14:35:34 <the-t-in-rtf> Morning, @simonjb
2017-03-01T14:36:24 <simonjb> this morning I finished the code to query the Atlas Scientific circuits for their type (not yet watching for USB or serial device additions, but at least we can now identify them) and now I\'d like to do integration with your visualization work
2017-03-01T14:36:29 <simonjb> hey the-t-in-rtf
2017-03-01T14:37:05 <simonjb> Bosmon: I wanted to chat some more with you about the best strategy for integrating
2017-03-01T14:50:47 <stegru> javjarfer: I didn\'t realise the logo was for the start menu button.. thought it was for the gpii tray menu
2017-03-01T14:52:00 <javjarfer> stegru, yes... it\'s for the actual \'start menu bottom\'
2017-03-01T14:52:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-01T14:53:30 <stegru> incase you haven\'t discovered it yet, you need to create two configuration blocks to have different registry paths
2017-03-01T14:54:11 <javjarfer> stegru, yes, that is was I was actually doing, thanks!
2017-03-01T14:54:47 <stegru> I did it once, but I deleted it by mistake
2017-03-01T14:57:25 <stegru> also, the OS version doesn\'t do anything
2017-03-01T14:58:28 <javjarfer> stegru, oh! really?
2017-03-01T14:58:33 <stegru> I have this: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2049
2017-03-01T14:59:19 <Bosmon> simonjb - awesome
2017-03-01T14:59:20 <Bosmon> Sure
'

