b"2017-09-06T20:21:39 <colinclark> that's worrisome
2017-09-06T20:21:44 <ussjoin> *nods* Yep!
2017-09-06T20:21:52 <colinclark> but again, hopefully something we can work to clarify
2017-09-06T20:21:54 <ussjoin> But as you say, I do think that's something we may want to rejigger.
2017-09-06T20:22:00 <colinclark> yes
2017-09-06T20:22:10 <colinclark> that would be great
2017-09-06T20:22:30 <ussjoin> Right. FedRAMP, though, would be *super* neat---because once you have FedRAMP (which is Hard TM and Expensive TM), you're GSA-scheduled and can simply be slotted in to every federal thing and a lot of state things.
2017-09-06T20:23:41 <ussjoin> Hence: NIST. Even though it's a little heavy.
2017-09-06T20:26:37 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-06T20:27:57 <colinclark> that, too makes sense
2017-09-06T20:33:30 * avtar1 joined the channel
2017-09-06T20:38:28 * jhung has quit
2017-09-06T20:50:16 <cindyli> colinclark: can you fill out this doodle when you have a chance - https://beta.doodle.com/poll/9crgx89vamz5z7ss
2017-09-06T20:55:23 <colinclark> yup!
2017-09-06T20:56:43 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-09-06T21:00:57 * clown has quit
2017-09-06T21:01:38 <cindyli> thanks
2017-09-06T21:02:52 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-09-06T21:09:05 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-09-06T21:13:18 * cindyli has quit
2017-09-06T21:34:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T21:39:47 * amatas has quit
2017-09-06T21:40:17 * stegru has quit
2017-09-06T21:42:33 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-06T22:08:05 * javjarfer has quit
2017-09-06T22:11:44 * avtar1 has quit
2017-09-06T22:35:03 * Justin_o has quit
2017-09-06T22:45:44 * grrrero has quit
2017-09-06T23:12:27 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-06T23:23:28 * colinclark has quit
2017-09-06T23:24:25 * avtar has quit
2017-09-06T23:40:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T23:46:47 * alanharnum has quit
"

b'2017-09-06T17:02:23 <javjarfer> okay, I got it, well, I think that then the attacker should be able to substitute the \'identity\' of the user, but there is no first sanity check, as far I know
2017-09-06T17:02:37 <ussjoin> Is it critical (this wasn\'t clear during the call) that we take these strings in at all, or would it be feasible simply to add within-application support by extending/creating ontologies for each?
2017-09-06T17:03:38 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-09-06T17:04:01 <javjarfer> if I understand your question well, that is the opposite of how the system pretends to works
2017-09-06T17:06:01 <javjarfer> Preferences are not \'for an application\' preferences are a set of requirements by a user, those preferences are matched against available solutions, and then set by the SettingsHandler, the main idea is that the set of preferences is not restricted at all
2017-09-06T17:12:39 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-06T17:13:03 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-09-06T17:15:31 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-06T17:22:34 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-06T17:23:29 <Bosmon> ussjoin - you may be interested in the GPII privacy UI and its ontology, which was brought to an early stage during our previous grant
2017-09-06T17:23:31 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/universal/tree/master/gpii/node_modules/gpii-oauth2/gpii-oauth2-authz-server/public/src/components/privacySettings/js
2017-09-06T17:23:57 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/ontologies/mappings/privacy-flat.json5
2017-09-06T17:24:11 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-06T17:24:35 <Bosmon> I imagine this work would be extended both in its current coverage, and also to a system capable of making sense of application-specific terms, although it is likely it would to some extent have to do this by ontologising them
2017-09-06T17:24:53 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-06T17:25:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T17:25:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-09-06T17:25:40 * kasparnet has quit
2017-09-06T17:25:48 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-06T17:28:25 <ussjoin> javjarfer: OK, maybe I misunderstood the discussion on the call. My understanding was that some applications (e.g., screen readers) have settings that are peculiar to a *particular* screen reader (e.g., the intonation on a capital letter), and that the proposal was to pass those unmodified. Is that right, or what did I misunderstand?
2017-09-06T17:30:04 <ussjoin> Bosmon: Yes, that\'s what I had previously understood; today\'s discussion was the first time I had heard that there were plans to allow unrestricted "other"-type settings to pass through the GPII, though perhaps I misunderstood. The well-specified ontologies like what you\'ve linked to allow us to put hard restrictions in place so that we can be sure we\'re not passing a string which merely looks odd to us, but which attacks an end-user
2017-09-06T17:30:04 <ussjoin> application (such as a particular version of screen reader) or our own client-side applications.
2017-09-06T17:32:12 <stegru> i think your concern is real, ussjoin. settings could be applied directly to wherever they\'re applied
2017-09-06T17:33:08 <stegru> eg, there could be one where it\'s passed as a command parameter.. or put in a ini file. there\'s to prevent the string from injecting something
2017-09-06T17:34:14 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-09-06T17:34:15 <stegru> i do hope that\'s wahat you\'re thinking about, and i haven\'t opened another can of worms
2017-09-06T17:34:57 <ussjoin> Depending on what the thing is, injection could still occur as a command parameter or as an INI file. Depends on how the thing reads and where it parses. (One of my favorite bad RCEs: there used to be a special corrupt packet you could transmit across the network to any device. The device would drop it---but if someone was sniffing your traffic and later opened the PCAP file in Wireshark, you\'d get full RCE on *their* machine.)
2017-09-06T17:36:29 <stegru> ah right
2017-09-06T17:36:46 <ussjoin> stegru: I do think you and I are on the same page. If it were possible, I\'d love to be able to say "we don\'t ever pass arbitrary parameters, and we instead have strong guarantees around the information we do pass." If it\'s not possible, then I\'d like to be involved as we figure out what we *can* guarantee around such settings---and it\'s possible that we might change the representations we make to people who install client software.
2017-09-06T17:38:10 <stegru> i don\'t think we actually do it, but there\'s nothing preventing us from doing it
2017-09-06T17:38:52 <javjarfer> ussjoin, yes, you understand it right, but maybe the point that was left there was the SettingsHandlers, values where passed directly to them, then its their responsibility to check them before actually being applied to the system
2017-09-06T17:39:26 <stegru> we do update some ini files... so it could be possible to inject a "\
bad=value" or something
2017-09-06T17:40:09 <javjarfer> stegru, and we can left the wallpaper black for undetermined time xD
2017-09-06T17:40:17 <stegru> heh yes
2017-09-06T17:40:22 <ussjoin> javjarfer: I get why that would seem reasonable. My concern is that regardless of whose fault it was, we still served as a powerful attack vector for computers that are shared resources (such as the AJC and community college computers) or deeply personal highly-relied-upon machines (for end users duplicating their GPII-enabled setup at home).
2017-09-06T17:41:43 <javjarfer> ussjoin, of course, I was just trying to point in the direction in which the problem of an injection is more feasible to be stopped
2017-09-06T17:42:03 <ussjoin> javjarfer: Why is it infeasible to stop it on our end, since we\'re the person in the middle?
2017-09-06T17:42:48 <ussjoin> It seems like since we\'re the keystone of the ecosystem, we\'re in a uniquely positive position to NOPE attacks masquerading as settings, and thus to protect everyone in a transparent manner.
2017-09-06T17:42:58 * mrtyler has quit
2017-09-06T17:43:41 <javjarfer> ussjoin, I understand that settingshandlers are part of our end
2017-09-06T17:44:41 <javjarfer> which kind of verification are you thinking on?
2017-09-06T17:48:20 <ussjoin> javjarfer: It\'ll be dependent on the specific setting, assuming we can avoid freeform settings (hence my question on whether I understood the direction correctly and whether that was a required feature).
2017-09-06T17:49:51 <ussjoin> I\'m a big fan of hard-deny regexing---so represent, say, volume as a 0-100 integer, and do two rounds of validation: first, before *any* business logic (and separate from it), say "if this thing has any non-number characters, reject." Then, once all the settings in the push have made it through that level, then do a second round: "if this is a number outside 0-100, reject."
2017-09-06T17:50:23 <ussjoin> (This is all after a 0th-round validation: "does this smell like JSON, *before* we\'ve fed it to a JSON parser? If not, reject.")
2017-09-06T17:52:10 * Jess_ has quit
2017-09-06T17:53:43 <javjarfer> ussjoin, okay, you are talking here about first, fixed setting format, which is a thing I don\'t think we could have (since any application could have any kind of input as something it need to works), but will be interested to talk about, and second, user preference verification, problem is that, user preferences are not settings until the are matched, and after that, who sees them are the settings handler, prior to that involves the matchmaker
2017-09-06T17:55:00 <javjarfer> that kind of verifications you are talking about, will be ideal to have them in a pre-phase prior to the input of settings handler, based on maybe \'TYPE\' of input
2017-09-06T17:55:09 <michelled> jhernandez: is this the pull request that you wanted me to test with my branch?
2017-09-06T17:55:12 <michelled> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/24/files
2017-09-06T17:55:40 <ussjoin> javjarfer: OK, well, let\'s split those up. So on the fixed setting format, is it possible to fix a format on a per-setting basis? Volume is one example, where we could represent it as an integer (or a float, but integers are handier). Spread across all the things in scope, does that seem feasible? Then we could publish a formal spec, which would be exciting for anyone who needs to integrate (including, well, us).
2017-09-06T17:56:02 <jhernandez> michelled: right
2017-09-06T17:57:57 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-09-06T18:00:25 <javjarfer> ussjoin, well, that could be possible, but that means that we need to add \'types\' to common terms
2017-09-06T18:00:48 <jhernandez> michelled: in fact I\'m working right now on a more complete update of windows/hst-2017 (with metrics), as you can see, it\'s just an update of several dep references and the inclusion of electron-edge
2017-09-06T18:01:17 <michelled> yes
2017-09-06T18:01:18 <jhernandez> let me know if it works for you
2017-09-06T18:01:44 <michelled> just waiting for vagrant provision :)
2017-09-06T18:01:51 <jhernandez> sweet!!
2017-09-06T18:03:12 <jhernandez> if it works, I\'ll go and update windows so we can ship it straight from windows/master
2017-09-06T18:08:21 <ussjoin> javjarfer: Yes, that would be true--not just types, but also ranges.
2017-09-06T18:10:42 <colinclark> Schematic information for all preferences is indeed planned via the-t-in-rtf\'s work on the "common terms registry" aka PTD, etc.
2017-09-06T18:17:48 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-06T18:18:27 <javjarfer> ussjoin, colinclark to the rescue, didn\'t knew that
2017-09-06T18:21:48 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-06T18:23:12 <ussjoin> colinclark: Gotcha. Is there a timeline on that / is validation to the registry planned as part of that work?
2017-09-06T18:23:30 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-09-06T18:23:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-06T18:27:56 * clown has quit
2017-09-06T18:34:04 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: At the community meeting today we have Peter Fuzesi visiting and talking to us about the Limits of Design.
2017-09-06T18:35:04 <michelled> jhernandez: it works for me!
2017-09-06T18:35:28 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-06T18:35:32 <michelled> jhernandez: I didn\'t test anything in particular - just what I generally do
2017-09-06T18:35:55 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-06T18:36:03 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-09-06T18:37:06 <stegru> jhernandez: so, is edge a problem?
2017-09-06T18:37:16 <jhernandez> if running the app is included into what you generally do, then it\'s okay :)
2017-09-06T18:37:27 * michelled has quit
2017-09-06T18:38:25 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-09-06T18:38:35 <colinclark> ussjoin: We\'d have to talk to Tony about specific timelines
2017-09-06T18:38:51 <colinclark> as far as I know, he\'s done the work to define the format of the schemas, etc.
2017-09-06T18:40:06 <colinclark> The common terms registry/preferences terms dictionary/whatever-its-called is largely intended as an submission/editing/moderation application for this kind of information
2017-09-06T18:40:49 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-06T18:40:50 <colinclark> and validation could be added to the system at any time--I had always assumed that it would be our next big security deliverable after securing the basic communication channels of the system
2017-09-06T18:45:33 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2017-09-06T18:47:40 <jhernandez> stegru: no it\'s not, but we have to use electron-edge when running on electron
2017-09-06T18:48:14 <stegru> jhernandez: ok, so there\'s no plan to stop using it?
2017-09-06T18:48:35 <stegru> and the only complaint is the conditional require?
2017-09-06T18:48:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-06T18:49:22 <jhernandez> apparently, clown_mtg has improved the speed of the edge code
2017-09-06T18:50:36 <stegru> ok i\'m writing some .net code now for something else.. just had to check if edge is still being in :)
2017-09-06T18:50:47 <jhernandez> so I guess that there\'s still hope to keep it
2017-09-06T18:52:52 <jhernandez> let\'s see how clown_mtg improved "the thing"
2017-09-06T18:54:26 * simonjb has quit
2017-09-06T18:54:27 <stegru> upgraded his computer ;)
2017-09-06T18:55:10 * kavya joined the channel
2017-09-06T19:00:48 <stegru> i now understand the problem
2017-09-06T19:05:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-06T19:05:44 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-06T19:06:05 * javjarfer has quit
2017-09-06T19:07:46 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-09-06T19:21:50 <Bosmon> What are you writing edge code for, stegru?
2017-09-06T19:26:45 <stegru> to make the tasktray icon not hide, Bosmon
2017-09-06T19:27:03 <Bosmon> Oh, interesting
2017-09-06T19:27:08 <Bosmon> What will be your strategy?
2017-09-06T19:27:26 <stegru> i\'m not sure if it\'s possible though
2017-09-06T19:27:44 <stegru> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2554
2017-09-06T19:28:06 <stegru> explorer has a hidden COM class that lets you do it
2017-09-06T19:29:02 <stegru> http://www.geoffchappell.com/studies/windows/shell/explorer/interfaces/itraynotify/index.htm
2017-09-06T19:29:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T19:37:05 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-06T19:43:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-06T19:48:15 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-09-06T19:55:12 * mrtyler has quit
2017-09-06T19:55:44 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-06T19:59:32 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-06T20:05:07 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-09-06T20:09:33 <cindyli> colinclark: in the GPII security plan, one task is "Create APCP risk assessment framework" which i think Adewale was working on. do you know his latest result for that? ussjoin was thinking to take it on
2017-09-06T20:09:58 <cindyli> https://wiki.gpii.net/w/GPII_Security_Plan
2017-09-06T20:10:09 <colinclark> Well, I guess Adewale\'s idea of a framework was pretty abstract
2017-09-06T20:10:18 <colinclark> but he put some things in the wiki at least
2017-09-06T20:10:27 <colinclark> I\'ll have to see if there are some other google docs as well
2017-09-06T20:10:32 * michelled has quit
2017-09-06T20:10:40 * clown_mtg has quit
2017-09-06T20:11:03 <ussjoin> colinclark: KK. Do you know if he was basing stuff on NIST 800-37? (Not because it\'s necessarily the top of anyone\'s mind, but because the proposal says that\'s the one we get to use.)
2017-09-06T20:11:24 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-09-06T20:11:28 * cindyli has quit
2017-09-06T20:11:36 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2017-09-06T20:12:46 <colinclark> I don\'t think he was, no
2017-09-06T20:13:15 <colinclark> One thing to note is that we can always justify alternative approaches to the proposal if we think they are more sound or valuable
2017-09-06T20:13:46 <colinclark> within some constraints, but in general we have the option if something isn\'t the best framework to use, to justify why our use of something more appropriate is important
2017-09-06T20:13:47 * avtar1 joined the channel
2017-09-06T20:13:52 <colinclark> just in case you encounter that situation
2017-09-06T20:14:18 <cindyli> cool. thanks, colinclark. ussjoin: ^
2017-09-06T20:14:42 <ussjoin> Sure. The issue is that FedRAMP eventual compliance is a goal that we\'d like to keep, which means that we need to keep NIST alignment in mind. (Otherwise I\'d drop NIST like an unexpected badger and switch to ISO 27000-series.)
2017-09-06T20:15:07 <colinclark> Interesting
2017-09-06T20:15:27 <colinclark> why do you prefer the ISO 27000s?
2017-09-06T20:15:45 <ussjoin> But I\'ll do some searching for risk assessment docs and see if there\'s a framework we can use that\'s less heavy than 800-37 that\'ll still make FedRAMP happy in the end; if so, I\'d be happy to work with you to write whatever we need to switch that part of it out.
2017-09-06T20:16:15 <ussjoin> Um... it\'s not so much that I prefer it, it\'s just that it\'s a *lot* lighter-weight than a full NIST-aligned universe.
2017-09-06T20:16:55 <colinclark> makes sense
2017-09-06T20:17:22 <ussjoin> So we get to do a little less of stuff that\'s a bit silly at our current scale. (And some of that we can avoid anyway through creative use of technical controls---e.g., DevOps, once it\'s online, lets you skip a *lot* of really, really ugly stuff---but still, as I spin up the policy kit it\'s on my mind.)
2017-09-06T20:18:30 <ussjoin> Like, from an ease of understanding and compliance perspective, I actually like HIPAA+HITECH, because there\'s an audit checklist in place that makes it *very* clear what the OCR thinks their controls mean. That said, there are like seventy downsides to doing HIPAA if you\'re not actually needing to do so. So it merely depends what perspective you\'re coming from.
2017-09-06T20:19:27 <ussjoin> (The worst part of HIPAA is the turtles all the way down clause; that\'s why you end up with silly season stuff like "HIPAA-compliant mapping," because, well, yes, you *are* submitting "from" addresses on a doctor\'s website "how to get to our office" page to a third-party service without a BAA...)
2017-09-06T20:20:07 <colinclark> right
2017-09-06T20:20:26 <colinclark> HIPAA has always made me quite nervous, particularly due to the background we\'re in
2017-09-06T20:20:49 <colinclark> many traditional rehabilitation programs involve thinking in the medical model
2017-09-06T20:20:52 <ussjoin> Yeah---I was startled to see that in the proposal, since we\'re not actually a CE or BA.
2017-09-06T20:20:57 <colinclark> and so I\'m sure that\'s why HIPAA was mentioned in the proposal
2017-09-06T20:21:17 <colinclark> but what\'s so crucial about our approach is that it\'s specifically about giving users the ability to describe what the need, want, and prefer
2017-09-06T20:21:28 <colinclark> rather than describing, categorizing, modeling their disability
2017-09-06T20:21:29 <ussjoin> Well... yeah, and the CFP mentioned HIPAA for the Privacy Rule. The proposal extended it, though, and committed to using HIPAA for the *security* rule.
'

b'2017-09-06T00:49:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T02:05:50 * jhernandez_ has quit
2017-09-06T02:53:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T03:00:00 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-06T04:46:57 * danayo has quit
2017-09-06T04:57:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T05:03:05 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-06T07:01:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T07:16:10 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-09-06T07:48:40 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-09-06T08:00:02 * amatas_ has quit
2017-09-06T08:05:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T08:10:35 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-06T09:37:37 * stegru joined the channel
2017-09-06T10:08:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T10:14:50 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-06T10:15:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-09-06T10:23:48 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-09-06T10:27:08 * amatas joined the channel
2017-09-06T10:38:42 * kasparnet has quit
2017-09-06T10:51:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-09-06T10:51:43 <gloob> jhernandez: one fired, https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/141
2017-09-06T10:51:49 <gloob> jhernandez: do you review?
2017-09-06T10:55:13 <jhernandez> gloob: hey, sure
2017-09-06T11:08:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T11:18:15 <gloob> jhernandez: so it compiles fine in the CI, but the tests fails, taking into account that there wasn\'t any code change is funny
2017-09-06T11:30:30 * kasparnet has quit
2017-09-06T12:09:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-06T12:12:46 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-09-06T12:14:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-09-06T12:15:34 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-09-06T12:26:25 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-09-06T12:28:12 * jhung joined the channel
2017-09-06T12:28:28 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-09-06T12:29:19 * kasparnet has quit
2017-09-06T12:30:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-09-06T12:32:33 <Justin_o> jhung: did you put up your sketches from the design crit anywhere? I\'m thinking we should capture some of that information somewhere, but not exactly sure where to put it. I\'ve captured the more "immediate" pieces along with my work in a Question to the APCP UX team in the GPII wiki https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Browser_Adaptation_Design_Research#Questions_3
2017-09-06T12:32:43 <Justin_o> but i\'m not sure where to capture the more long term ideas
2017-09-06T12:33:01 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'
2017-09-06T12:33:23 <jhung> ve uploaded it to OwnCloud. I can put it into the GPII wiki if that\'s a good place.
2017-09-06T12:33:40 <Justin_o> jhung: i guess OwnCloud is good for now
2017-09-06T12:33:48 <jhung> I\'ll link to the OwnCloud file from the Crit Page.
2017-09-06T12:33:55 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-09-06T12:35:46 * kasparnet has quit
2017-09-06T12:53:02 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-09-06T12:55:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-06T12:57:17 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-09-06T13:02:45 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-09-06T13:02:58 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-06T13:03:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon, cindyli: is there a base grade or latest exemplar to follow for datasources. I looks like i\'ll be needing one for access local storage in the browser extension
2017-09-06T13:04:57 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/kettle/blob/master/lib/dataSource-core.js
2017-09-06T13:05:51 <Bosmon> and https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/KETTLE-61
2017-09-06T13:06:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2017-09-06T13:15:26 <Justin_o> kasparnet: thanks for the merge
2017-09-06T13:26:28 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-09-06T13:27:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is there a way i can use that directly, or will i have to copy it over and modify it?
2017-09-06T13:29:32 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I don\'t know - are you planning any kind of npm packaging for your project?
2017-09-06T13:31:23 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-09-06T13:31:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. not sure.. i mean it has a package.json file and uses npm
2017-09-06T13:32:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, there you go
2017-09-06T13:32:12 <Bosmon> You can include the file then : P
2017-09-06T13:32:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but i don\'t think you\'d derive something from it, and you\'ll need to build it to use it
2017-09-06T13:33:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah.. i\'m adding it now.. i didn\'t want to have to pull in all of kettle, but i guess it doesn\'t actually depend on the other parts of kettle
2017-09-06T13:33:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it doesn\'t
2017-09-06T13:34:01 <Bosmon> Kettle is really at least 5 "micromodules"
2017-09-06T13:34:12 <Bosmon> Which we will one day split up once we have the build tools to manage it
2017-09-06T13:34:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah one day
2017-09-06T13:37:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure
2017-09-06T13:37:51 <Bosmon> How are those build tools coming along?
2017-09-06T13:37:56 <Bosmon> I know you like to ask me about the new renderer :)
2017-09-06T13:38:04 <Justin_o> haha
2017-09-06T13:38:11 <Justin_o> well, i was also going to ask you about the build tools ;)
2017-09-06T13:41:48 * gtirloni has quit
2017-09-06T13:51:38 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-06T14:00:56 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-06T14:17:10 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-09-06T14:18:22 <grrrero> Justin_o: I\'m going to submit FLUID-5534 for a PR if you\'re ok with that?
2017-09-06T14:18:41 <Justin_o> grrrero: sounds good thanks
2017-09-06T14:18:53 <grrrero> Justin_o: Ok cool
2017-09-06T14:20:53 <grrrero> cindyli: Would you like to review our PR? :) https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/844
2017-09-06T14:21:42 <cindyli> sure, grrrero
2017-09-06T14:21:50 <grrrero> Thank you, cindyli!
2017-09-06T14:21:54 <cindyli> np
2017-09-06T14:23:46 * alanharnum2 has quit
2017-09-06T14:29:59 <grrrero> Justin_o: Do you have time today to talk about the MS Edge bug? I\'m kind of stuck
2017-09-06T14:30:24 <Justin_o> grrrero: sure, when would be a good time for you?
2017-09-06T14:30:35 <grrrero> Now is good
2017-09-06T14:30:38 <grrrero> If that\'s ok
2017-09-06T14:30:53 <grrrero> ^ Justin_o
2017-09-06T14:30:55 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-09-06T14:30:58 <Justin_o> grrrero: sure
2017-09-06T14:42:22 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-09-06T14:42:23 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-06T14:42:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-06T14:51:34 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-09-06T14:55:27 * jhung joined the channel
2017-09-06T14:56:47 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-06T14:59:13 <grrrero> Justin_o: I rebooted the VM -- how do I turn the full screen display on?
2017-09-06T15:01:55 <gmoss> alanharnum: I was looking at the fluid textToSpeech grade for the SJRK storytelling site and discovered that there\'s a bug for Chrome in Windows 7, 10 and Ubuntu 14.04: http://caniuse.com/#feat=speech-synthesis
2017-09-06T15:02:28 <gmoss> i\'ve experienced this myself, when I wrote a very long piece of text for the TTS to read out. just pointing it out, not sure what we can do about it at this point :)
2017-09-06T15:08:09 <grrrero> Justin_o: And now it\'s dropped the network connection... haha
2017-09-06T15:08:49 <Justin_o> grrrero: :(
2017-09-06T15:11:48 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-09-06T15:16:23 <Justin_o> cindyli: in the prefs framework we have the path model.preferences... i think we did this so we could save other model values like the editor\'s state
2017-09-06T15:16:41 <Justin_o> do remember if we had a specific path for those, or were we just going to store it at the root?
2017-09-06T15:17:22 <cindyli> let me check what else is saved at the root
2017-09-06T15:18:50 * avtar joined the channel
2017-09-06T15:21:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-06T15:27:05 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-06T15:27:37 <cindyli> Justin_o: it seems the prefs framework only saves into the "model.preferences" path. you can decide if you\'d like to save at the root or into a path, depending on what you\'d like to save and where the data comes from, meaning from a specific application or from the prefs framework itself
2017-09-06T15:27:57 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2017-09-06T15:28:13 <cindyli> np
2017-09-06T15:28:50 <Justin_o> colinclark: in terms of GPII and APCP what\'s the difference between a preference and a setting?
2017-09-06T15:28:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-06T15:29:14 <cindyli> Bosmon, colinclark: can you fill in this doodle when you have a chance - https://beta.doodle.com/poll/9crgx89vamz5z7ss
2017-09-06T15:29:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what a fantastic question, Justin_o :)#
2017-09-06T15:30:14 <ussjoin> Hey---anyone know what the security @ lists.inclusivedesign list is/discusses? I subscribed to it and got bounced, so trying to see if I should contact the mod to get back in, or if it\'s really out of scope.
2017-09-06T15:31:59 <colinclark> ussjoin: Hey
2017-09-06T15:32:05 <colinclark> I moderated your request
2017-09-06T15:32:13 <colinclark> You subscribed to two lists that are private
2017-09-06T15:32:29 <colinclark> gpii-committers, which is for committers only, and the Fluid Infusion security list
2017-09-06T15:32:57 <colinclark> which is moribund but was always intended as a private forum for discussing vulnerability reports
2017-09-06T15:33:35 <colinclark> You can find more information about what the list was intended for in the Fluid wiki if you\'re curious about the history of it
2017-09-06T15:33:51 <colinclark> but it\'s not related to GPII directly, so not a big deal
2017-09-06T15:34:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-09-06T15:41:03 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-09-06T15:44:46 <ussjoin> colinclark: Right, I intentionally subscribed to GPII-Committers. I\'ll DM you about that one.
2017-09-06T15:54:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-06T15:57:52 * cindyli has quit
2017-09-06T15:58:59 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-06T15:59:32 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-06T16:00:13 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-09-06T16:16:00 * kavya joined the channel
2017-09-06T16:24:49 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-06T16:29:03 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-06T16:38:59 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-06T16:40:19 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-06T16:41:14 * colinclark has quit
2017-09-06T16:43:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-09-06T16:57:08 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-06T16:58:10 * kavya has quit
2017-09-06T16:58:34 * kasparnet has quit
2017-09-06T16:58:43 <ussjoin> javjarfer: Eep, we lot context over at the GoToMeeting. Would you repeat your comment over here?
2017-09-06T16:58:46 <ussjoin> *lost
2017-09-06T16:58:59 <javjarfer> ussjoin, yes, I was copying it xD
2017-09-06T16:59:29 <javjarfer> Preferences are \'parsed\'(matched really), first by the matchmaker, and them, they should be parsed by SettingsHandlers in order to actually actuate over the system in proper way
2017-09-06T17:00:10 <ussjoin> Gotcha. So that\'s parsing for interpretation; my concern is around preparsing for sanity checking and an initial security pass, and then parsing and reinterpreting for security.
2017-09-06T17:00:17 <javjarfer> so, if there is risk of actually doing something nasty over the system, is because settings handlers are not actually restricting the values they should be setting
2017-09-06T17:01:02 <ussjoin> That\'s true for strings that aren\'t so hostile they simply attack the settings handler. I\'m concerned about that---essentially that the GPII would become the power tool equivalent of Word Macros.
2017-09-06T17:01:50 * lliskovoi joined the channel
'

