b'2017-11-16T16:12:22 <jhernandez> but I\'m not sure what you will end up with, since I haven\'t even tried it by myself
2017-11-16T16:13:53 <kavya> ok..i will follow up next week on installer and refer pdf\'s for now
2017-11-16T16:13:58 <kavya> thanks
2017-11-16T16:20:35 <jhernandez> kavya: yw
2017-11-16T16:24:47 <stegru> I would love it if we had a better build process than a PS script that takes 2 weeks to build everything
2017-11-16T16:40:15 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-16T16:44:14 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-16T17:12:06 * avtar joined the channel
2017-11-16T17:20:33 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-16T18:03:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-16T18:05:23 <gtirloni> "The State of Open Source Security" -- https://snyk.io/stateofossecurity
2017-11-16T18:44:14 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-11-16T18:47:28 * amatas has quit
2017-11-16T18:54:12 * stegru has quit
2017-11-16T19:23:28 * jhung1 joined the channel
2017-11-16T19:30:27 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-16T19:36:42 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-16T22:00:37 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-16T22:09:48 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-16T22:14:59 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-16T22:32:01 * stegru has quit
2017-11-16T23:43:20 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-16T23:46:17 * chlorophilia has quit
'

b'2017-11-16T00:39:36 <chlorophilia> it may be an ellaborate undertaking but I wonder if, zoomed in, there could be a black silhouetted graphic representing the various taxa
2017-11-16T00:39:53 <chlorophilia> in the centre of the graphic
2017-11-16T00:40:28 <chlorophilia> not something to think about yet, while you\xe2\x80\x99re trying to \xe2\x80\x9cdown-scale\xe2\x80\x9d, as it were, to make the thing more efficient
2017-11-16T00:40:42 <chlorophilia> but definitely something to enhance the eduational potential of this visualization
2017-11-16T00:42:24 <chlorophilia> perhaps just from kingdom to class\xe2\x80\x94that would be achievable
2017-11-16T00:42:27 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-16T00:42:36 <chlorophilia> danayo!
2017-11-16T00:42:50 <danayo> hi chlorophilia!
2017-11-16T00:42:52 <chlorophilia> you wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t believe bosmon\xe2\x80\x99s amazing creation
2017-11-16T00:42:56 <chlorophilia> ok maybe you would
2017-11-16T00:42:58 <danayo> I saw it!
2017-11-16T00:43:06 <chlorophilia> https://amb26.github.io/bagatelle/
2017-11-16T00:43:06 <danayo> I do believe it :)
2017-11-16T00:43:22 <danayo> totally awesome
2017-11-16T00:43:26 <chlorophilia> very much.
2017-11-16T00:43:42 <chlorophilia> i think one thing that would enhance it is a graphic visualization of some of the taxonomic orders\xe2\x80\xa6 say black silhouette
2017-11-16T00:43:50 <chlorophilia> just kingdom-class
2017-11-16T00:44:12 <chlorophilia> so when you\xe2\x80\x99re zoomed into Hymenoptera and lower, for example, there is a black silhouette of a bee in the centre
2017-11-16T00:45:10 <chlorophilia> but that\xe2\x80\x99s probably getting ahead of the game\xe2\x80\xa6 right now it\xe2\x80\x99s more a matter of simplifying for more efficient scaling
2017-11-16T00:46:00 <danayo> I like the graphic visualization idea
2017-11-16T00:53:59 <chlorophilia> This is so great, it\xe2\x80\x99s a shame to have to destroy the species-level nodes to make it work more efficiently. but if it had to be done, bosman, i suppose replacing those nodes with a partition that\xe2\x80\x99s colour-coded according to the reporting status of the group would work
2017-11-16T00:54:54 <chlorophilia> if necessary I suppose all sub-family nodes could be destroyed, so that zoomed out you can only see families at the periphery of the array; the families coded acc. to their reporting status
2017-11-16T00:55:30 <chlorophilia> would that destroy enough nodes to optimize performane?
2017-11-16T00:55:34 <chlorophilia> performance?
2017-11-16T00:57:56 <chlorophilia> bosmon
2017-11-16T01:13:28 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-16T01:22:46 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2017-11-16T01:22:46 * ussjoin has quit
2017-11-16T01:28:12 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2017-11-16T01:28:12 * ussjoin joined the channel
2017-11-16T01:30:18 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-11-16T01:30:55 <chlorophilia> the entire dataset considered, maybe nodes would need destroying at the sub-order level, though
2017-11-16T01:30:59 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-11-16T01:31:52 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-16T01:33:43 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-11-16T01:34:01 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-11-16T01:36:10 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-16T02:07:37 <danayo> sorry chlorophilia, distracted \xe2\x80\xa6
2017-11-16T02:07:42 <danayo> Happy Birthday! :)
2017-11-16T02:24:16 * danayo has left the channel
2017-11-16T02:29:36 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-16T02:32:10 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-16T02:47:03 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-16T03:16:53 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-16T03:17:09 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-16T03:25:38 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-16T03:32:32 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-16T03:33:20 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-16T04:13:37 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-16T04:24:02 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-16T04:25:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-16T05:43:11 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-16T05:46:31 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-16T07:19:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-16T08:19:47 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-16T08:58:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-16T09:05:50 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-16T09:11:11 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-11-16T10:20:40 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-16T10:24:08 <yuriy__> Bosmon: Hi, Antranig! Hope you are feeling better. Would 13:30 CET or 14:00 CET work for you to discuss the UX and design changes and in particular what could be ready on the API\xc2\xb4s end?
2017-11-16T10:24:18 <yuriy__> We could do a little later as well
2017-11-16T10:57:22 <kasparnet> hey there Bosmon and yuriy__
2017-11-16T10:57:35 <kasparnet> I\'m looking at the PCP API stuff
2017-11-16T10:59:06 <kasparnet> ah, nvm.. formulating my question, I realized the answer :D
2017-11-16T10:59:10 <kasparnet> carry on
2017-11-16T11:07:27 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-16T11:48:35 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-11-16T11:49:47 <Bosmon> Hi there Yuriy yes 14 CET is good
2017-11-16T12:06:04 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-11-16T12:16:33 <yuriy__> great, thank you, I will set a Skype call when the time comes
2017-11-16T12:41:00 <kasparnet> hey Bosmon
2017-11-16T12:42:19 <kasparnet> one of georgitodorov\'s comments on my pull request had to do with the PCP doing evil deeds, such as sending setting values that were not compatible with the schema for the setting
2017-11-16T12:42:23 <kasparnet> and handling that
2017-11-16T12:44:37 <kasparnet> Is this something that should be handled now or should I just JIRA it? And if now, do we have any sort of spec of the return payload with the error
2017-11-16T12:50:20 <kasparnet> hola senor jhernandez
2017-11-16T12:51:30 <kasparnet> I was looking at https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/494
2017-11-16T12:51:49 <kasparnet> you had some questions
2017-11-16T13:10:31 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-11-16T13:52:51 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-16T13:58:57 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-16T13:59:14 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:18:26 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:19:06 * amatas has quit
2017-11-16T14:26:28 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:41:48 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: We\'ll have to take Fluid\'s Wiki down for 15-20min to apply a critical security update. Sorry for the short notice, please save your work.
2017-11-16T14:42:41 * jhernandez has quit
2017-11-16T14:42:46 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:43:02 <stegru> ^S
2017-11-16T14:43:15 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:46:51 * jhernandez has quit
2017-11-16T14:47:05 * stegru has left the channel
2017-11-16T14:47:08 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:47:32 * stegru_ joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:47:57 * stegru_ has quit
2017-11-16T14:48:23 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:50:47 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:50:57 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-16T14:57:20 <cindyli> gtirloni: for GPII-2684, on your linux platform where the test fails, can you check if this file exists in the universal root directoty: node_modules/pouchdb/dist/pouchdb.js
2017-11-16T15:04:07 <gtirloni> cindyli: hmm no
2017-11-16T15:04:17 <cindyli> that\'s the problem
2017-11-16T15:04:24 <gtirloni> no node_modules/pouchdb directory...
2017-11-16T15:04:36 <gtirloni> ah, so it probably failed to install during `npm install`?
2017-11-16T15:05:01 <cindyli> double checking if pouchdb module is a dependency of universal or gpii-pouchdb...
2017-11-16T15:05:23 <gtirloni> i installed it by hand now, it seems to have worked
2017-11-16T15:05:51 <cindyli> cool
2017-11-16T15:06:14 <gtirloni> might be an issue with node 8.9.1 and npm 5.5, maybe
2017-11-16T15:06:27 <gtirloni> i will recreate the environmetn and check for that file
2017-11-16T15:06:31 <cindyli> "pouchdb" module is a dependency of gpii-pouchdb, not universal. "npm install" should fetch it anyway when installing gpii-pouchdb
2017-11-16T15:06:31 <gtirloni> good call!
2017-11-16T15:06:32 <cindyli> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-pouchdb/blob/master/package.json#L25
2017-11-16T15:07:50 <gtirloni> hmm i have a package-lock.json file in my root dir
2017-11-16T15:09:13 <cindyli> i have t too
2017-11-16T15:09:16 <cindyli> "it"
2017-11-16T15:09:35 <gtirloni> i wonder if having an outdated version of that file could be my issue
2017-11-16T15:10:54 <cindyli> "package-lock.json is automatically generated for any operations where npm modifies either the node_modules tree, or package.json"
2017-11-16T15:11:12 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-16T15:11:15 <cindyli> it should be automatically updated
2017-11-16T15:11:38 <gtirloni> ok, i nuked it and i\'m recreating the VM now
2017-11-16T15:11:43 <cindyli> ok
2017-11-16T15:12:36 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-11-16T15:14:15 <gtirloni> it worked now O_o
2017-11-16T15:15:10 <gtirloni> i had deleted node_modules many times while testing, but never noticed the package-lock.json file there
2017-11-16T15:15:33 * amatas has quit
2017-11-16T15:16:28 <gtirloni> everything works now, thanks cindy. i guess i should be careful with package-lock.json then
2017-11-16T15:24:14 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-16T15:26:11 * amatas has quit
2017-11-16T15:31:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-16T15:32:33 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-16T15:39:00 <cindyli> yay!!
2017-11-16T15:39:23 * kavya joined the channel
2017-11-16T15:40:07 <cindyli> might be something wrong with the auto-update of package-lock.json on your linux host
2017-11-16T15:46:56 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-16T16:03:07 <kavya> Bosmon: Hi
2017-11-16T16:04:11 <kavya> I just want to ask if we have an installer with PSP with memory..if not could you tell me how to build one
2017-11-16T16:06:35 <Bosmon> kavya - I don\'t believe we do - but jhernandez and gloob are the people to consult if you would like one
2017-11-16T16:07:12 <gloob> hi!
2017-11-16T16:07:17 <kavya> ok..thanks Antranig
2017-11-16T16:07:46 <gloob> if you need with branch is the development happening, just a vagrant up will ending creating a valid installer
2017-11-16T16:07:51 <gloob> if you know*
2017-11-16T16:08:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m writing up some tests for FLUID-6209.. is there a way to know if two promises are the same?
2017-11-16T16:08:42 <kavya> i don\'t know the branch..
2017-11-16T16:09:28 <Bosmon> kavya - I believe we had decided that we would make the firstly delivery of PCP with memory to you some time next week?
2017-11-16T16:09:51 <jhernandez> hey there kavya Bosmon
2017-11-16T16:10:00 <Bosmon> The Astea team\'s branch is still in review, but you can see the work in progress at https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/27
2017-11-16T16:10:04 <jhernandez> I don\'t think we\'re ready to deliver a psp with memory yet
2017-11-16T16:10:28 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-16T16:11:04 <jhernandez> there are still a few things that need to happen before that
2017-11-16T16:11:06 <kavya> ok..can i still build the installer?
2017-11-16T16:11:49 <jhernandez> right, you can build an installer by using Astea team\'s branch
2017-11-16T16:12:10 <kavya> i am right now working on testcases..so just want to see how it looks to better understand and write scenarios
'

