b'2017-06-23T17:36:17 <colinclark> we can perhaps elaborate on our co-design approaches
2017-06-23T17:36:25 <colinclark> i.e. outline some things we haven\'t done but would like to do
2017-06-23T17:36:27 <danayo> ongoing co-design, as well as usability testing
2017-06-23T17:36:31 <danayo> sure
2017-06-23T17:36:44 <clown> yes, broad consultation was the mitigation I suggested for failing to meet legisslative requirments (here, privacy experts).
2017-06-23T17:36:47 <colinclark> as opposed to just saying "codesign will mitigate," perhaps we can describe that process a bit
2017-06-23T17:37:12 <colinclark> do we have some strategies for helping business to come up with effective business models that respect individual privacy policies?
2017-06-23T17:37:22 <colinclark> or could we imagine what kinds of activities might lead to having such strategies?
2017-06-23T17:37:37 <colinclark> In other words, I think the experience we had with businesses so far is actually paradigmatic
2017-06-23T17:37:45 <colinclark> they\'ll say things like, "Oh yes, we support consumer privacy"
2017-06-23T17:38:04 <colinclark> but then when we want to talk about making their use of personal information more transparent and reciprocal, they go silent :)
2017-06-23T17:38:08 <colinclark> for good reason perhaps ;)
2017-06-23T17:38:19 <colinclark> so what kind of activities might we imagine that would draw them out of their shells?
2017-06-23T17:38:20 <clown> as in, "what does that mean"?
2017-06-23T17:38:29 <colinclark> yes
2017-06-23T17:38:40 <clown> information sessions?
2017-06-23T17:38:41 <colinclark> and perhaps what kinds of business opportunities could we work with them to explore?
2017-06-23T17:38:43 <colinclark> that\'s one way
2017-06-23T17:38:47 <colinclark> but it has to lead to money
2017-06-23T17:39:01 <colinclark> is there a way that this approach to privacy actually helps them use personal information MORE effectively
2017-06-23T17:39:05 <colinclark> rather than seeing it as an obstacle?
2017-06-23T17:39:06 <clown> they pay us for our \'splaini\'
2017-06-23T17:39:14 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-06-23T17:39:29 <colinclark> i\'m just thinking aloud here
2017-06-23T17:39:53 <clown> well, we do have in there Ann\'s, "implementing privacy is cheaper than not implementing it, and being sued".
2017-06-23T17:40:03 <colinclark> but it seems to me that the fundamental risks of this project are 1) it could be too hard for individuals to manage, 2) businesses won\'t adopt because it appears to threaten their business models
2017-06-23T17:40:11 <colinclark> yeah, that\'s an interesting point
2017-06-23T17:40:19 <colinclark> again, something we could expand into a strategy for mitigation
2017-06-23T17:45:14 <michelled> cool, I think there\'s enough here to write something up
2017-06-23T17:45:30 <michelled> I can take a first stab at it, if you guys can take a look for me soon
2017-06-23T17:45:51 <michelled> clown, danayo: does that sound good?
2017-06-23T17:46:13 <clown> michelled:  awesome!
2017-06-23T17:47:34 <danayo> thanks michelled !
2017-06-23T17:53:11 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T18:00:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T18:03:16 * jhung joined the channel
2017-06-23T18:08:48 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-23T18:12:59 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-06-23T18:17:00 * gtirloni has quit
2017-06-23T18:19:28 * stegru has quit
2017-06-23T18:24:34 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-06-23T18:27:55 <michelled> danayo, clown: ok, I\'ve got a draft in this doc. the parts of our brainstorming that I didn\'t fit in are in the working notes below the paragraphs.  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-scM_ymgJXXL6m_wjBzSjQuc_bCrcW9bJ30K6Nt2yt8/edit#
2017-06-23T18:28:06 <michelled> feel free to change things at will
2017-06-23T18:28:24 <michelled> and please let me know when you\'ve looked at it
2017-06-23T18:28:26 <clown> okay, michelled
2017-06-23T18:38:40 <clown> michelled, I made a few changes in wording and punctuation.  I\'m done.
2017-06-23T18:39:26 <michelled> clown: do you think it reads ok and covers what we wanted it to?
2017-06-23T18:40:34 <clown> that\'s a tough one to answer; just like the whole concept of "project failure" is difficult to wrap my head around.
2017-06-23T18:42:48 <clown> it\'s better than what was there before.  :-./
2017-06-23T18:44:27 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-06-23T19:17:52 * stegru joined the channel
2017-06-23T19:25:53 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T19:36:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T19:39:09 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T19:45:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T19:52:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-23T19:52:06 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-06-23T20:14:00 <clown> michelled, danayo, colinclark, in case you haven\'t seen it, there is an email from Vera about taking the risks document off of google docs.  She wants to know if we are all done with it.
2017-06-23T20:15:56 <michelled> as far as I know we are
2017-06-23T20:16:20 <clown> I\'ve already told her, that I\'m done.  danayo has as well.
2017-06-23T20:25:20 <colinclark> simonjb: https://web.archive.org/web/20070927082756/http://www.research.ibm.com/journal/sj/273/ibmsj2703E.pdf
2017-06-23T20:29:51 * jhung has quit
2017-06-23T20:36:21 <colinclark> alanharnum: This was the PR from gtirloni_ that got merged into Kubernetes, which I was just bragging about for him: https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/47803
2017-06-23T20:36:25 <colinclark> I\'m so impressed!
2017-06-23T20:36:53 <colinclark> k8s\' PR review bot is incredibly friendly, too
2017-06-23T20:36:56 <colinclark> I was also impressed with that
2017-06-23T20:37:15 <colinclark> "Hi @gtirloni. Thanks for your PR," said the bot.
2017-06-23T20:48:55 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T20:59:57 * clown has quit
2017-06-23T21:01:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T21:14:36 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T21:15:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T21:17:45 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T21:17:51 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-06-23T21:26:02 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-23T21:30:58 * amatas has quit
2017-06-23T21:32:16 * alanharn_ has quit
2017-06-23T21:37:12 * simonjb has quit
2017-06-23T21:37:15 * michelled has quit
2017-06-23T21:37:26 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-23T21:38:07 * michelled has quit
2017-06-23T21:44:34 * danayo has quit
2017-06-23T22:02:10 * Jess__ has quit
2017-06-23T22:03:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-23T22:04:38 * gtirloni_ has quit
2017-06-23T22:15:49 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-06-23T22:26:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-23T22:26:12 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-23T23:50:27 * stegru has quit
'

b'2017-06-23T14:12:09 <simonjb> in the implementation at the time, yes
2017-06-23T14:12:15 <cindyli> ah ha
2017-06-23T14:12:33 <cindyli> so, it should probably use "authorization code grant" then
2017-06-23T14:13:13 <simonjb> no, there was on web ui in the client
2017-06-23T14:13:40 <simonjb> you would authroize it like an onboarded solution: go to the privacy settings and add it ahead of time
2017-06-23T14:13:56 <cindyli> ok, i see
2017-06-23T14:14:05 <simonjb> sorry "no, there was _no_ web ui in the client"
2017-06-23T14:14:06 <cindyli> different workflow from using web apps
2017-06-23T14:14:12 <simonjb> yes
2017-06-23T14:15:02 <Bosmon7> ok
2017-06-23T14:15:03 <cindyli> cool, seems the resource owner password credentials grant is the way to go
2017-06-23T14:15:16 <simonjb> going back to our recent conversation, it would be good I think if we could add our own oauth2 grant type
2017-06-23T14:15:20 <Bosmon7> cindyli - and so, again - the genuine one, or the fake one? : P
2017-06-23T14:15:35 <simonjb> exactly
2017-06-23T14:15:59 <cindyli> it depends on what user credential is provided and how
2017-06-23T14:16:13 <simonjb> reusing the resource owner password credentials grant type but \'faking\' without the password is confusing
2017-06-23T14:17:41 <cindyli> yes, if someday we do need the real one
2017-06-23T14:18:12 <cindyli> simonjb: did you guys talk about how users provide their credential to use "Mobile Accessibility"?
2017-06-23T14:18:36 <simonjb> cindyli: in what sense? can you expand your question?
2017-06-23T14:18:58 <cindyli> users need to scan a card to provide a gpii token, or they need to login the auth server user account with username and pwd?
2017-06-23T14:19:07 <cindyli> at using "Mobile Accessibility"
2017-06-23T14:19:27 <cindyli> in other words, what user credentials received by "Mobile Accessibility"?
2017-06-23T14:19:42 <simonjb> to authorize and set privacy settings they would log in with username and password
2017-06-23T14:20:06 <simonjb> but to \'key in\' to mobile accessibility they would present their gpii token
2017-06-23T14:20:16 <simonjb> I think using NFC
2017-06-23T14:20:35 <cindyli> ok, same use case as GPII apps. it will use the fake one
2017-06-23T14:21:51 <cindyli> i think at the moment we are safe to create a fake grant using oauth2orize
2017-06-23T14:23:11 <Bosmon7> Ok
2017-06-23T14:23:14 <cindyli> until some day we do have a use case that needs the real resource owner password credentials
2017-06-23T14:23:26 <Bosmon7> So shall we think of a suitable name for our grant type?
2017-06-23T14:24:44 <cindyli> Bosmon7: ours is still resource owner password credentials grant that asks for all required parameters for that grant type
2017-06-23T14:25:07 <cindyli> with the exception that "password" field is not verified
2017-06-23T14:25:39 <cindyli> that is documented on our documentation
2017-06-23T14:29:57 <Bosmon7> cindyli - well sure
2017-06-23T14:30:16 <Bosmon7> But isn\'t our point that because we don\'t ask for a password that we should pick a better name for our grant type?
2017-06-23T14:30:33 <Bosmon7> Our previous discussion was only about actual engineering
2017-06-23T14:30:46 <Bosmon7> That is, how to implement this in terms of what oauth2orize could usefully implement
2017-06-23T14:31:14 <Bosmon7> But my view is that, in our documentation and amongst ourselves, we should refer to this grant type by a more accurate name
2017-06-23T14:31:18 <cindyli> if so, what about "resource owner credentials"?
2017-06-23T14:31:26 <cindyli> by removing "password"
2017-06-23T14:32:11 <Bosmon7> cindyli - seems reasonable to me, if that name doesn\'t already designate something else
2017-06-23T14:33:07 <simonjb> or something more specific "resource owner gpii token"
2017-06-23T14:33:40 <cindyli> sounds good to me
2017-06-23T14:34:26 * gtirloni has quit
2017-06-23T14:38:02 <cindyli> Bosmon7: what do you think ^
2017-06-23T14:41:08 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-23T14:42:59 <Bosmon7> cindyli - I think that is good
2017-06-23T14:43:27 <cindyli> cool. thanks, Bosmon7 and simonjb
2017-06-23T14:45:38 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-06-23T14:46:55 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-23T14:53:56 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-06-23T14:54:43 * cindyli has quit
2017-06-23T14:56:54 * simonjb has quit
2017-06-23T15:02:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-23T15:45:06 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T15:45:09 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-23T15:50:26 <Bosmon7> Hey gtirloni, cindyli1 - I\'m just trying to look at our procurement stuff
2017-06-23T15:50:40 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2017-06-23T15:50:46 <Bosmon7> Looking at Kate\'s document, it refers to "the RtF Google Drive"
2017-06-23T15:50:55 <Bosmon7> Can you tell me how to find this?
2017-06-23T15:51:08 <Bosmon7> She has sent links, it looks like they are to folders too deeply nested
2017-06-23T15:51:23 <cindyli> sent u the link
2017-06-23T15:51:27 <Bosmon7> Thanks
2017-06-23T15:51:51 <Bosmon7> cindyli - yes, that\'s the proposals themselves
2017-06-23T15:54:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T16:00:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-06-23T16:03:23 * cindyli has quit
2017-06-23T16:07:39 * danayo has quit
2017-06-23T16:08:10 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-23T16:08:58 * danayo has quit
2017-06-23T16:13:13 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T16:13:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T16:17:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-23T16:18:08 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T16:22:28 * michelled has quit
2017-06-23T16:22:38 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-23T16:49:36 * mrtyler has quit
2017-06-23T16:50:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-23T16:51:58 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2017-06-23T16:52:18 * jhung_away has quit
2017-06-23T16:56:31 <clown> colinclark:  "We\'ve been brain-storming about this expansion, but haven\'t come up with anything solid.  FWIW, Here are a few bullet points as starting points:"
2017-06-23T16:57:32 <clown> - The privacy preferences may not actually meet legistlative requirements (eg., PIPEDA).  Mitigation:  work with privacy legal experts."
2017-06-23T16:57:37 <clown> anything else?
2017-06-23T17:00:36 <clown> colinclark:  I have the above in a draft response to Vera\'s email.
2017-06-23T17:01:28 <colinclark> ok
2017-06-23T17:01:39 <colinclark> give me a few minutes to finish eating lunch, and i\'ll add a few more
2017-06-23T17:01:55 * Caren has quit
2017-06-23T17:03:03 <clown> okay
2017-06-23T17:03:09 * clown sending you (and only you) the draft email
2017-06-23T17:05:27 <clown> actually, in cc\'ed michelle and dana
2017-06-23T17:05:41 * clown brb, left me water somewhere...
2017-06-23T17:05:55 * Caren joined the channel
2017-06-23T17:06:50 * clown is back
2017-06-23T17:11:06 <clown> colinclark:  just noticed that we already have a paragraph about "Companies/services not making use of privacy preferences" in that same section
2017-06-23T17:13:50 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-23T17:14:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T17:17:09 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T17:17:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T17:23:24 <colinclark> ok, clown and michelled, let\'s do some brainstorming here
2017-06-23T17:23:27 <colinclark> see if we can get unstuck
2017-06-23T17:23:38 <colinclark> if we can\'t, well, we\'ll be no worse off than we are now :)
2017-06-23T17:23:53 * clown chuckles
2017-06-23T17:24:09 <colinclark> So one point that might be worth making is that we\'re already facing the risks of the project\'s "failure"
2017-06-23T17:24:44 <colinclark> in the sense that we have the feasibility report and some design prototypes for a system that would support personal privacy preferences
2017-06-23T17:24:46 <colinclark> but we don\'t have such a system
2017-06-23T17:25:22 <colinclark> so consumers already constantly face these risks that we\'ve identified, and that would continue to be systemic if the project failed
2017-06-23T17:25:54 <colinclark> complex, technocratic, monolithic privacy policies that are hard to understand, hard to audit or enforce compliance of
2017-06-23T17:26:20 <colinclark> an inability to place a realistic value on one\'s personal information
2017-06-23T17:26:38 <colinclark> and difficulty or inability to place restrictions on access to that personal information
2017-06-23T17:26:53 <colinclark> difficult knowing precisely how, when, and with whom personal data is used and transacted
2017-06-23T17:27:01 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T17:27:16 <colinclark> Another risk to the project\'s success is a failure of adoption...
2017-06-23T17:27:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T17:27:29 <colinclark> this is a bidirectional relationship we\'re creating between individuals and service providers
2017-06-23T17:27:41 <colinclark> so the latter need to feel that there\'s value and incentive to adopt
2017-06-23T17:28:06 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-23T17:28:07 <colinclark> that\'s probably partially an issue of policy and legislation\xe2\x80\x94making sure there are motivations to respect privacy and to support an individualized model
2017-06-23T17:28:14 <colinclark> there\'s also a design element to it
2017-06-23T17:28:20 <colinclark> the experience has to be better for service providers
2017-06-23T17:28:23 <colinclark> on the other side, same thing
2017-06-23T17:28:47 <colinclark> the experience can\'t be one more onerous, confusing step separating a individual from the services/products/information that they need
2017-06-23T17:29:01 <colinclark> that\'s already why most people just click "Accept"
2017-06-23T17:29:41 <colinclark> so there\'s a risk that the project will fail if the system isn\'t designed in as "friction-free" (to use a dumb industry buzzword) as possible for all stakeholder
2017-06-23T17:29:42 <colinclark> s
2017-06-23T17:30:03 <colinclark> The security breaches we outline as a possibility is another area where project failure could occur
2017-06-23T17:30:49 <colinclark> so if we gather all this information from people
2017-06-23T17:30:53 <colinclark> and then it leads to compromises
2017-06-23T17:30:57 <colinclark> that would be a problem :)
2017-06-23T17:31:12 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T17:31:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T17:31:56 <colinclark> Anything else that comes to mind?
2017-06-23T17:32:24 <clown> for each, Jutta wants a way to mitigate that risk\xe2\x80\xa6
2017-06-23T17:33:11 <clown> that is, what would increase the likelihood of success?
2017-06-23T17:33:29 <danayo> a brilliant design! :)
2017-06-23T17:33:54 <clown> yeah.  isn\'t that what\'s already in there, danayo?
2017-06-23T17:34:13 <danayo> absolutely clown
2017-06-23T17:34:20 <clown> thought so.
2017-06-23T17:34:35 <danayo> but seriously, i think maybe we don\'t have to do risk/mitigation for each
2017-06-23T17:34:57 <colinclark> danayo, you\'re there!
2017-06-23T17:34:59 <danayo> by saying that we acknowledge it needs to be a "friction-free" design, for example, I think mitigation is implicit
2017-06-23T17:35:06 <danayo> I\'m here colinclark!
2017-06-23T17:35:22 <colinclark> but what helps to support brilliant design, danayo?
2017-06-23T17:35:26 <colinclark> what are the kinds of things we need to do?
2017-06-23T17:35:35 <colinclark> i am quite certain this will be, in a sense, repetitive with other sections
2017-06-23T17:35:37 <colinclark> and that\'s okay
2017-06-23T17:35:49 <colinclark> presumably it\'s a lot of broad stakeholder consultation
2017-06-23T17:35:58 <danayo> ok, yeah, exactly, i was going to say co-design
2017-06-23T17:36:02 <colinclark> in an ongoing fashion\xe2\x80\x94we can\'t just do it once, but need to keep coming back to them
2017-06-23T17:36:03 <colinclark> great
2017-06-23T17:36:11 <danayo> yes
'

b'2017-06-23T00:16:25 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-23T00:23:35 * danayo has quit
2017-06-23T00:30:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T01:11:38 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-06-23T01:33:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T02:36:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T03:40:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T03:46:37 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T04:44:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T04:49:29 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T05:47:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T05:54:17 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T06:44:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-23T06:52:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T06:57:52 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T07:55:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T07:56:02 * amatas joined the channel
2017-06-23T08:01:53 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T08:09:14 * stegru joined the channel
2017-06-23T08:59:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T10:02:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T10:49:50 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-06-23T11:07:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T11:24:35 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-06-23T11:28:07 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-06-23T12:08:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T12:15:26 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T12:19:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-06-23T12:28:13 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-23T12:33:09 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-06-23T12:46:23 * gtirloni has quit
2017-06-23T12:47:38 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-06-23T12:48:01 * Caren joined the channel
2017-06-23T12:48:40 * jhung joined the channel
2017-06-23T12:51:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-23T13:00:26 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-06-23T13:02:53 <cindyli> Bosmon, Bosmon7: simonjb and I talked about making this change to auth data structure - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/519#discussion_r123609999, do you think it makes sense?
2017-06-23T13:05:53 <cindyli> the auth server supports a special type of non-oauth client, that are solutions installed on users\' computers, such as windows magnifier or Jaws. Users can define privacy policy for them and these policy are used in the privacy filtering on the cloud. No oauth2 grant type is involved for this type of client.
2017-06-23T13:06:42 <cindyli> in the proposed change, we are thinking to call this type of client as "onboardedSolution". do you think this is a proper name for this type?
2017-06-23T13:13:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T13:17:44 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-23T13:27:22 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-23T13:29:35 * clown joined the channel
2017-06-23T13:31:12 <gtirloni> has anyone seeing an error "cannot find module \'inherits\'" while running `npm install` on windows?
2017-06-23T13:31:54 <gtirloni> this is for gpii/universal
2017-06-23T13:33:06 * clown is away for coffee
2017-06-23T13:36:58 <Bosmon7> gtirloni - never heard of it
2017-06-23T13:37:12 <Bosmon7> It will have to be some kind of 3rd party dependency since it is nothing we use
2017-06-23T13:37:24 <Bosmon7> But broadly speaking it sounds like an npm failure
2017-06-23T13:38:40 <Bosmon7> https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/3724
2017-06-23T13:38:54 <Bosmon7> This report suggests it might be some kind of symlink or packaging problem with the module.....
2017-06-23T13:41:55 <gtirloni> yeah, i think you\'re right about npm
2017-06-23T13:42:05 <gtirloni> i downgraded from 5.0.3 to 3.10.10.. and voi la!
2017-06-23T13:42:08 <gtirloni> thanks
2017-06-23T13:42:19 <gtirloni> the issue happened while installing leveldown
2017-06-23T13:42:54 <Bosmon7> Oh right
2017-06-23T13:43:10 <Bosmon7> Yes, the-t-in-rtf1 has reported that neither npm 5 nor yarn can build leveldown
2017-06-23T13:43:25 <Bosmon7> Which is the main reason we are not migrating
2017-06-23T13:43:47 <Bosmon7> We\'ll be sticking with npm 3 for the forseeable future
2017-06-23T13:44:53 <gtirloni> it looks like when the OS+arch+node combination matches something that leveldown is providing already built binaries for, then it\'s all fine and npm5 works... when it\'s not...
2017-06-23T13:45:12 <Bosmon7> Ok, that\'s interesting to know
2017-06-23T13:45:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-23T13:45:37 <Bosmon7> cindyli, simonjb - I think your breakdown of the different client and authorization document types is absolutely brilliant
2017-06-23T13:46:04 <Bosmon7> I\'m fine with the term "onboardedSolution" but I think we might revisit your choice of "thirdPartyApp"
2017-06-23T13:46:16 <Bosmon7> Since I think this is ambiguous with respect to "nativeApp"
2017-06-23T13:46:27 <Bosmon7> Since I think logically, we could say that every "native app" is also a "3rd party app"
2017-06-23T13:46:51 <cindyli> "thirdPartyApp" is proposed to be renamed to "onboardedSolution"
2017-06-23T13:47:09 <Bosmon7> And also, I think it seems a little confusing to describe the windows magnifier as a "3rd party app"
2017-06-23T13:47:11 <Bosmon7> Oh right
2017-06-23T13:47:16 <Bosmon7> Well sorry to be so dim as to miss that
2017-06-23T13:47:19 <cindyli> "nativeApp" will be renamed to "oauth2ResourceOwnerPasswordCredentials"
2017-06-23T13:47:21 <Bosmon7> In that case I think your solution is great :)
2017-06-23T13:47:39 <simonjb> thanks Bosmon7
2017-06-23T13:47:48 <Bosmon7> I didn\'t realise that the list under "Client types" was actually the proposed renaming
2017-06-23T13:48:00 <Bosmon7> I just thought it was a categorisation of the existing names as instances of kinds of things : P
2017-06-23T13:48:13 <cindyli> great, thanks, Bosmon7 and simonjb
2017-06-23T13:48:28 * gtirloni has quit
2017-06-23T13:48:43 <Bosmon7> So this really *is* an example of resource owner password credentials, right?
2017-06-23T13:48:47 * michelled has quit
2017-06-23T13:48:47 <simonjb> Bosmon7, cindyli: I added a small note "Proposed renaming"
2017-06-23T13:48:57 <Bosmon7> Unlike the fake one that we use to authorize local flow managers?
2017-06-23T13:49:24 <simonjb> ah good point, it\'s the fake one
2017-06-23T13:50:22 <cindyli> what do you mean "the fake one"?
2017-06-23T13:51:00 <simonjb> it doesn\'t require a password
2017-06-23T13:51:12 <cindyli> ah i see.
2017-06-23T13:51:22 <simonjb> is that what you were meaning Bosmon7?
2017-06-23T13:51:39 <Bosmon7> Oh
2017-06-23T13:51:46 <Bosmon7> Both of them are fake?
2017-06-23T13:52:06 <cindyli> we do use resource owner password credentials grant to authorize local flow managers
2017-06-23T13:52:22 <Bosmon7> That is, we use that mode of oauth2orize
2017-06-23T13:52:25 <cindyli> with a slight modification of not requiring the "password" field
2017-06-23T13:52:29 <Bosmon7> But we don\'t really mean it, right?
2017-06-23T13:52:34 <cindyli> yes
2017-06-23T13:52:37 <Bosmon7> And the "nativeApps" grant is exactly the same?
2017-06-23T13:52:53 <cindyli> yes
2017-06-23T13:53:04 <Bosmon7> ok
2017-06-23T13:53:06 * clown is back with coffee
2017-06-23T13:53:06 <cindyli> "nativeApp" meant local flow managers
2017-06-23T13:53:10 <Bosmon7> !
2017-06-23T13:53:27 <Bosmon7> Oh I see
2017-06-23T13:53:31 <Bosmon7> You say there "The GPII App2
2017-06-23T13:53:34 <Bosmon7> er
2017-06-23T13:53:37 <cindyli> it actually mean whatever apps that use resource owner password credentials
2017-06-23T13:53:38 <Bosmon7> "The GPII App"
2017-06-23T13:54:02 <Bosmon7> But ok, what about real native apps - those things that we worked with on android, for example
2017-06-23T13:54:04 <cindyli> yes, for now, maybe forever, there could only be the GPII apps using resource owner password credentials
2017-06-23T13:54:06 <Bosmon7> Are those comprised under this?
2017-06-23T13:54:10 <simonjb> I added a note "the GPII App (Local Flow Manager)"
2017-06-23T13:55:13 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-06-23T13:56:01 <cindyli> i don\'t know the workflow to work on android. if it falls into the category of using "resource owner password credentials grant", then yes
2017-06-23T13:57:53 <Bosmon7> simonjb - do you remember about the native apps that we briefly onboarded as part of C4A?
2017-06-23T13:58:04 <Bosmon7> Or perhaps kasparnet remembers
2017-06-23T13:58:11 <simonjb> yes, I remember
2017-06-23T14:00:43 <cindyli> what are they? is there a doc?
2017-06-23T14:01:04 <simonjb> I\'m looking through the code now...
2017-06-23T14:01:04 <Bosmon7> I am trying to search for one
2017-06-23T14:01:28 <Bosmon7> simonjb - cool - what was that app that we worked with?
2017-06-23T14:01:42 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-23T14:03:39 <simonjb> Bosmon7, cindyli: https://github.com/simonbates/universal/blob/GPII-17/gpii/node_modules/gpii-oauth2/gpii-oauth2-authz-server/src/AuthServer.js#L481-L507
2017-06-23T14:05:05 <simonjb> (client_id, gpii_token) -> access_token
2017-06-23T14:05:07 <cindyli> simonjb: who sends in this request?
2017-06-23T14:05:10 <Bosmon7> simonjb - yes exactly, that
2017-06-23T14:05:17 <Bosmon7> Who used this endpoint?
2017-06-23T14:05:24 <cindyli> right
2017-06-23T14:05:41 <simonjb> it was only used I think by Mobile Accessibility on Android
2017-06-23T14:05:47 <simonjb> and only for the review demo
2017-06-23T14:05:48 <Bosmon7> right
2017-06-23T14:06:01 <Bosmon7> So this is the case I think we previously designated as the "native app" use case
2017-06-23T14:06:08 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-23T14:06:21 <cindyli> was "Mobile Accessibility" an independent android app
2017-06-23T14:06:24 <cindyli> or a gpii app?
2017-06-23T14:06:53 <Bosmon7> cindyli - it\'s a 3rd party app :)
2017-06-23T14:07:07 <simonjb> independent but part of Cloud4All
2017-06-23T14:07:18 <Bosmon7> yes
2017-06-23T14:07:25 <cindyli> do it was an app created by us
2017-06-23T14:07:33 <cindyli> do -> so
2017-06-23T14:07:37 <Bosmon7> It was not an incarnation of what we call the "GPII app"
2017-06-23T14:07:54 <cindyli> i wonder where that "client_id" came from
2017-06-23T14:08:21 <cindyli> how does GPII has a record of that "client_id"
2017-06-23T14:08:49 <cindyli> was this app supposed to request a client id from GPII and store it in the app
2017-06-23T14:08:59 <Bosmon7> I imagine we were planning to provision them in quite a similar way to the way we plan for local flow managers
2017-06-23T14:09:13 <Bosmon7> I believe we had a big whiteboard discussion issue about such things 3 Toronto trips ago
2017-06-23T14:09:38 <cindyli> ok. so very likely it falls into the use case of using "resource owner password credentials"
2017-06-23T14:09:44 <simonjb> cindyli, Bosmon7: https://github.com/simonbates/universal/blob/GPII-17/examples/easit-oauth-integration/EasitTestOauthDatastore.js#L67-L71
2017-06-23T14:10:06 <Bosmon7> cindyli - were you not involved in the discussions in those stages?
2017-06-23T14:10:12 <Bosmon7> I was hoping you\'d remember better than me : P
2017-06-23T14:10:16 <cindyli> i think no
2017-06-23T14:10:32 <Bosmon7> This use case will certainly arise again, even if not in the scope of APCP
2017-06-23T14:10:44 <Bosmon7> So we should make sure we have planned our naming and categories in a way in which it makes sense
2017-06-23T14:11:47 <cindyli> i wonder when users using "Mobile Accessibility", do they need to be involved to first define privacy policy for "Mobile Accessibility"
'

