b'2017-10-23T19:40:44 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-23T19:43:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T19:58:12 * amatas has quit
2017-10-23T20:07:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T20:32:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T20:37:08 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-23T20:40:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T20:44:41 * simonjb has quit
2017-10-23T20:48:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T20:52:12 <colinclark> avtar: WHY ARE MY TABS SO HARD TO READ NOW?
2017-10-23T20:52:34 <colinclark> and they pulse when they finish loading
2017-10-23T20:54:13 <avtar> they (only) pulse because your computer doesn\'t have enough rgb lighting
2017-10-23T20:54:18 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-10-23T20:54:21 * alanharnum has quit
2017-10-23T20:54:26 <colinclark> it\'s like my tabs are casting shadows on each other
2017-10-23T20:54:37 <colinclark> how moved the light source in Firefox?
2017-10-23T20:54:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-23T20:54:50 <colinclark> it\'s shining directly from the right
2017-10-23T20:55:10 <avtar> ah i use the "light" theme
2017-10-23T20:55:24 <colinclark> help
2017-10-23T20:55:32 <avtar> i found the default one to be too jarring
2017-10-23T20:56:24 <colinclark> it\'s like my tabs are being interrogated
2017-10-23T20:56:41 <colinclark> i guess the good news is i\'m now as hip as gmoss
2017-10-23T20:56:50 <colinclark> well, not as hip
2017-10-23T20:56:53 <colinclark> but aspiringly so
2017-10-23T20:56:58 <colinclark> the "old extension" UX was really great
2017-10-23T20:57:11 <colinclark> there was a nice "Find an alternative" button for Adblock
2017-10-23T20:57:22 <colinclark> which pointed me directly to whatchamacallzit
2017-10-23T20:57:36 <avtar> https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ublock-origin/
2017-10-23T20:57:45 <avtar> "Finally, an efficient blocker"
2017-10-23T20:58:03 <gmoss> Finally :]
2017-10-23T20:58:21 <colinclark> omg
2017-10-23T20:58:25 <colinclark> i found the light theme
2017-10-23T20:58:29 <colinclark> phew
2017-10-23T20:59:09 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-10-23T21:01:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T21:50:58 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-23T22:05:06 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-23T22:13:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T22:18:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T22:27:29 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-23T22:40:21 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T22:44:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T23:17:55 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-23T23:23:45 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-23T23:35:07 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-23T23:40:27 * stegru has quit
2017-10-23T23:48:05 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T23:54:12 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
'

b'2017-10-23T01:33:42 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-10-23T01:33:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T03:05:23 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-10-23T03:19:14 * sgithens has quit
2017-10-23T06:14:51 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-23T06:19:27 * amatas has quit
2017-10-23T06:20:50 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-23T07:32:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T08:15:36 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-23T09:52:50 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-23T09:52:50 * amatas has quit
2017-10-23T10:18:14 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-23T10:43:41 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-23T11:04:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-23T11:09:45 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-10-23T11:57:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T12:07:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-23T12:07:56 * gtirloni is now known as Guest73081
2017-10-23T12:09:15 * gtirloni has quit
2017-10-23T12:09:15 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-23T12:09:15 * gtirloni has quit
2017-10-23T12:09:15 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-23T12:25:22 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-23T12:28:02 * jhung joined the channel
2017-10-23T12:42:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-23T12:51:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I believe this PR ( https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/853 ) should be ready for review again and I\'ve tried to separate it from the work needed for FLUID-6209
2017-10-23T12:51:43 <Bosmon> Justin_o - awesome, thanks
2017-10-23T12:51:45 <Bosmon> I\'ll take a look
2017-10-23T12:52:12 <Justin_o> thanks
2017-10-23T12:52:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also please let me know if you have time to chat more about FLUID-6209 and debouncing the requests. I\'ve left some thoughts on the JIRA https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6209?focusedCommentId=37434&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-37434
2017-10-23T12:58:16 * amatas has quit
2017-10-23T12:58:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-23T13:01:45 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-10-23T13:02:35 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-23T13:06:57 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-23T13:17:27 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-23T13:19:20 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-23T13:20:21 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-23T13:26:41 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-23T13:28:57 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-23T13:43:35 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-23T13:48:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T14:00:37 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon, @jhung, and others, I\'m opening my Vidyo room.
2017-10-23T14:00:59 <jhung> @the-t-in-rtf will be there. Just wrapping up a convo w Justin_o.
2017-10-23T14:01:19 <the-t-in-rtf> See you and @Justin_o there, then.
2017-10-23T14:02:23 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-23T14:03:26 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - sure, I\'m just wrapping a meeting up too
2017-10-23T14:14:52 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-23T14:17:28 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-23T14:17:35 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-23T14:22:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-23T14:34:08 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-23T14:34:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T14:53:47 * kavya joined the channel
2017-10-23T15:14:22 * [o__o] joined the channel
2017-10-23T15:16:21 <gmoss> fluid-everyone: Hi all, I\'m still waiting at the drive test centre, so I won\'t be able to join standup today. Friday I worked on the storytelling tool trying to fix the language input model relay issues. Added new tests to capture the unwanted behaviour, then with some help from Joseph, Alan and Antranig, the issue has been elucidated a bit. I\'ve added a new jira to capture the issue (SJRK-13), and I\'ll be working
2017-10-23T15:16:21 <gmoss> on that today. I have a few possible solutions suggested to me that I\'ll be working on.
2017-10-23T15:16:40 <Bosmon> Ah hi there gmoss
2017-10-23T15:17:28 <Bosmon> Ah sorry, this is just your updated :)
2017-10-23T15:17:30 <Bosmon> update
2017-10-23T15:17:32 <Bosmon> Carry on ...
2017-10-23T15:18:04 <gmoss> :)
2017-10-23T15:18:17 <gmoss> Sorry for any confusion
2017-10-23T15:24:31 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T15:35:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T15:37:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T15:42:03 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-23T15:43:32 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-23T15:50:19 <Justin_o> colinclark, michelled, simonjb: would one of you mind reviewing https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/856
2017-10-23T15:50:31 <Justin_o> it adds the code of conduct to the infusion repo
2017-10-23T15:51:14 <Justin_o> also, if you merge that, could you delete the FLUID-6215 branch. I created the file from the GitHub interface and accidentally created the branch in the fluid-project/infusion repo instead of my own :(
2017-10-23T15:52:39 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-23T16:00:36 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T16:05:06 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-23T16:09:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T16:11:16 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-23T16:12:03 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T16:13:53 * stegru has quit
2017-10-23T16:16:51 <cindyli> gtirloni: i wanna upload a new version of this png onto gpii wiki - https://wiki.gpii.net/w/File:GPII_data_model.png. when clicking "upload a new version of this file" link, it throws an error "User is blocked": Your IP address has been automatically blocked because it was used by another user,
2017-10-23T16:17:11 <cindyli> Autoblocked because your IP address has been recently used by "https://wiki.gpii.net/index.php?title=User:Ajayrudelee&action=edit&redlink=1".
2017-10-23T16:17:30 <cindyli> do you have an idea of what\'s going on?
2017-10-23T16:23:35 <gtirloni> cindyli: Sorry, I have no idea. Could you check with amatas ?
2017-10-23T16:24:21 <cindyli> right. sorry, too used to use your help, gtirloni ;)
2017-10-23T16:24:24 <cindyli> amatas: ^
2017-10-23T16:25:15 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T16:28:11 <amatas> let me check
2017-10-23T16:29:33 <amatas> we\'re suffering spam attacks
2017-10-23T16:30:13 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-23T16:31:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T16:37:52 <amatas> cindyli: try again
2017-10-23T16:37:52 <colinclark> I always thought you had have an account approved by Kasper or another moderator to be able to post
2017-10-23T16:37:59 <colinclark> did something change in that regard?
2017-10-23T16:37:59 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-10-23T16:39:08 <cindyli> works perfectly, thanks, amatas
2017-10-23T16:48:01 <amatas> colinclark: I didn\'t make any change in that regard
2017-10-23T16:48:29 <colinclark> Is there a setting for mediawiki that we can check?
2017-10-23T16:48:42 <colinclark> and perhaps put a more strict moderation process in place?
2017-10-23T16:49:40 <amatas> right now there is a reCAPTCHA to create a new account, and it seems that it\'s not working
2017-10-23T16:50:29 <colinclark> yeah
2017-10-23T16:50:38 <colinclark> maybe we can just change some setting to make accounts require moderation
2017-10-23T16:50:44 <colinclark> I\'m nearly 100% positive that it used to be like this
2017-10-23T16:51:03 <colinclark> because I remember being at hackathons and people would sign up for an account and me or Kasper would have to approve the request
2017-10-23T16:51:49 <amatas> https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:Moderation
2017-10-23T16:52:25 <amatas> yes, that was before adding the recaptcha for the creation of new accounts
2017-10-23T16:52:34 <colinclark> when was that done?
2017-10-23T16:54:09 <amatas> the recaptcha was added some time ago, but it\'s only for account creation
2017-10-23T16:54:32 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-23T16:55:02 <amatas> it doesn\'t affect the editing of the pages
2017-10-23T17:00:50 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-23T17:00:58 <colinclark> is there anything we can do fairly quickly to just reduce the access a new account has to edit or create pages?
2017-10-23T17:00:59 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T17:01:01 <colinclark> that should stem the tide of spam
2017-10-23T17:02:30 <amatas> we can go back and remove the "create account" page
2017-10-23T17:04:31 <amatas> I\'ve removed the sign up link
2017-10-23T17:07:43 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-23T17:44:07 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-23T18:09:45 * javjarfer_ joined the channel
2017-10-23T18:11:15 <cindyli> Bosmon: i\'m working on creating a new secured endpoint /untrusted-preferences on GPII cloud for updating preferences. right now, this new endpoint directly sends the received preferences data to this prefs server API: PUT /preferences/:token[?view=:view]
2017-10-23T18:11:20 <cindyli> noticed a couple of issue:
2017-10-23T18:11:45 <cindyli> 1. this prefs server API will create a new prefs set in case no preferences set exists associated with that token
2017-10-23T18:12:07 <cindyli> i\'m thinking maybe we should split the action of "update" and "create"
2017-10-23T18:12:39 <cindyli> do you think if I should first query the prefs server to ensure there is a prefs set associated with that token
2017-10-23T18:12:55 <cindyli> if not exists, reject the update request?
2017-10-23T18:13:47 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-23T18:13:51 <cindyli> 2. do you know the prefs data sent from the local flow manager would be a subset of an existing prefs set or a full set?
2017-10-23T18:15:42 <cindyli> if it\'s the former, with my current implementation of directly re-sending to the prefs server, this subset will replace the full prefs set
2017-10-23T18:16:43 <cindyli> so in the case of the former, I probably should retrieve the prefs set associated with the token and merge the received subset from the local flow manager
2017-10-23T18:16:53 * javjarfer_ has quit
2017-10-23T18:18:25 <cindyli> 3. we talked about verifying the received prefs form the local flow manager with a metadata to ensure those prefs are allowed to be updated. But according to today\'s discussion, this seems not included for the pilot 1?
2017-10-23T18:25:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T18:27:15 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-23T18:31:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T18:37:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-23T18:38:02 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T18:56:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T18:56:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-23T19:00:01 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-23T19:02:11 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T19:08:51 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T19:13:42 <gmoss> clown, alanharnum, Bosmon: in a classic case of "less is more", I\'ve considered the interactions on the storytelling tool that led to the issue described in SJRK-13, and I\'ve solved it by simply removing the rule that sets the dropdown to "other" when the textbox is edited. You can see some detail in my PR: https://github.com/BlueSlug/sjrk-storyTelling/pull/3
2017-10-23T19:14:02 <gmoss> thanks to all of you for your help in trying to sort that out on Friday evening (or early Saturday morning, for some of us)
2017-10-23T19:14:19 * clown looks
2017-10-23T19:15:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T19:21:10 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-23T19:24:13 <gmoss> alanharnum: do you have a moment at some point today to talk about the outstanding SJRK Jiras and the project in general?
2017-10-23T19:24:45 <gmoss> *do you think you\'ll have a moment :)
2017-10-23T19:28:53 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-23T19:30:38 <alanharnum> gmoss: why don\'t we plan to do that tomorrow in or after the planning meeting?
2017-10-23T19:30:49 <gmoss> alanharnum: sounds good!
2017-10-23T19:37:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
'

