b'2017-01-13T22:33:04 * cindyli has quit
2017-01-13T22:36:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-13T22:37:28 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-01-13T22:38:11 <mrtyler> author has a point :)
2017-01-13T22:38:13 <mrtyler> colinclark:
2017-01-13T22:39:10 <mrtyler> i mean it basically describes atlassian\'s business model right?
2017-01-13T22:39:12 <mrtyler> (hey-o!)
2017-01-13T22:40:51 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-13T22:45:24 <mrtyler> i would say that playing well with others is one of the things that makes a given tool "better"
2017-01-13T22:45:53 <mrtyler> and that i\'m willing to spend more time on duct tape for things that are meaningful to my mission
2017-01-13T22:46:13 <mrtyler> and/or when only a little duct tape is needed
2017-01-13T22:56:48 <colinclark> yeah, it\'s interesting
2017-01-13T22:59:01 <colinclark> I think that blogger\xe2\x80\x94charity.wtf\xe2\x80\x94is fantastic
2017-01-13T22:59:31 <mrtyler> yeah i\'ve never encounterd her before
2017-01-13T22:59:37 <colinclark> definitely helpful in understanding terraform in terms of its "cultural" dimension
2017-01-13T22:59:58 <colinclark> where "cultural" here means the tool in relation to things it works with, things like it, and things unlike it
2017-01-13T23:10:31 * stegru joined the channel
'

b'2017-01-13T16:45:51 <kavya> the new installer build should be ready with GPII app right?
2017-01-13T16:46:06 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-13T16:46:07 <michelled> gloob: we aren\'t doing anything related to the installer
2017-01-13T16:51:05 <gloob> michelled: I know, it is assigned to me
2017-01-13T16:52:09 <stegru> what? github is down? if only there was a way to de-centralise our source control..
2017-01-13T16:52:10 <gloob> kavya: after integration I will see what needs to be done to adapt current installer or create new one
2017-01-13T16:52:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-13T16:53:25 <kavya> ok..Thanks a ton Ale :)
2017-01-13T16:53:35 <kavya> will follow up with you
2017-01-13T16:53:42 <gloob> kavya: ok
2017-01-13T16:54:21 <colinclark> Jess__: You mentioned in your standup update about the upcoming P4A meetings and review in Stuttgart and Luxembourg
2017-01-13T16:54:30 <colinclark> do you have an impression of who from the SP1 team will be in attendance at both of those?
2017-01-13T16:56:04 <Jess__> colinclark: Vivian and I were just talking about it this a.m. \xe2\x80\x94 she wants me to find out if I can come to the one in Germany to work with her. JT and I talked about it earlier this week \xe2\x80\x94 it overlaps (of course) with S. Africa OEGlobal. So, I think she\xe2\x80\x99s unlikely to go to that one and is likely to go to Luxembourg \xe2\x80\x94 assumptions on my part all-around
2017-01-13T16:57:11 <colinclark> "She" in this context being Vivian?
2017-01-13T16:57:35 <Jess__> first she is vivian, second is JT
2017-01-13T16:57:51 <Jess__> so, the hope is Vivian and I go to Stuttgart and JT goes to Luxembourg
2017-01-13T16:58:01 <colinclark> The review in Luxembourg directly overlaps with the Hewlett annual OER meetings
2017-01-13T16:58:24 <colinclark> so last I heard she had already confirmed to Matthias that she couldn\'t make it
2017-01-13T16:58:38 <colinclark> unless I have my dates mixed up again
2017-01-13T16:59:00 <Jess__> yes that\xe2\x80\x99s right. i told VIvian that and said it was unlikely unless they moved it to have any of us there. JT did confirm to Matthias and Gregg she couldn\xe2\x80\x99t make it. I don\xe2\x80\x99t know if they are still trying to move it. If it doesn\xe2\x80\x99t move then there\xe2\x80\x99ll be no one from IDRC there I suspect
2017-01-13T16:59:34 <colinclark> They\'ve had to confirm those dates with T\xc3\xbcnde, unfortunately
2017-01-13T16:59:36 <colinclark> nothing else worked
2017-01-13T16:59:50 <colinclark> I\'m still planning to attend Luxembourg, despite preferring to be here for the OER events
2017-01-13T16:59:51 <Jess__> ah, so there it is
2017-01-13T17:00:05 <colinclark> So I\'m fine to represent the work we\'ve been doing this year on SP1, but I\'ll need a primer
2017-01-13T17:00:12 <Jess__> oh, great, so at least someone from IDRC will be there
2017-01-13T17:00:24 <colinclark> Yeah
2017-01-13T17:00:28 <colinclark> As I say, I\'d prefer to be here
2017-01-13T17:00:31 <colinclark> but I think someone needs to go
2017-01-13T17:00:34 <Jess__> colinclark: vivian thought the luxembourg meeting was largely technical and unlikely to focus on SP1 \xe2\x80\x94 is that your understanding?
2017-01-13T17:00:53 <colinclark> It will cover each of the subprojects
2017-01-13T17:01:01 <colinclark> so there will need to be an update on SP1\'s activities
2017-01-13T17:01:05 <Jess__> of course
2017-01-13T17:01:08 <colinclark> however I think the hard part was last year
2017-01-13T17:01:26 <colinclark> so it can be fairly brief and focused on what\'s new and improved in terms of those resources and deliverables
2017-01-13T17:01:45 <Jess__> colinclark: yes, the slide decks we\xe2\x80\x99ve produced in the past \xe2\x80\x94 is that what you\xe2\x80\x99ll need?
2017-01-13T17:01:55 <colinclark> Yep
2017-01-13T17:02:08 <colinclark> plus any updated resources, if any, that you want to distribute direclty to the reviewers
2017-01-13T17:02:29 <Jess__> colinclark: ok, no problem. is anyone from our team going to the meetings in Stuttgart?
2017-01-13T17:02:43 <colinclark> It could, for example, compelling to give the reviewers some new cards to add to the deck they received last year for the design guide
2017-01-13T17:02:45 <colinclark> just an idea
2017-01-13T17:02:57 <colinclark> I\'ll likely attend Stuttgart, yes
2017-01-13T17:03:07 <Jess__> colinclark: i think a laminated set would be great \xe2\x80\x94 re: new cards
2017-01-13T17:03:28 <colinclark> very nice, yes\xe2\x80\x94but again, if we can find clever ways to highlight what\'s new this year
2017-01-13T17:04:05 <Jess__> of course \xe2\x80\x94 we\xe2\x80\x99ll have that
2017-01-13T17:04:34 <colinclark> I can also encourage people in Stuttgart who will be presenting their materials to articulate how the SP1 tools factored into what they built
2017-01-13T17:04:45 <colinclark> to be prepared for that during the review
2017-01-13T17:05:07 <Jess__> that woudl be great
2017-01-13T17:05:17 <colinclark> Highlighting that the material we created last year is reverberating throughout the project
2017-01-13T17:05:28 <colinclark> and resonating in their own work
2017-01-13T17:05:43 <Jess__> yes, reverberate and resonate away!
2017-01-13T17:06:00 <colinclark> ha
2017-01-13T17:06:06 <colinclark> ok
2017-01-13T17:09:35 * LMNTRIX joined the channel
2017-01-13T17:21:23 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-13T17:39:32 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-13T17:40:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-13T17:43:10 <cindyli> Bosmon: HELP!! did i do something wrong with this distributeOptions - https://github.com/michelled/gpii-app/blob/GPII-1596-pair/configs/app.json#L6-L13
2017-01-13T17:44:00 <cindyli> this block would: 1. stop GPII from starting; 2. of course, tasktray is not added as a subcomponent of the flow manager
2017-01-13T17:44:28 <Bosmon> Well yes, you can\'t just broadcast directly to "components"
2017-01-13T17:44:31 <Bosmon> This would probably destroy it
2017-01-13T17:44:45 <Bosmon> But this is a bit nuts anyway
2017-01-13T17:44:58 <Bosmon> In general for any substantial broadcast you would put it in a self-contained grade
2017-01-13T17:45:09 <Bosmon> And broadcast just the grade name to a component\'s "gradeNames"
2017-01-13T17:45:55 <cindyli> ok
2017-01-13T17:46:36 <Bosmon> "record" is intended to hold pretty small bits of configuration, such as strings or other primitives
2017-01-13T17:47:13 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-13T17:47:23 <cindyli> Bosmon: do u mean -
2017-01-13T17:47:23 <cindyli> "distributeTaskTray": {
2017-01-13T17:47:24 <cindyli> "record": "gpii.taskTrayWrapper",
2017-01-13T17:47:24 <cindyli> "target": "{that flowManager}.options.gradeNames"
2017-01-13T17:47:24 <cindyli> }
2017-01-13T17:47:34 <Bosmon> cindyli - sure
2017-01-13T17:47:38 <Bosmon> SOmething like that
2017-01-13T17:47:59 <cindyli> that means to create a wrapper around gpii.taskTray to have the task tray as a subcomponent
2017-01-13T17:48:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-13T17:48:10 <cindyli> what a tedious work
2017-01-13T17:49:26 <Bosmon> You don\'t really want substantial material inside distributeOptions - firstly because the mergePolicy for it will be wrong, and it will interfere with future authoring work
2017-01-13T17:49:35 <Bosmon> If you can\'t interpret what configuration is there, you can\'t check it properly
2017-01-13T17:51:00 <Bosmon> Just broadcasting the individual component to "{that flowManager}.options.components.taskTray" I expect would work, but I\'m not sure I can really recommend it as a best practice : P
2017-01-13T17:51:37 * yzen has quit
2017-01-13T17:51:47 <Bosmon> Our aim, in the modern framework, is by and large to avoid what we tend to call "pointiness"
2017-01-13T17:52:10 <Bosmon> By which we mean i) deeply nested, but more importantly ii) variably interpretable configuration
2017-01-13T17:52:40 <Bosmon> The more complex the overall schema becomes for a piece of configuration, the less likely it will be that it can be read correctly both by humans and checking tools
2017-01-13T17:52:54 <Bosmon> So whilst we are writing our JSON by hand, this will invariably involve things becoming a little more tedious : P
2017-01-13T17:54:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-13T17:54:15 * LMNTRIX joined the channel
2017-01-13T17:58:38 * David123_ joined the channel
2017-01-13T18:01:07 <cindyli> Bosmon: i must did something silly. the new distribution:
2017-01-13T18:01:12 <cindyli> https://github.com/michelled/gpii-app/blob/GPII-1596-pair/src/app.js#L258-L265
2017-01-13T18:01:16 <cindyli> https://github.com/michelled/gpii-app/blob/GPII-1596-pair/configs/app.json#L6-L9
2017-01-13T18:01:18 <cindyli> same issue
2017-01-13T18:01:43 <cindyli> do you see any noticeable error?
2017-01-13T18:03:13 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-13T18:03:18 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-13T18:04:36 <Bosmon> cindyli - looks fine to me
2017-01-13T18:04:44 <Bosmon> What happens if you take out the distributeOptions entirely?
2017-01-13T18:04:49 <Bosmon> Does the GPII start up normally?
2017-01-13T18:04:52 <cindyli> GPII would start yes
2017-01-13T18:05:37 <Bosmon> What happens when it fails to start?
2017-01-13T18:06:29 <Bosmon> I think you have a big structural problem though
2017-01-13T18:06:34 <Bosmon> In that you have called your config "gpii.app"
2017-01-13T18:06:40 <Bosmon> Which is the same gradename as your actual "gpii.app"
2017-01-13T18:06:49 <cindyli> right
2017-01-13T18:06:50 <Bosmon> Which implies that on startup, you will overwrite all of its grade information
2017-01-13T18:06:54 <cindyli> awesome catch
2017-01-13T18:07:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-13T18:07:25 <cindyli> what a small, silly mistake but causing a big issue
2017-01-13T18:07:37 <Bosmon> Also it seems odd that you are trying to separate the siting of "gpii.app" and "gpii.taskTray"
2017-01-13T18:07:58 <Bosmon> Oh, I see, you\'re not
2017-01-13T18:08:06 <Bosmon> You\'ve placed the app within the taskTray
2017-01-13T18:08:23 <Bosmon> I imagine something completely appalling would have happened
2017-01-13T18:08:29 <Bosmon> As you tried to instantiate the gpii.taskTray
2017-01-13T18:08:32 <Bosmon> What did you actually observe?
2017-01-13T18:08:59 <Bosmon> In theory the system should provide some kind of runaway recursion diagnostic
2017-01-13T18:09:15 <Bosmon> Since you were trying to designate an infinite sized component tree to be instantiated
2017-01-13T18:09:21 <Bosmon> What in fact happened?
2017-01-13T18:12:18 <cindyli> looks better now
2017-01-13T18:12:23 <cindyli> gpii starts
2017-01-13T18:12:38 <Bosmon> What did it do before?
2017-01-13T18:13:42 <michelled> we did see runaway recursion
2017-01-13T18:13:48 <Bosmon> Ah cool
2017-01-13T18:13:53 <michelled> when infinite GPII icons in the task tray
2017-01-13T18:13:57 <Bosmon> Ah
2017-01-13T18:13:59 <Bosmon> Less cool :)
2017-01-13T18:14:09 <michelled> hehe
2017-01-13T18:14:09 <Bosmon> Did it eventually bail out? : P
2017-01-13T18:14:15 <michelled> no, I killed it
2017-01-13T18:14:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-13T18:14:21 <Bosmon> I imagine the OS ran out of resources before the process hit its recursion limit
2017-01-13T18:16:38 * Kobi joined the channel
2017-01-13T18:18:00 <Bosmon> Looks like the current limit on instantiation depth is 50 components
2017-01-13T18:18:53 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-13T18:51:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-13T18:59:16 * jhung joined the channel
2017-01-13T19:09:33 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-01-13T19:17:55 * jhernandez has quit
2017-01-13T19:18:20 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-01-13T19:19:31 * stegru has quit
2017-01-13T19:22:14 * kavya has quit
2017-01-13T19:26:37 * jhernandez has quit
2017-01-13T19:48:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-13T20:45:42 * gtirloni has quit
2017-01-13T21:37:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-13T21:41:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-13T21:56:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-13T22:01:11 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-13T22:05:51 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-13T22:30:55 <colinclark> mrtyler: This is a pretty fascinating opinion on opinionation...
2017-01-13T22:30:59 <colinclark> "Ok, well I would rather adopt one opinionated philosophy for my infrastructure, supplementing where necessary, than duct tape together fifty different half baked philosophies about how software and infrastructure should work and spend all my time mediating their conflicts."
'

b'2017-01-13T01:08:14 * stegru has quit
2017-01-13T01:26:01 * kavya has quit
2017-01-13T02:45:19 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-13T02:54:10 * yzen has quit
2017-01-13T05:07:42 * lef joined the channel
2017-01-13T07:18:11 * amatas joined the channel
2017-01-13T07:28:13 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-13T07:28:40 * ewbjr has quit
2017-01-13T07:33:39 * ewbjr joined the channel
2017-01-13T08:15:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-13T08:21:27 * LMNTRIX joined the channel
2017-01-13T09:19:04 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-13T10:05:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-13T10:09:05 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-13T10:22:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-13T10:26:08 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-13T10:53:21 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-13T10:57:42 * yzen has quit
2017-01-13T11:35:02 * stegru has quit
2017-01-13T11:41:12 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-13T12:07:17 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-01-13T12:21:44 * LMNTRIX joined the channel
2017-01-13T12:49:55 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-13T12:59:37 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-01-13T13:07:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-13T13:14:16 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-13T13:17:01 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-13T13:35:41 * jhung joined the channel
2017-01-13T13:40:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-13T13:51:34 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-13T13:57:07 <Justin_o> jhung: do you know what version of foundation is used on the fluidproject website?
2017-01-13T14:00:46 <jhung> I\'m guessing Foundation 5 Justin_o. The exact version number I am unsure.
2017-01-13T14:01:04 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-01-13T14:01:13 <jhung> We should change it to use Foundation 6 via npm like we\'re going to do with the docs sites Justin_o
2017-01-13T14:02:50 <Justin_o> jhung: yes, i\'m attempting to do that now, but some of the styling broke. I\'m wondering how to do the migration, but it doesn\'t appear that Foundation actually has any docs for that. http://foundation.zurb.com/forum/posts/36152-foundation-6-upgrade-docs
2017-01-13T14:06:17 <Justin_o> also https://github.com/zurb/foundation-sites/issues/7246
2017-01-13T14:06:33 <jhung> Justin_o: yeah. The migration is done manually. I can lend a hand.
2017-01-13T14:08:43 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-13T14:09:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-13T14:11:13 <Justin_o> jhung: i have 20 min now if you have time to pair
2017-01-13T14:11:36 <jhung> Sure Justin_o
2017-01-13T14:25:15 <jhung> Justin_o: take a look https://jhung.github.io/docs-template/
2017-01-13T14:29:38 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-01-13T14:36:30 * kavya joined the channel
2017-01-13T14:37:36 <cindyli> Bosmon: I saw the jira u created yesterday - https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2228. do you mean to revive this example - https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/820e4919907e56f6412b2e3bab18675d5388b00b/examples/easit-oauth-integration/driver.js#L25? or all oauth examples in general?
2017-01-13T14:38:49 <Bosmon> cindyli - I mean just that example, or one that serves the same function
2017-01-13T14:39:04 <Bosmon> That is, of demonstrating how to create a "driver" for the GPII that provides some deep configuration via distributeOptions
2017-01-13T14:39:06 <cindyli> cool. good to know
2017-01-13T14:39:12 <Bosmon> I wanted to be able to refer michelled to this for her GPII app work
2017-01-13T14:39:16 <Bosmon> But perhaps you can help her out :)
2017-01-13T14:40:41 <cindyli> ah, we have many examples for distributeOptions. do you mean in particular to use "distributeOptions" for kettle configuration?
2017-01-13T14:45:44 * kavya has quit
2017-01-13T14:48:13 <cindyli> Bosmon: if you meant this distributeOptions in this example - https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/820e4919907e56f6412b2e3bab18675d5388b00b/examples/easit-oauth-integration/EasitCloudBasedConfig.json#L5, i think many examples in our config json files serve the same function, such as https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/820e4919907e56f6412b2e3bab18675d5388b00b/examples/easit-oauth-integration/EasitCloudBasedConfig.json#L5
2017-01-13T14:48:59 <Bosmon> cindyli - they do, but I don\'t think we have a similar self-contained example of "how to configure and execute the GPII in a modified form from the point of view of a 3rd party"
2017-01-13T14:49:29 <Bosmon> For example, you can discover from michelled in person exactly how much our current documentation leaves her in the dark about all this :)
2017-01-13T14:50:29 <cindyli> ok, i see, the customization of GPII. it\'s also a good example for me
2017-01-13T15:06:56 <cindyli> Bosmon: from what i understand on michelled\'s problem, gpii-app and gpii need to be on the same component tree so that gpii-app can respond to some gpii events such as onSessionStart to fire its own onAppReady event, or gpii onUserToken event to update the task tray menu. However, if GPII is started using functions like kettle.config.loadConfig() or kettle.config.makeConfigLoader(), how can gpii-app get a hold of GPII as another com
2017-01-13T15:09:12 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-13T15:09:48 <cindyli> michelled told me my question gets cut off. repasting the last sentence:
2017-01-13T15:09:50 <cindyli> However, if GPII is started using functions like kettle.config.loadConfig() or kettle.config.makeConfigLoader(), how can gpii-app get a hold of GPII as another component on the same component tree structure?
2017-01-13T15:12:08 <Bosmon> cindyli - you know better than that :)
2017-01-13T15:12:17 <Bosmon> We don\'t "get hold of component references" in the modern world
2017-01-13T15:12:23 <Bosmon> We just write configuration to bind things together
2017-01-13T15:12:55 <cindyli> by using something like "{/ gpii}", Bosmon?
2017-01-13T15:12:56 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-01-13T15:13:02 <Bosmon> I sent some chat to michelled in private chat last night explaining where is the onSessionStart even in the lifecycleManager that she needs to bind to
2017-01-13T15:13:03 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-01-13T15:13:07 <Bosmon> She should share this with you
2017-01-13T15:13:16 <cindyli> i saw those comments
2017-01-13T15:13:18 <cindyli> yes
2017-01-13T15:14:12 <cindyli> Bosmon: let me see if i can find something from docs on "{/ gpii}"
2017-01-13T15:16:06 <cindyli> using "/" to match the global root component of the entire component tree - may only be used in the head position of an IoCSS selector
2017-01-13T15:16:12 <cindyli> it\'s on http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/IoCSS.html
2017-01-13T15:16:24 <cindyli> digging on examples. never used it myself
2017-01-13T15:17:25 <Bosmon> Yes
2017-01-13T15:17:50 <Bosmon> Could either use /, or just arrange for gpii.app to become a subcomponent of the GPII config by writing it into a driver config
2017-01-13T15:18:06 <Bosmon> This is why I am keen on there being docs on how to write drivers :)
2017-01-13T15:18:32 <cindyli> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/framework-tests/core/js/FluidIoCTests.js#L4319
2017-01-13T15:18:51 <cindyli> cool. a good idea of having gpii.app as a subcomponent of GPII
2017-01-13T15:19:08 <cindyli> now we have multiple solutions
2017-01-13T15:19:54 <cindyli> thanks, Bosmon
2017-01-13T15:20:08 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-13T15:24:05 <cindyli> Bosmon: is kettle.config.makeConfigLoader() obsolete? has it been replaced by kettle.config.loadConfig()? don\'t find it in the kettle repo
2017-01-13T15:24:55 <Bosmon> Yes, the name changed
2017-01-13T15:24:59 <cindyli> thanks
2017-01-13T15:45:01 <cindyli> hi Bosmon, one thing that gpii.app needs to do before starting GPII is to redirect the log from console to a file - http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8393636/node-log-in-a-file-instead-of-the-console. i wonder if we can make use of the kettle onCreate event to do this redirection before the kettle server starts - https://github.com/fluid-project/kettle/blob/master/lib/KettleServer.js#L73
2017-01-13T15:49:21 <Bosmon> cindyli - stegru has suggested we simply do this unilaterally in literal code within the gpii app
2017-01-13T15:49:36 <Bosmon> Based on the approach which is linked in the piratePad from our meeting eariler today
2017-01-13T15:49:56 <Bosmon> https://pad.gpii.net/p/logging-discussion-13g4n99
2017-01-13T15:50:04 <Bosmon> Line 69
2017-01-13T15:50:26 <stegru> by the way, I\'ve just saw a comment on that SO page: \t \t
2017-01-13T15:50:26 <stegru> Not working by me on windows
2017-01-13T15:50:35 <Bosmon> ha
2017-01-13T15:50:40 <Bosmon> It did seem a bit too good to be true
2017-01-13T15:52:25 <Bosmon> If we can\'t redirect console.log during runtime, I see two options i) A two-process solution whereby we create a separate "launcher app" which separates the process the user clicks on and the one holding the GPII, and ii) continuing with my original suggestion of monkey-patching fluid.doLog
2017-01-13T15:52:34 <Bosmon> My general preference is for ii)
2017-01-13T15:52:39 * clown has quit
2017-01-13T15:53:44 <cindyli> Bosmon: michelled and I are going to use the "driver" approach to have gpii.app as a subcomponent of GPII
2017-01-13T15:53:51 <cindyli> let\'s see how it goes
2017-01-13T15:54:08 <jhung> fluid-everyone: I\'ll be missing stand-up today, so here\'s my update\xe2\x80\xa6 I\'m working on resolving documentation blockers for the infusion release. Specifically FLUID-5977 (UI options tutorial), and FLUID-6094 (Updating the Featured Work section on the Fluid website).
2017-01-13T15:58:06 <stegru> ok, I\'ve got the stdout thing working, but it doesn\'t look very nice: https://gist.github.com/stegru/48579ce8ef708e75f34ba32b3f910cc4
2017-01-13T15:58:58 <simonjb> colinclark: our pH probe is working! just tested with OCAD tap water and Coke
2017-01-13T15:59:17 <simonjb> and getting readings over USB serial
2017-01-13T16:03:03 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-13T16:11:57 * clown has quit
2017-01-13T16:19:38 <gtirloni> https://status.github.com/messages
2017-01-13T16:19:50 <gtirloni> currently down
2017-01-13T16:24:16 * kavya joined the channel
2017-01-13T16:26:28 <colinclark> simonjb: !!!
2017-01-13T16:26:29 <colinclark> amazing
2017-01-13T16:27:20 <simonjb> colinclark: no programmatic access yet, just interacting through terminal emulator, but a good start
2017-01-13T16:27:23 <simonjb> science!
2017-01-13T16:27:25 <colinclark> yep, that\'s great
2017-01-13T16:28:27 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-13T16:28:49 <kavya> Hi Everyone
2017-01-13T16:29:17 <kavya> I am trying to build new installer
2017-01-13T16:29:33 <colinclark> Hey kavya
2017-01-13T16:30:08 <alanharnum> is someone with fluid-project committer status able to review this maintenance PR for chartAuthoring: https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/pull/17 - it updates it to use Infusion 2.0 and the latest Flocking that works with Infusion 2.0
2017-01-13T16:30:09 <kavya> git fetch origin for my master brach c/gpii/windows throws fatal remote error
2017-01-13T16:30:16 <kavya> hi Colin
2017-01-13T16:30:32 <kavya> why is this happening
2017-01-13T16:30:42 <alanharnum> i\'ve run all the unit tests on Safari/Chrome/FF (OS X) and Chrome/FF/Edge (Windows 10).
2017-01-13T16:31:34 <michelled> it\'s because github is down kavya
2017-01-13T16:32:13 <kavya> ohh ok..Thanks Michelle
2017-01-13T16:32:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-13T16:32:42 <kavya> Michelle:Reg https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2227
2017-01-13T16:33:17 <kavya> My understanding is GPII app should be in installer for me to test right?
2017-01-13T16:36:57 <gloob> kavya: it is supossed to be https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2206
2017-01-13T16:37:31 <gloob> github is down
2017-01-13T16:37:33 <gloob> stop the machines
2017-01-13T16:37:49 <gloob> is it stackoverflow up?
2017-01-13T16:38:23 <kavya> Thanks Ale
2017-01-13T16:38:32 <gloob> kavya: anytime!
2017-01-13T16:39:26 <gtirloni> gloob: stackoverflow is up! my copy/paste activity continues at 100%  :)
2017-01-13T16:39:46 <kavya> what are the next steps to update installer with GPII app
2017-01-13T16:40:42 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli, michelled - I\'m free to chat now if you want
2017-01-13T16:40:45 <Bosmon> How are you getting on?
2017-01-13T16:41:47 <cindyli> Bosmon: in the process of injecting gpii.app as a subcomponent of GPII and start that GPII by electron
2017-01-13T16:41:49 <gloob> gtirloni: your secondary brain is up, then :D
2017-01-13T16:42:09 <cindyli> Bosmon: github is down, cannot push up the new code
2017-01-13T16:42:11 <cindyli> :(
2017-01-13T16:42:22 <Bosmon> wow!
2017-01-13T16:42:29 <cindyli> it\'s back on
2017-01-13T16:42:32 <cindyli> YAY!!!
2017-01-13T16:42:34 <gloob> kavya: we need the "final" integration of gpii-app
2017-01-13T16:43:02 <gloob> kavya: basically what it seems cindyli and michelled are trying to accomplish today
2017-01-13T16:44:12 <gloob> kavya: anyway, it\'s testeable just cloning and booting up the vagrant machine with $ vagrant up
2017-01-13T16:44:49 <kavya> ahh ok...got it
2017-01-13T16:45:04 <kavya> i will try and test by cloning
2017-01-13T16:45:32 <kavya> so once cindy and michelle are done with integration
'

