b'2017-11-08T21:41:15 <simonjb> but looks like it should be possible to do if we need it
2017-11-08T21:43:01 <gmoss> simonjb: this seems like it would be a possible solution to \'orphaned\' repos, as in the case Justin_o laid out above.
2017-11-08T21:46:09 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-08T21:53:51 <alanharnum> this is a really interesting set of tweets on Dreamforce (massive Salesforce convention) and the Wordpress-like ecosystem around Salesforce development
2017-11-08T21:53:53 <alanharnum> https://twitter.com/sarahmei/status/928128293701795842
2017-11-08T21:55:08 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-11-08T21:55:52 <alanharnum> Bosmon colinclark in particular, calling attention to those tweets above - you may find them really interesting as an example (like Excel) of building supports and pathways for "non-traditional" coding
2017-11-08T21:56:06 <colinclark> :)
2017-11-08T21:56:07 <colinclark> yes
2017-11-08T21:56:14 <alanharnum> "Here\'s where it gets interesting. Admin\xe2\x9e\xa1\xef\xb8\x8fwysisyg customizer\xe2\x9e\xa1\xef\xb8\x8foccasional coder\xe2\x9e\xa1\xef\xb8\x8ffull time dev is a real pipeline into software development that folks often with just high school degrees are actually taking."
2017-11-08T21:56:21 <alanharnum> "This isn\'t just a narrative pushed by salesforce marketing; I\'m meeting these people. They say things like "I love salesforce, it changed my life" with disarming sincerity."
2017-11-08T21:56:28 <alanharnum> "This is a very diverse set of folks, relative to the dev population at large - more similar (as you might imagine) to the population of clerical workers."
2017-11-08T22:01:24 <mrtyler> @sarahmei is great :)
2017-11-08T22:02:33 <mrtyler> i can confirm that salesforce is not popular amongst SOMA denizens ;)
2017-11-08T22:02:40 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2017-11-08T22:04:46 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-11-08T22:13:14 * gtirloni__ has quit
2017-11-08T22:23:20 <simonjb> mrtyler: "SOMA" == "Service-oriented modeling and architecture" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Service-oriented_modeling or the San Francisco neighbourhood?
2017-11-08T22:24:22 <mrtyler> simonjb: the sf neighborhood :)
2017-11-08T22:25:59 <mrtyler> i only mention it because sarah brought it up in her thread :)
2017-11-08T22:31:20 <simonjb> mrtyler: ah yes, I see now
2017-11-08T23:12:29 * stegru has quit
2017-11-08T23:24:28 * mrtyler joined the channel
'

b'2017-11-08T16:33:13 <gloob> it could work, great
2017-11-08T16:33:40 <javjarfer> nice one! I saw that similar behavior was achieved changing all registry keys, and doing the notify message
2017-11-08T16:34:19 <javjarfer> but maybe we could use that for a whole predefined set of options
2017-11-08T16:34:42 <stegru> with the registry might be easier (but not the "proper" way)
2017-11-08T16:36:12 <stegru> example code: https://pastebin.com/rigqiAUk
2017-11-08T16:36:39 <stegru> from the Set-Culture powershell command
2017-11-08T16:41:24 <Bosmon> Hi there kasparnet - so https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/549 is ready for another look, the CI is underway ...
2017-11-08T16:46:05 * mrtyler has quit
2017-11-08T16:46:09 * kavya joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:50:48 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:51:22 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:52:11 <kasparnet> coolio - cheers Bosmon
2017-11-08T16:53:05 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:53:09 <javjarfer> stegru, thanks for the code sample, and yes, the proper way will be to use the API for the most things we could
2017-11-08T16:54:13 <javjarfer> also, steve do you remember what happened with the pull request for accessing all x64 registry keys from a 32 bit process (node)?
2017-11-08T16:54:42 <stegru> i dunno, javjarfer
2017-11-08T16:55:12 <javjarfer> is that still an issue? I have a test failing in GPII-2521 and with kasparnet suggestions I think that might be the issue
2017-11-08T16:55:36 <javjarfer> is regarding to this issue, https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2573
2017-11-08T16:56:15 <stegru> well, it\'s in master
2017-11-08T16:57:01 <stegru> put "32:" or "64:" in front of the path.. "64:SOFTWARE/etc."
2017-11-08T16:57:49 <javjarfer> okay, so I think I know where this error is coming from
2017-11-08T16:57:56 <javjarfer> that is great, thanks you stegru
2017-11-08T16:58:01 <stegru> what error?
2017-11-08T16:58:21 <javjarfer> one test that is failing in the acceptance tests I wrote for the PR
2017-11-08T16:58:34 <stegru> oh, that one
2017-11-08T16:59:16 <javjarfer> and may be regarding to something not being set, and that may be because if I remember well, Ivosoft doesn\'t have repeated registry keys with the architecture inside the registry
2017-11-08T17:00:24 <javjarfer> I thought that the PR will make both paths checking (x86 and x64) automatically
2017-11-08T17:00:42 <javjarfer> but if I need to specify bitness, I think we have a winner for the fail
2017-11-08T17:00:56 <stegru> ah right
2017-11-08T17:01:23 <stegru> well, i think the CI is on 64-bit.. aren\'t you?
2017-11-08T17:01:42 <stegru> nevermind, my brain caught up
2017-11-08T17:02:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T17:10:36 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-08T17:11:57 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-08T17:12:05 * michelled has quit
2017-11-08T17:12:26 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-08T17:13:13 * michelled has quit
2017-11-08T17:13:32 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-08T17:14:14 * alanharnum has quit
2017-11-08T17:22:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T17:36:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T17:37:55 * alanharnum has quit
2017-11-08T17:38:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T17:54:55 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: Today\'s community meeting is on Biodiversity Research and Climate Monitoring on Galiano Island, BC. Unfortunately our guest will need to leave early, so we will have to try to start on time today. If you are able to help with the collaborative note taking, you can add notes to
2017-11-08T17:54:55 <Justin_o> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Nov+8%2C+2017%29+-+Biodiversity+Research+and+Climate+Monitoring+on+Galiano+Island%2C+BC
2017-11-08T17:59:08 <gmoss> Justin_o: are those of us in the IDRC going to meet in the Collab room or should we just connect from our own machines?
2017-11-08T17:59:44 <Justin_o> gmoss: we can meet in the collaboration room
2017-11-08T18:01:57 * clown has quit
2017-11-08T18:05:57 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-08T18:09:52 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-08T18:13:06 <danayo> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BdCKp_5ljypvjox7DsD4z6eJcNpBxZTr7jCi9znDvy4/edit?usp=sharing
2017-11-08T18:13:09 <danayo> community meeting notes ^
2017-11-08T18:17:04 * mrtyler has quit
2017-11-08T18:39:37 * cindyli has quit
2017-11-08T18:43:46 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: could you please add your notes and links to https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Nov+8%2C+2017%29+-+Biodiversity+Research+and+Climate+Monitoring+on+Galiano+Island%2C+BC
2017-11-08T19:03:06 <Justin_o> ah  i see there was also a google doc for notes.. i\'ll put a link to that on the wiki page as well.
2017-11-08T19:03:29 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-11-08T19:03:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-08T19:04:21 <danayo> thanks Justin_o
2017-11-08T19:05:20 <danayo> I missed your ping earlier about putting notes directly on the wiki - sorry!
2017-11-08T19:05:34 <danayo> Justin_o^
2017-11-08T19:05:35 * gtirloni has quit
2017-11-08T19:07:33 <danayo> Bosmon: how did you trace forward one of my observations to a scientific study?
2017-11-08T19:09:32 <danayo> oh I think I might have found it
2017-11-08T19:09:37 <Bosmon> danayo - I just traced it forward in a link, but I think after hearing Simon\'s talk that this is just some aggregation by GBIF that happens anyway
2017-11-08T19:09:42 <Bosmon> I founded it linked here: https://www.gbif.org/occurrence/1640102171
2017-11-08T19:09:55 <danayo> right, yes
2017-11-08T19:09:58 <Bosmon> "\xc2\xa9 Dana some rights reserved" : P
2017-11-08T19:10:03 <danayo> ha
2017-11-08T19:11:38 * amatas has quit
2017-11-08T19:12:02 <sepidehshahi> colinclark: and alanharnum can we meet at 2:30?
2017-11-08T19:12:10 <colinclark> sure that sounds great
2017-11-08T19:12:19 <alanharnum> sepidehshahi colinclark: sounds good to me
2017-11-08T19:12:28 <sepidehshahi> perfect! thanks
2017-11-08T19:18:47 * alanharnum has quit
2017-11-08T19:19:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T19:26:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T19:26:35 <danayo> fluid-everyone: Andrew says \xe2\x80\x9cwhat a wonderful privilege to connect with your community! Thanks so much to everyone there. if you see any grounds for collaboration, let me know! not sure how i can be of help but it looks like there are lots of wizards at IDRC!\xe2\x80\x9d
2017-11-08T19:27:05 <danayo> and shared this  - zoomable sunburst that actually contains text - https://www.jasondavies.com/coffee-wheel/
2017-11-08T19:27:36 <danayo> I too am grateful to work with wizards :D
2017-11-08T19:28:11 <sepidehshahi> that was a really great talk danayo, thank you so much for arranging it :)
2017-11-08T19:28:40 <danayo> my pleaseure sepidehshahi!
2017-11-08T19:29:17 <alanharnum> danayo: yeah, great talk, super-interesting
2017-11-08T19:29:24 <danayo> yay
2017-11-08T19:30:12 <danayo> I wish we\xe2\x80\x99d had more time for discussion - but maybe we can do a part II at some point
2017-11-08T19:32:29 <danayo> fluid-everyone: I love the interactivity of the coffee-wheel diagram!
2017-11-08T19:32:40 <danayo> dear wizards: how can we make it accessible??
2017-11-08T19:32:43 <danayo> :)
2017-11-08T19:34:46 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-11-08T19:36:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-08T19:40:09 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-08T19:41:00 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-08T19:45:37 * cindyli has quit
2017-11-08T19:46:43 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-08T19:48:58 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-08T20:00:43 * javjarfer has quit
2017-11-08T20:06:53 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-08T20:09:37 <Justin_o> danayo: haha good question.. it reminds me of daisy disk... i wonder if that\'s accessible at all.
2017-11-08T20:10:08 <Justin_o> https://daisydiskapp.com
2017-11-08T20:12:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-08T20:12:42 <danayo> I wonder Justin_o. That looks like a handy tool
2017-11-08T20:14:57 <Justin_o> it is, i had an old version on my personal machine.. really helpful if you are running out of disk space to find what\'s eating it all up. That visualization and drilling down works quite well for the task.
2017-11-08T20:18:13 * alanharnum has quit
2017-11-08T20:22:02 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-08T20:25:43 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-08T20:39:20 * kavya has quit
2017-11-08T20:39:36 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-08T20:40:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T20:56:40 <gmoss> simonjb: are you available for a quick question re the SJRK repo rejigging?
2017-11-08T20:58:38 <simonjb> gmoss: yes, totally
2017-11-08T20:59:12 <gmoss> simonjb: excellent. it may be easier to video-call you, if that\'s okay. does that work for you?
2017-11-08T21:00:37 <simonjb> gmoss: yes, that works for me, call me when it good for you
2017-11-08T21:01:29 <simonjb> gmoss: oops, call me again?
2017-11-08T21:15:00 <gmoss> alanharnum: simonjb and I have just briefly discussed the storytelling tool repo task (SJRK-16). As it stands, my account\'s new repo is a fork of your new one, and then I\'m making a PR against the fluid-project repo. This seems strange to me, so what I\'d like is for my fork to be directly descendant from the fluid-project repo. I\'ve just run this by Simon, but I figure I\'ll let you know as well. My plan is to:
2017-11-08T21:15:00 <gmoss> 1. delete my fork (and with it, I assume, the current PR)
2017-11-08T21:15:00 <gmoss> 2. make a fresh fork of fluid-project/sjrk-story-telling
2017-11-08T21:15:00 <gmoss> 3. clone it locally
2017-11-08T21:15:00 <gmoss> 4. set your fork as the upstream, fetch and merge
2017-11-08T21:15:00 <gmoss> 5. commit and push to my new fork
2017-11-08T21:15:00 <gmoss> 6. make a new PR from there against fluid-project
2017-11-08T21:15:01 <gmoss> What do you think? (if anyone else has an opinion, it\'s welcome!)
2017-11-08T21:15:42 <alanharnum> gmoss: sounds good to me, as long as you get the work that happened in my fork (license updates, etc)
2017-11-08T21:16:09 <gmoss> alanharnum: it should be captured in this process, and I\'ll make sure :)
2017-11-08T21:17:56 <alanharnum> gmoss: \xf0\x9f\x91\x8d
2017-11-08T21:18:16 <simonjb> gmoss: for myself, I would in 4. name the remote after the owner: git remote add waharnum https://github.com/waharnum/sjrk-story-telling.git
2017-11-08T21:18:30 <simonjb> that way you can manage lots of remotes
2017-11-08T21:18:33 <Justin_o> simonjb: gmoss\'s comment above made me wonder something.. in the past when you\'ve migrated repos? I assume that if someone had forked the repo before it was "moved" they would actually still point at the old one instead of the new project repo. Is that correct?
2017-11-08T21:18:35 <gmoss> simonjb: that is a good idea, to avoid any confusion
2017-11-08T21:18:50 <simonjb> which will happen if you are collaborating with lots of people
2017-11-08T21:19:07 <simonjb> I reserve the name "upstream" for the main, project, repo
2017-11-08T21:19:17 <simonjb> use "origin" for my fork
2017-11-08T21:19:24 <simonjb> and usernames for everything else
2017-11-08T21:19:39 <alanharnum> simonjb gmoss: yeah, that\'s my common practice too - I always name non-main repos after the people, upstream is the "central" repo (Linus is mad at me now), my fork is origin
2017-11-08T21:21:14 <simonjb> alanharnum: it\'s really GitHub that makes this \'central\' repo distinction :)
2017-11-08T21:24:31 <simonjb> Justin_o: regarding forking before \'moving\', that would be my guess, but I\'ve not tried it
2017-11-08T21:28:36 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-08T21:28:38 <gmoss> Justin_o: I think it would depend on what you mean by "moving". in this case we\'ve made a new repository and are merging the content in from the old one. There\'s no actual moving or transferring being done and so the old repository is still there, and forks of it will still point to it.
2017-11-08T21:28:45 <gmoss> I hope that\'s correct :)
2017-11-08T21:29:55 <simonjb> gmoss: my "which will happen..." comment lead in above was to follow my previous "that way you can manage lots of remotes", not in response to your "to avoid any confusion" :)
2017-11-08T21:30:03 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-08T21:30:40 <gmoss> simonjb: thanks for clarifying!
2017-11-08T21:32:15 <Justin_o> simonjb: so i think that forks pointing a the wrong repo may be an issue we want to think about at some point.. it probably depends on if there were many if any forks made already. The nice thing with transferring ownership is that all of the forks get rebased.
2017-11-08T21:33:04 <simonjb> yes, agreed Justin_o
2017-11-08T21:34:13 <Justin_o> i wonder if in githubs view of things, if it can even tell that the original repo and new project repo are even related.. that is would show up on the list of forks and also if the original repo is deleted, then ownership would actually transfer to some other fork which could cause problems.
2017-11-08T21:36:28 <simonjb> Justin_o: with regards to our strategy of adding personal repo as remote and merging? I believe that there would be no relationship of the GitHub fork type, but there would be commits in common.
2017-11-08T21:38:35 <gmoss> Justin_o, simonjb: taking a look at the forks list, it doesn\'t currently seem to link up to the old repo https://github.com/fluid-project/sjrk-story-telling/network/members
2017-11-08T21:38:55 <simonjb> in looking a little at this yesterday, I did find: \'To detach the fork and turn it into a standalone repository on GitHub, contact GitHub Support. If the fork has forks of its own, let support know if the forks should move with your repository into a new network or remain in the current network. For more information, see "About forks.\' [https://help.github.com/articles/why-are-my-contribu
2017-11-08T21:38:55 <simonjb> tions-not-showing-up-on-my-profile/#commit-was-made-in-a-fork]
2017-11-08T21:39:11 <simonjb> I\'m not sure if that is something that would be useful
2017-11-08T21:40:56 <simonjb> It would make sense that turning forks into regular repos wouldn\'t be available through the UI (as in GitHub the non-fork has some sort of central \'authority\')
'

b'2017-11-08T00:13:44 * avtar has quit
2017-11-08T01:09:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-08T02:48:02 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-08T03:12:00 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-08T03:23:37 * mrtyler has quit
2017-11-08T05:35:47 * danayo has quit
2017-11-08T06:06:11 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-08T07:51:47 * mrtyler has quit
2017-11-08T07:58:50 * grrrero has quit
2017-11-08T08:01:08 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-11-08T08:25:57 * javjarfer has quit
2017-11-08T08:27:04 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-11-08T08:29:40 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-08T08:58:40 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-08T09:06:22 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-11-08T09:10:15 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-11-08T09:43:23 * amatas has quit
2017-11-08T09:43:23 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-11-08T09:47:59 * gloob has quit
2017-11-08T09:49:07 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-08T09:49:07 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-11-08T09:58:43 * gloob joined the channel
2017-11-08T09:59:22 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-11-08T10:03:36 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-11-08T10:10:53 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-11-08T10:37:53 * amatas has quit
2017-11-08T11:00:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-08T11:20:43 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-08T12:06:55 <Bosmon> Hey there gtirloni :)
2017-11-08T12:07:05 <gtirloni> hey!
2017-11-08T12:08:41 <Bosmon> Welcome back
2017-11-08T12:08:46 <Bosmon> Hope you\'re feeling a bit better!
2017-11-08T12:10:40 <gtirloni> thanks, a bit better today yeah.. should be fully recovered in a few days :)
2017-11-08T12:10:54 <gtirloni> how are things going?
2017-11-08T12:11:19 <Bosmon> I think it is going generally ok
2017-11-08T12:11:29 <gtirloni> cool
2017-11-08T12:20:29 <Bosmon> gtirloni - I wondered if I could pick your brains about the best way to adapt our CI support for infusion-docs
2017-11-08T12:20:44 <Bosmon> Recently we just merged this giant pull from the-t-in-rtf - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/129
2017-11-08T12:20:54 <Bosmon> This offers two important new kinds of integrity checks
2017-11-08T12:21:19 <Bosmon> Firstly, linting of markdown itself and then also JS, JSON and JSON5 code blocks within the markdown which is operated by "grunt lint"
2017-11-08T12:21:30 <Bosmon> And then secondly a link integrity check which is run by npm test
2017-11-08T12:21:50 <Bosmon> Would it be possible to have these added as CI jobs on pulls as well as on each commit to master?
2017-11-08T12:22:52 <gtirloni> yep, definitely. let me create a JIRA for that and assign to myself
2017-11-08T12:25:38 <Bosmon> gtirloni - awesome, thanks!
2017-11-08T12:26:00 <gtirloni> np, FLUID-6222
2017-11-08T12:26:11 <Bosmon> Is this something that developers should be able to take care of for themselves or do we generally not have the appropriate permissions on the relevant repository?
2017-11-08T12:29:01 <gtirloni> right now that lives in the fluid-project/ci-service repository... developers should have access to it but the learning curve is a bit steep. plus it needs to be converted from a regular "just copy files" job to a more elaborate "pipeline" job, it can get complicated for someone starting to work on that for the first time. Avtar is testing an alternative that should allow everybody to modify that much more easily but it\'s not ready yet..
2017-11-08T12:29:01 <gtirloni> I\'m thinking I can go ahead and modify this myself to validate the operations and then we can convert it to the user friendly format (that will live inside each repository, not in a central/ops-managed repo like today)
2017-11-08T12:29:42 <Bosmon> gtirloni - sounds awesome, thanks
2017-11-08T12:32:51 * stegru has quit
2017-11-08T12:34:02 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-08T12:45:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-08T13:08:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T13:19:51 * javjarfer has quit
2017-11-08T13:22:47 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-08T13:24:52 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-08T13:26:45 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-11-08T13:50:54 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-11-08T13:58:13 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:08:43 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:11:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:15:13 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:17:45 <kasparnet> hye Bosmon
2017-11-08T14:18:43 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:19:10 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:23:42 * alanharnum has quit
2017-11-08T14:32:28 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-08T14:32:50 * kavya joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:34:27 * jessm joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:43:45 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-11-08T14:48:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:49:16 * colinclark has quit
2017-11-08T14:52:05 * Guest62447 joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:52:23 * Guest62447 has quit
2017-11-08T14:54:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:55:07 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-08T14:55:29 <Bosmon> kasparnet - hi there KASPARDNIET!
2017-11-08T15:00:22 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-08T15:00:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-08T15:00:53 <kasparnet> am I here again?
2017-11-08T15:00:56 <kasparnet> perhaps yes
2017-11-08T15:01:09 <kasparnet> hey there Bosmon, sorry for the flakey presence
2017-11-08T15:01:21 <kasparnet> here now (hoepfully)
2017-11-08T15:01:48 <kasparnet> I was pinging you about you pull request dependency chain :)
2017-11-08T15:02:09 <kasparnet> I have this pull request: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/556
2017-11-08T15:02:41 <kasparnet> which is part of your pull request: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/549
2017-11-08T15:03:06 <Bosmon> Ah right
2017-11-08T15:04:03 <kasparnet> which is part of my pull request: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/561
2017-11-08T15:04:06 <Bosmon> Ok, GPII-2626 looks great
2017-11-08T15:04:09 <Bosmon> Let\'s get the top one in first
2017-11-08T15:04:54 <kasparnet> (I had actually created the latter towards your repo, but as it makes more sense to make it towards GPII i just created 561)
2017-11-08T15:05:18 <Bosmon> Just running the tests for #556 again as a sanity check
2017-11-08T15:05:19 <kasparnet> Bosmon: I just made a few comments on your GPII-2383, but they\'re very minor and other than those, everything in it looks fine
2017-11-08T15:05:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T15:10:38 <kasparnet> cool, chers Bosmon
2017-11-08T15:15:11 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-08T15:15:15 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2017-11-08T15:18:58 * simonjb has quit
2017-11-08T15:23:40 <Bosmon> kasparnet - ok, #556 is merged and I\'m looking at your comments on #549
2017-11-08T15:23:51 <Bosmon> Interesting point about the mount point of the lifecycleManager
2017-11-08T15:24:03 <Bosmon> I\'ve tried moving it to flowManager.local and nothing obvious seems to have blown up
2017-11-08T15:24:10 <Bosmon> Doing a full test run now ....
2017-11-08T15:27:58 <kasparnet> great
2017-11-08T15:28:39 * kasparnet is crossing fingers for wednesday without explosions
2017-11-08T15:39:01 <kasparnet> yay - thanks for the merge antranig Bosmon
2017-11-08T15:39:46 <Bosmon> OK, amazingly it worked
2017-11-08T15:40:47 <kasparnet> hehe, I liked how surprised you are that the cloudbased fm isn\'t dependent on the lifecycle manager :)
2017-11-08T15:48:44 * avtar joined the channel
2017-11-08T15:53:16 <cindyli1> Bosmon: with the work on my GPII-2511 branch, the GPII cloud will have a new endpoint /untrusted-preferences to support the PSP preferences update. do you want me to modify the local flow manager to send requests to this new endpoint for PSP. The use of this new API needs to request an access token first
2017-11-08T15:54:15 <Bosmon> kasparnet - well who knows, it does a lot of matchmaking stuff : P
2017-11-08T15:54:34 <Bosmon> cindyli1 - remind me what the existing endpoint is called
2017-11-08T15:54:42 <Bosmon> Is it /untrusted-settings?
2017-11-08T15:54:44 <cindyli1> yes
2017-11-08T15:54:49 <Bosmon> They should really be called the same thing
2017-11-08T15:54:52 <kasparnet> hehe, true true
2017-11-08T15:55:09 <Bosmon> I know it will be a decision which will cause confusion
2017-11-08T15:55:14 * clown_mtg has quit
2017-11-08T15:55:26 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-08T15:55:28 <Bosmon> But I think it will cause even more confusion to have the read and write ends of the same endpoint with different names : P
2017-11-08T15:55:57 <cindyli1> Bosmon: ok, i will make change to that. so GET to /untrusted-settings retrieves user settings while PUT updates preferences
2017-11-08T15:56:18 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2017-11-08T15:57:00 * kavya has quit
2017-11-08T15:57:36 <cindyli> Bosmon: shall i update the local flow manager to send PUT requests or kasparnet will do it ;)
2017-11-08T15:58:14 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes, please could you do it :)
2017-11-08T15:58:30 <Bosmon> cindyli - note that there is this upcoming diff in the CBFM: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/549/files#diff-5849dc7399970f8a5a589c7764012d2fR275
2017-11-08T15:58:38 <Bosmon> Currently it simply sends the entire preferences doc
2017-11-08T15:58:39 <cindyli> ok, i will need to know what triggers the PUT to be sent when i start that work
2017-11-08T15:58:58 <Bosmon> But in the end kasparnet will write sufficient matchMaker magic so that it can send only "the pre-image of settings" : P
2017-11-08T15:59:35 <Bosmon> cindyli - the answer to that is in kasparnet \'s current branch https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/561
2017-11-08T16:00:34 <cindyli> whoa, fairly big
2017-11-08T16:00:43 <cindyli> thanks. will read
2017-11-08T16:02:24 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:12:58 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-11-08T16:17:43 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:18:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:18:23 * alanharnum has quit
2017-11-08T16:18:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:19:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:19:23 * clown_mtg has quit
2017-11-08T16:20:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-11-08T16:20:16 * sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2017-11-08T16:23:46 * alanharnum has quit
2017-11-08T16:24:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-08T16:29:22 <stegru> javjarfer gloob : I\'ve added a small comment in the spreadsheet about the date/time/number - also, if just saying "set all these values to the default for es-ES" is enough, then you can do that in powershell
2017-11-08T16:29:41 <stegru> line 186
2017-11-08T16:31:27 <gloob> stegru: how is that on the fly behaviour from the settings handler point of view?
2017-11-08T16:32:13 <gloob> or you just set SetLocaleInfo and that is
2017-11-08T16:32:36 <gloob> ah I see, setlocale and broadcast it to others
2017-11-08T16:32:43 <stegru> you broadcast a message, WM_SYSTEMCHANGE (or whaever it is)
2017-11-08T16:32:47 <stegru> yes
'

