b'2017-05-01T00:09:26 * stegru has quit
2017-05-01T00:54:03 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-05-01T02:09:44 * danayo joined the channel
2017-05-01T03:36:50 * danayo joined the channel
2017-05-01T04:26:10 * kook_ joined the channel
2017-05-01T04:26:24 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-05-01T04:51:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-05-01T04:53:52 * Justin_o has quit
2017-05-01T08:12:23 * amatas joined the channel
2017-05-01T08:41:03 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-05-01T08:41:53 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-05-01T08:51:53 * amatas has quit
2017-05-01T09:11:48 * amatas joined the channel
2017-05-01T09:28:28 * amatas has quit
2017-05-01T10:01:56 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-05-01T11:08:06 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-05-01T11:37:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-05-01T11:51:53 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-05-01T12:40:40 * jessm joined the channel
2017-05-01T12:48:16 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-05-01T12:48:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T13:01:20 * jhung joined the channel
2017-05-01T13:05:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon, cindyli: is there a Windows VM for GPII development?
2017-05-01T13:06:31 <cindyli> Justin_o: yes, i think only for the gpii/windows repo
2017-05-01T13:06:58 <Justin_o> cindyli: when you say only for the gpii/windows repo what does that mean exactly?
2017-05-01T13:07:01 <cindyli> gpii/universal repo uses centos7
2017-05-01T13:07:58 <cindyli> Justin_o: if you pull down https://github.com/gpii/universal and run "vagrant up", a windows vm will be downloaded and started in gpii dev mode
2017-05-01T13:08:15 <cindyli> sorry, wrong repo, should be https://github.com/gpii/windows
2017-05-01T13:08:35 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks, i\'m just reading the readme there, but it sounds like it\'s only for running the tests and not for developing
2017-05-01T13:10:49 <cindyli> Justin_o: i think it\'s probably more than for testing. gloob might know better
2017-05-01T13:11:09 <cindyli> and Steve Grudell but he\'s not online right now
2017-05-01T13:13:35 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks, i\'ll probably need to dig up my windows vm and get it all setup
2017-05-01T13:13:37 <cindyli> Justin_o: more than "testing" i mean more than running unit and acceptance tests. the VM very likely should have been set up for key-in process etc
2017-05-01T13:14:55 <Justin_o> cindyli: hmm.. okay, maybe i\'ll try that out first. I only really need it to test the browser extension anyways
2017-05-01T13:15:01 <Justin_o> so it might be enough
2017-05-01T13:15:14 <cindyli> ok
2017-05-01T13:45:15 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-05-01T13:45:28 * clown joined the channel
2017-05-01T13:47:36 * michelled joined the channel
2017-05-01T13:51:52 * kavya joined the channel
2017-05-01T14:11:43 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-05-01T14:14:51 * stegru joined the channel
2017-05-01T14:17:23 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-05-01T14:26:39 * kavya has quit
2017-05-01T14:49:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-05-01T15:07:25 * avtar joined the channel
2017-05-01T15:07:46 <avtar> the-t-in-rtf: my vidyo room is unlocked
2017-05-01T15:07:51 <the-t-in-rtf> yay.
2017-05-01T15:08:31 <the-t-in-rtf> s\xe2\x80\xa6t\xe2\x80\xa6 a\xe2\x80\xa6 r\xe2\x80\xa6 t\xe2\x80\xa6. i\xe2\x80\xa6 n\xe2\x80\xa6. g\xe2\x80\xa6.
2017-05-01T15:18:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T15:18:26 <avtar> the-t-in-rtf: https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/
2017-05-01T15:19:32 <michelled> alanharnum, simonjb, colinclark: does this afternoon or tomorrow afternoon work for you to do a next steps for the science lab meeting?
2017-05-01T15:19:46 <alanharnum> michelled: either of those should work for me.
2017-05-01T15:20:47 <simonjb> michelled: either is good for me also
2017-05-01T15:21:46 <avtar> the-t-in-rtf: https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/configuration/advanced-configuration.html#the-runners-section
2017-05-01T15:21:54 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-05-01T15:28:44 <michelled> colinclark, simonjb, alanharnum: let\'s meet after the PhET hackathon tomorrow
2017-05-01T15:28:48 <michelled> so probably 3:00
2017-05-01T15:29:04 <colinclark> that works particularly well for me
2017-05-01T15:29:27 <simonjb> michelled: good for me
2017-05-01T15:40:46 <the-t-in-rtf> @avtar: https://www.pastiebin.com/590756f401f10
2017-05-01T15:45:22 * Justin_o has quit
2017-05-01T15:51:29 * Caren joined the channel
2017-05-01T15:52:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T15:57:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T15:59:27 * michelled has quit
2017-05-01T16:31:02 * avtar has quit
2017-05-01T16:31:52 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2017-05-01T16:35:37 * avtar joined the channel
2017-05-01T16:41:13 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-05-01T16:52:06 * alanharnum has quit
2017-05-01T16:53:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T16:57:01 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-05-01T16:59:41 * alanharn_ has quit
2017-05-01T17:10:01 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-05-01T17:11:28 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2017-05-01T17:12:35 * michelled joined the channel
2017-05-01T17:15:08 * avtar joined the channel
2017-05-01T17:17:26 * amatas joined the channel
2017-05-01T17:23:35 <Justin_o> simonjb: hello, just reminding you that you and alan are scheduled to lead this weeks community meeting
2017-05-01T17:24:00 <Justin_o> regarding making infusion components with the nexus as a feature for that
2017-05-01T17:24:24 <simonjb> thanks Justin_o
2017-05-01T17:24:49 <Justin_o> simonjb: no problem, i\'m going to send out the e-mails shortly, was there anything you wanted me to include in them?
2017-05-01T17:25:13 <simonjb> Justin_o: I have no idea what the workshop will be yet
2017-05-01T17:25:51 <simonjb> I\'ll chat with Alan and we can make a plan
2017-05-01T17:26:01 <Justin_o> simonjb: okay, i\'ll just mention it\'s about making infusion components and we\'ll try to hook them up to the nexus or something like that for now. does that sound okay?
2017-05-01T17:26:10 <Justin_o> I could also send the e-mails tomorrow if you\'d prefer
2017-05-01T17:26:49 <simonjb> Justin_o: let me chat to Alan and get back to you
2017-05-01T17:26:56 <Justin_o> simonjb: sounds good
2017-05-01T17:31:08 * stegru has quit
2017-05-01T17:32:30 <michelled> cindyli: could you merge this pull request? I reviewed and tested it: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/12
2017-05-01T17:32:36 * stegru joined the channel
2017-05-01T17:32:42 * Caren has quit
2017-05-01T17:33:02 <simonjb> hi Bosmon Bosmon8, Alan and I are scheduled for this week\'s community meeting with topic "Workshop on creating Infusion Components making (featuring the Nexus)"
2017-05-01T17:33:18 <cindyli> michelled: CI fails on it?
2017-05-01T17:33:45 <michelled> ah, right, I meant to ask avtar about that - it seems that CI fails quite regularly on that branch
2017-05-01T17:33:55 <simonjb> Bosmon, Bosmon8: we were wondering if you might be available for some thinking about what to cover in the meeting?
2017-05-01T17:35:15 * Caren joined the channel
2017-05-01T17:36:39 * Caren has quit
2017-05-01T17:42:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T17:43:16 <michelled> cindyli: it looks like it would pass if the hst branch was merged in - I\'ll ask Bosmon to update the branch
2017-05-01T17:45:05 <cindyli> ok
2017-05-01T17:45:56 <cindyli> michelled: is the hst branch ready to be merged into the master too?
2017-05-01T17:46:08 <michelled> cindyli: no
2017-05-01T17:46:59 <cindyli> michelled: if Bosmon merged the hst branch into this branch, this branch would not be ready to go into the master then
2017-05-01T17:47:40 <michelled> no, his pull request is just to the hst branch, cindyli
2017-05-01T17:47:59 <cindyli> ah. i see, michelled
2017-05-01T18:00:08 <simonjb> Justin_o: I just cc\'ed you on an email to Antranig about the community meeting
2017-05-01T18:00:14 <simonjb> with some topic ideas
2017-05-01T18:01:52 * simonjb has quit
2017-05-01T18:36:06 * stegru has quit
2017-05-01T18:38:25 * stegru joined the channel
2017-05-01T18:41:54 <Justin_o> cindyli: do you have time tomorrow to talk about the browser extensions for GPII?
2017-05-01T18:42:05 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2017-05-01T18:42:54 <Justin_o> cindyli: that\'s great, i have time before the design crit between lunch and 2pm. do those work for you and do you have a preference?
2017-05-01T18:43:24 <cindyli> Justin_o: i\'m fine with either
2017-05-01T18:44:02 <cindyli> let\'s do 9-10am
2017-05-01T18:44:09 <Justin_o> cindyli: sounds good
2017-05-01T19:24:27 * michelled joined the channel
2017-05-01T19:48:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T20:12:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T20:34:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T20:47:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T20:57:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-05-01T21:06:59 * kook_ has quit
2017-05-01T21:24:06 * michelled has quit
2017-05-01T21:35:32 * jessm has quit
2017-05-01T21:36:18 * avtar joined the channel
2017-05-01T21:49:27 * amatas has quit
2017-05-01T22:40:37 * avtar has quit
2017-05-01T22:41:31 * stegru has quit
2017-05-01T23:09:49 * Justin_o has quit
2017-05-01T23:15:35 * Bosmon8 has quit
'

