b'2017-11-23T20:03:20 <Justin_o> we could re-open them, but it would be helpful to know why they were closed so that we wouldn\'t reopen ones that we actually marked as won\'t fix, regardless
2017-11-23T20:03:43 <michelled> I think it would be clearer to not archive projects that we are expecting to pick up again
2017-11-23T20:04:00 <Justin_o> also, if you think we shouldn\'t archive some of the repos, that\'s okay too, we don\'t have to do all of the ones i mentioned if there is reason not too..
2017-11-23T20:04:16 <michelled> I think it\'s just the three I mentioned
2017-11-23T20:04:27 <michelled> the others seem like great candidates for archiving
2017-11-23T20:04:33 <Justin_o> michelled: okay, would you mind to reply to list about those ones.
2017-11-23T20:04:39 <michelled> for sure
2017-11-23T20:04:48 <Justin_o> michelled: did you have thoughts on what to do about the prefsEditros one?
2017-11-23T20:04:57 <Justin_o> that\'s a fork from gpii
2017-11-23T20:05:11 <Justin_o> do we still need the exploration tool demo for example?
2017-11-23T20:06:33 <michelled> well, what do you mean do we need it?
2017-11-23T20:06:45 <michelled> do we think we\'ll continue work on it - not
2017-11-23T20:06:54 <michelled> do we need to link to it to show to people - yes
2017-11-23T20:11:19 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-23T20:11:45 <michelled> Justin_o: it looks like the fork of the prefsEditor repo doesn\'t have any changes from the GPII repo - is that right?
2017-11-23T20:14:56 <Justin_o> michelled: yes.. it looked to be in sync with the GPII repo
2017-11-23T20:15:23 <Justin_o> michelled: so what do you think of us hooking the build directly to the GPII repo instead of the fork.. well actually it might already be the case i don\'t actually know what it\'s built off of
2017-11-23T20:17:07 <Justin_o> gtirloni: do you know which git repo that the Preferences Editors build is coming from?
2017-11-23T20:18:18 <Justin_o> actually i found it now, it is coming from fluid-project.. so i think if we just switch it to point at GPII\'s instance instead, we should be good
2017-11-23T20:18:25 <Justin_o> gtirloni: do you know what would need to happen for that?
2017-11-23T20:18:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-23T20:18:46 <gtirloni> Justin_o: the instance is running from this docker image: https://hub.docker.com/r/gpii/first-discovery-server/
2017-11-23T20:19:21 <gtirloni> and it\'s building from this repo: https://github.com/GPII/ci-service/blob/master/jenkins_jobs/docker-gpii-first-discovery-server.yml#L31
2017-11-23T20:19:23 <Justin_o> gtirloni: ah not first discovery, this demo https://build.fluidproject.org/prefsEditors/demos/explorationTool/
2017-11-23T20:19:26 <Justin_o> the exploration tool
2017-11-23T20:19:35 <gtirloni> sorry
2017-11-23T20:19:44 <Justin_o> no problem, they all sound the same :)
2017-11-23T20:19:48 <Justin_o> i think it\'s this one https://ci.fluidproject.org/blue/organizations/jenkins/prefsEditors/detail/prefsEditors/10/pipeline
2017-11-23T20:20:40 <gtirloni> right, it\'s building from fluid-project as you said (https://github.com/fluid-project/ci-service/blob/master/jenkins_jobs/prefs-editors.yml#L7)
2017-11-23T20:21:44 <Justin_o> gtirloni: what would we need to do to switch that to pull from https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors instead
2017-11-23T20:21:45 <gtirloni> the CI job is only copying files over for the deployment, should something be changed here? https://github.com/fluid-project/prefsEditors
2017-11-23T20:21:50 <gtirloni> ah ok
2017-11-23T20:22:07 <gtirloni> just a change in this file: https://github.com/fluid-project/ci-service/blob/master/jenkins_jobs/prefs-editors.yml
2017-11-23T20:22:32 <Justin_o> would a hook need to be added to the repo as well?
2017-11-23T20:22:51 <gtirloni> yes, github needs to point to Fluid\'s CI
2017-11-23T20:24:21 <Justin_o> gtirloni: okay, do we know who has access to do that?
2017-11-23T20:24:43 <gtirloni> let me see, i think i should have
2017-11-23T20:24:53 <Justin_o> ah okay, that would be great
2017-11-23T20:25:24 <gtirloni> yeah, I have admin access to the repo.. I can fix that. so I can make the change now?
2017-11-23T20:26:20 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i think so, does that seem okay michelled?
2017-11-23T20:28:55 <michelled> yeah, that seems great
2017-11-23T20:29:51 <Justin_o> michelled: thanks
2017-11-23T20:30:03 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yes, please make those changes
2017-11-23T20:33:17 <gtirloni> ok done
2017-11-23T20:33:23 <gtirloni> build triggered by github: https://ci.fluidproject.org/job/prefsEditors/11/
2017-11-23T20:33:43 <gtirloni> please check if everything looks ok :)
2017-11-23T20:37:54 <Justin_o> gtirloni: okay, so something\'s wrong, but it might have already been a problem.. the TTS isn\'t wokring
2017-11-23T20:38:04 <Justin_o> i believe this one uses the festival text to speech server
2017-11-23T20:38:09 <Justin_o> is that still up and running?
2017-11-23T20:38:16 <Justin_o> tts.idrc.ocadu.ca
2017-11-23T20:38:38 <gtirloni> yeah, is it pointing to http or https?
2017-11-23T20:38:38 <Justin_o> ah, it might have to do with https
2017-11-23T20:38:44 <Justin_o> it\'s pointing to http
2017-11-23T20:39:07 <Justin_o> here\'s an example of a request
2017-11-23T20:39:07 <Justin_o> http://tts.idrc.ocadu.ca/?q=text%20to%20speech%20enabled
2017-11-23T20:39:23 <gtirloni> ok, something is wrong with the certificate. one sec.
2017-11-23T20:41:15 <gtirloni> i\'m creating a new certificate that includes tts.idrc.ocadu.ca, somehow missed that.. it should take a few minutes though
2017-11-23T20:41:29 <Justin_o> gtirloni: okay, thanks for the help
2017-11-23T20:43:32 <gtirloni> this is TTS\'s fault! it had HTTPS way before all other services.. but it was before we had centralized cert management..  #shame
2017-11-23T20:43:58 <gtirloni> tts is so hipster :)
2017-11-23T20:44:04 <gtirloni> but it should be fixed in 5min
2017-11-23T20:44:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-23T20:46:13 <Justin_o> lol
2017-11-23T21:13:10 <gtirloni> Justin_o: tts should be okay now, sorry for the delay
2017-11-23T21:16:32 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i don\'t know if this related to any of the changes or not, but sometimes it can\'t seem to decode the text for tts
2017-11-23T21:17:28 <Justin_o> gtirloni: are you getting any errors from the server?
2017-11-23T21:17:40 <Justin_o> i wonder if it\'s because the request is actually being made to the http version instead of https?
2017-11-23T21:18:46 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-23T21:24:37 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-23T21:35:57 <gtirloni> do you mean from the prefsEditor or directly from https://tts... ?
2017-11-23T21:36:02 <gtirloni> how can I test it from the prefsEditor
2017-11-23T21:38:11 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-23T21:50:34 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-23T21:54:48 * amatas has quit
2017-11-23T21:55:00 <Justin_o> gtirloni: if you go to https://build.fluidproject.org/prefsEditors/demos/explorationTool/
2017-11-23T21:55:11 <Justin_o> click on "doesn\'t make sense" at the bottom
2017-11-23T21:55:18 <Justin_o> then click on speak
2017-11-23T21:55:21 <Justin_o> it should read out the whole page
2017-11-23T22:00:03 <gtirloni> here i see requests to http://tts.idrc.ocadu.ca which gets redirected to https://
2017-11-23T22:00:10 <gtirloni> it says "text to speech enabled" and stops
2017-11-23T22:01:09 <gtirloni> after it says that, it does this request before stopping: http://tts.idrc.ocadu.ca/?q=%E2%80%94
2017-11-23T22:01:32 <gtirloni> that\'s just "\xe2\x80\x94"
2017-11-23T22:04:30 <gtirloni> after I enabled tts, if I reload the page it starts reading everything
2017-11-23T22:05:19 <gtirloni> ah, i have to hover over things? it\'s reading here
2017-11-23T22:06:22 <gtirloni> hmm maybe not. well, i don\'t know how it\'s choosing what to read but it seems tts is replying when the requests are made
2017-11-23T22:06:23 <gtirloni> :)
2017-11-23T22:06:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-23T22:10:15 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i\'m finding if i turn on speak the first time it stops where you mention, but if i turn it off and back on (without reloading) it reads okay
2017-11-23T22:10:17 <Justin_o> strange
2017-11-23T22:11:43 <gtirloni> yea, it\'s odd
2017-11-23T22:12:57 <Justin_o> ah so something i\'m noticing, i was a bit mistaken.. actually fluid-project/prefsEditor was behind GPII/prefsEditor but i don\'t think those changes touched this demo.. i\'ll look a bit more though
2017-11-23T22:14:30 <Justin_o> yah doesn\'t look like those other changes touched this demo
2017-11-23T22:14:33 <Justin_o> so should still be the same
2017-11-23T22:16:27 <Justin_o> gtirloni: I\'m trying it from my local machine and getting a similar experience from the fluid-project/prefsEditors code
2017-11-23T22:19:22 <Justin_o> gtirloni: actually in FF it\'s better if i make the request URL go to https directly
2017-11-23T22:19:39 <Justin_o> the performance in other browsers isn\'t great, but i can\'t remember what the support of this feature was supposed to be
2017-11-23T22:20:07 <Justin_o> cindyli: are you still working?
2017-11-23T22:22:51 <cindyli> Justin_o: no, i\'m not. what\'s up
2017-11-23T22:23:49 <Justin_o> cindyli: just going to file a small PR for gpii/prefsEditors. Was going to ask you to review it
2017-11-23T22:23:53 <Justin_o> but it can wait till tomorrow
2017-11-23T22:24:03 <cindyli> ok
2017-11-23T22:25:42 <Justin_o> gtirloni: I filed a PR to update the request to use https https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/pull/109
2017-11-23T22:25:50 * simonjb has quit
2017-11-23T22:26:09 <gtirloni> cool, thanks. that should shave a few milliseconds from initial requests
2017-11-23T22:26:33 <gtirloni> i\'m logging off, if there\'s anything else i can help with, let me know :) thanks for investigating this
2017-11-23T23:35:23 * stegru has quit
2017-11-23T23:39:43 * grrrero has quit
'

b'2017-11-23T01:41:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-23T02:33:22 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-23T04:38:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-23T05:27:53 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-23T06:57:38 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-23T08:24:00 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-23T09:02:57 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-23T09:32:45 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-23T10:12:49 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-11-23T10:19:06 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-23T12:01:53 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-11-23T12:07:29 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-11-23T12:12:12 * georgit joined the channel
2017-11-23T12:12:26 * dandimitrov__ joined the channel
2017-11-23T12:12:29 * dandimitrov_ has quit
2017-11-23T12:12:31 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-11-23T12:18:22 * stegru has quit
2017-11-23T13:11:00 * gtirloni has quit
2017-11-23T13:29:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-23T13:31:47 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-23T13:33:17 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-23T13:35:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-23T13:54:47 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-23T14:09:33 * jessm joined the channel
2017-11-23T14:10:24 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-23T14:12:59 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-11-23T14:16:07 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-23T14:22:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2017-11-23T14:22:59 <Justin_o> I\'m looking into progressing the work for FLUID-6209.. i have the basic workflow implemented with tests.. but now i\'m thinking of adding in the hooks for doing other things like fetch before or after write..
2017-11-23T14:23:14 <Justin_o> i\'m looking at using fluid.promise.fireTransformEvent for this
2017-11-23T14:23:26 * jhernandez has quit
2017-11-23T14:23:43 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-11-23T14:24:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i wonder if there is a danger though to mixing the workflows.. that is, if a fetch can trigger a write, or a write can trigger a fetch, you could end up with a circular dependency
2017-11-23T14:24:43 <Justin_o> perhaps that\'s something that an integrator would have to worry about?
2017-11-23T14:25:00 <Justin_o> because by default i probably wouldn\'t tie any of those things together
2017-11-23T14:28:27 * jhernandez has quit
2017-11-23T14:28:42 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-11-23T14:39:31 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, we can deal with these subtleties later
2017-11-23T14:39:43 <Bosmon> These would just be convenience configurations for an integrator who knew they wanted such things
2017-11-23T14:40:22 <Bosmon> Although given the purpose of the the read or write would be to bring models further into sync, you would expect them to act to minimise conflicts rather than create them
2017-11-23T14:40:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, true
2017-11-23T14:42:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i\'m looking into building in the hook points for expanding the flow, but we will have to take things into consideration mostly around in flight status and when we trigger then next thing from a queue
2017-11-23T14:42:25 <Justin_o> those are all considered at the moment, but will have to change a bit when you can combine a write and fetch together
2017-11-23T14:43:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: should i file a PR for what\'s in place in my branch now.. or should i try to build in these hooks first?
2017-11-23T14:43:32 * jhung1 joined the channel
2017-11-23T14:43:53 * jhung has quit
2017-11-23T14:45:04 <Bosmon> Well, let\'s take a look at how it stands now
2017-11-23T14:47:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6209/src/framework/core/js/DataBinding.js#L954-L1071
2017-11-23T14:48:00 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2017-11-23T14:48:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and here are the tests https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6209/tests/framework-tests/core/js/DataBindingTests.js#L2930-L3260
2017-11-23T14:48:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-23T14:50:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-23T15:11:49 * georgit has quit
2017-11-23T15:14:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-23T15:22:28 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-23T15:24:53 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-23T15:28:29 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-23T15:30:14 <Justin_o> cindyli: do you have time to remind me how the default values for preferences are used in the prefs framework?
2017-11-23T15:31:00 <Justin_o> cindyli: ah i think i see now.. it\'s store in the intialModel member
2017-11-23T15:31:26 <cindyli> great\xe2\x80\xa6 was trying to recall ;)
2017-11-23T15:41:35 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-23T15:42:44 <Justin_o> haha.. yah it\'s been so long
2017-11-23T15:51:48 <jhernandez> Bosmon, stegru: FYI, I won\'t be available for the windows meeting today
2017-11-23T15:52:02 <stegru> that\'s a shame
2017-11-23T15:52:29 <jhernandez> I know
2017-11-23T15:52:34 <jhernandez> :/
2017-11-23T15:57:58 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-23T16:13:46 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-23T16:18:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-23T16:20:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-23T16:20:55 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-11-23T16:24:23 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-11-23T17:22:00 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-23T17:32:52 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-23T17:32:54 <Bosmon> Hi javjarfer[m], stegru - I\'m not sure I can host the meeting anyway
2017-11-23T17:33:03 <Bosmon> Is there anything urgent or shall we put it off to next week?
2017-11-23T17:33:19 <stegru> I have nothing urgent, Bosmon
2017-11-23T17:33:41 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-23T17:33:41 <stegru> and javjarfer[m] has no sense of urgency, being spanish
2017-11-23T17:33:48 <Bosmon> ha ha ha ha ha
2017-11-23T17:34:01 <gloob> it is a delayed urgency
2017-11-23T17:34:04 <gloob> same here
2017-11-23T17:34:22 <clown> so here I am waiting for the meeting to start for a change.  but, I could eat lunch instead.
2017-11-23T17:35:28 <javjarfer[m]> > and javjarfer[m] has no sense of urgency, being spanish
2017-11-23T17:35:29 <javjarfer[m]> hahahaha
2017-11-23T17:35:30 <clown> so, Bosmon, I have nothing urgent either.  Meeting off, then?
2017-11-23T17:35:37 <javjarfer[m]> > it is a delayed urgency
2017-11-23T17:35:38 <javjarfer[m]> we have new concept here
2017-11-23T17:35:49 <Bosmon> Yes, let\'s punt it
2017-11-23T17:35:56 <clown> procrastination in urgency.
2017-11-23T17:35:59 <clown> what a concept.
2017-11-23T17:36:01 <Bosmon> I have no desire to log in as Eugene on gotomeeting and figure out how to start a meeting : P
2017-11-23T17:36:08 <gloob> spanish concept, very "southy"
2017-11-23T17:36:33 <clown> okay, punting.  Off to dig up some eats.
2017-11-23T17:36:51 <gloob> clown: bon app\xc3\xa9tit
2017-11-23T17:36:57 <clown> merci gloob
2017-11-23T17:37:31 <stegru> ma\xc3\xb1ana
2017-11-23T17:37:37 <gloob> hahahahaha
2017-11-23T17:38:38 <gloob> ma\xc3\xb1ana is a delayed tomorrow
2017-11-23T17:38:56 <javjarfer[m]> hahaha impressive match
2017-11-23T17:39:44 <stegru> it took me a while to work out how to get the n with a ~
2017-11-23T17:40:34 <gloob> in macos is alt+n
2017-11-23T17:40:51 <stegru> alt gr + ], then n
2017-11-23T17:40:58 <stegru> on a GB keyboard, in linux
2017-11-23T17:41:27 <gloob> there\'s differences between gb and us keyboard?
2017-11-23T17:41:58 <stegru> yes, shift+2 is " (not @), shift + 3 is \xc2\xa3
2017-11-23T17:42:04 <gloob> the euro doesn\'t make the difference anymore
2017-11-23T17:42:22 <gloob> ah, nice
2017-11-23T17:42:30 <gloob> and the accented vowels?
2017-11-23T17:42:34 <stegru> none
2017-11-23T17:42:51 <gloob> I\'m watching this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/British_and_American_keyboards#/media/File:KB_United_Kingdom.svg
2017-11-23T17:43:47 <stegru> I haven\'t seen those blue ones before.. except \xe2\x82\xac and |
2017-11-23T17:44:49 <gloob> do irish have accented vowels?
2017-11-23T17:45:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-23T17:45:06 <gloob> one of the dialects of uk have I think
2017-11-23T17:45:13 <stegru> i don\'t think so, no
2017-11-23T17:45:19 <gloob> no?/
2017-11-23T17:45:49 <stegru> gaelic probably has, but I don\'t know how common it is
2017-11-23T17:46:34 <stegru> simonjb might know
2017-11-23T17:49:12 <stegru> oh, that\'s what you meant by "irish"... thought you meant "irish english"
2017-11-23T17:49:30 <stegru> (I think I\'ve just offended half a nation\'s ancestors)
2017-11-23T17:49:45 <gloob> :D
2017-11-23T17:51:24 <simonjb> https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Irish_orthography
2017-11-23T17:52:41 <stegru> bu\xc3\xadochas a ghabh\xc3\xa1il leat
2017-11-23T17:53:48 <gloob> maybe is the reason of the acute vowels in the gb keyboard
2017-11-23T17:54:04 <gloob> moill am\xc3\xa1rach
2017-11-23T17:56:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-23T18:20:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-23T18:43:22 <michelled> hey Justin_o
2017-11-23T18:58:38 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-23T19:18:42 * stegru has quit
2017-11-23T19:32:41 * jessm joined the channel
2017-11-23T19:33:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-23T19:39:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-23T19:47:24 <Justin_o> michelled: hello
2017-11-23T19:47:27 <Justin_o> sorry i missed your message
2017-11-23T19:56:20 <michelled> hey Justin_o, no worries
2017-11-23T19:56:36 <michelled> I was just wondering how you determined which repositories we should archive
2017-11-23T19:58:15 <Justin_o> michelled: ah okay, good question..
2017-11-23T19:58:33 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-11-23T19:58:50 <Justin_o> michelled: so i looked through the list of repos and essentially tried to base it on what had changes recently.
2017-11-23T19:58:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-23T19:59:12 <Justin_o> some of the ones that aren\'t on the list may not have been touched recently either, but are dependencies for Infusion for example
2017-11-23T19:59:26 <michelled> so, with the EPUB repo, I think we still highlight it in the ILDH
2017-11-23T19:59:45 <michelled> we likely won\'t update it unless there\'s some problem that comes to light
2017-11-23T20:00:44 <michelled> and with sonification-design and metadata I suspect we\'ll pick up that work again. but I guess I don\'t know when exactly
2017-11-23T20:01:12 <Justin_o> michelled: so we can unarchive things and the code won\'t be deleted, but it\'s a way to indicate that they aren\'t under active development
2017-11-23T20:01:32 <michelled> but if we close all the JIRAs then that says something about the status, right?
2017-11-23T20:01:43 <michelled> I mean, would then also go through and reopen them?
2017-11-23T20:02:40 <Justin_o> hmm.. that\'s an interesting point..
'

