b'2017-06-20T22:10:25 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-20T22:17:44 * [o__o] joined the channel
2017-06-20T22:19:48 * danayo has quit
2017-06-20T23:03:32 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-06-20T23:06:38 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-06-20T23:43:01 * stegru has quit
'

b'2017-06-20T00:17:48 * jhernandez has quit
2017-06-20T01:13:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T02:18:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T03:21:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T04:25:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T05:29:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T06:31:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T07:35:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T07:40:36 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-20T08:13:24 * stegru joined the channel
2017-06-20T08:38:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T08:39:13 * amatas joined the channel
2017-06-20T09:41:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T10:24:05 * stegru has quit
2017-06-20T10:45:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T10:50:47 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-06-20T10:52:53 * stegru joined the channel
2017-06-20T11:02:50 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-06-20T11:10:26 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-06-20T11:18:36 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-06-20T11:23:41 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-06-20T11:28:18 * Bosmon has quit
2017-06-20T11:33:13 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-06-20T11:48:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T11:54:02 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-20T12:28:58 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-06-20T12:30:59 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-20T12:39:29 * jhung joined the channel
2017-06-20T12:51:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T13:07:07 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-06-20T13:12:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-20T13:12:52 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-20T13:14:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-20T13:17:52 * clown_ joined the channel
2017-06-20T13:25:15 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-06-20T13:46:59 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-20T13:49:19 <jhung> fluid-everyone: The design crit starts in about 10 minutes. Today we\'re talking about auditory interfaces with the Energy Skate Park PhET sim.
2017-06-20T13:54:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T13:56:57 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-06-20T13:58:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T14:00:14 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-20T14:01:26 <jhung> fluid-everyone design crit is starting.
2017-06-20T14:05:34 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-06-20T14:25:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-20T14:53:17 <cindyli> simonjb: i wonder if you can review my universal pull request that adds the support of OAuth2 resource owner password credentials grant into the auth server - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/519
2017-06-20T14:54:02 <simonjb> yes, cindyli, I can definitely do that
2017-06-20T14:54:09 <cindyli> thanks, simonjb
2017-06-20T14:54:51 <simonjb> cindyli: I have assigned the pull request to myself
2017-06-20T14:55:06 <cindyli> that\'s great, simonjb
2017-06-20T14:55:09 <cindyli> thanks
2017-06-20T14:56:34 <michelled> fluid-everyone: planning will start at 11
2017-06-20T15:00:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T15:05:53 * jhung joined the channel
2017-06-20T15:21:46 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-20T15:45:44 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-06-20T15:52:12 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-06-20T16:02:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T16:34:32 * stegru has quit
2017-06-20T16:39:11 <michelled> clown: do you have feedback for me on that paragraph?
2017-06-20T16:39:19 <michelled> I\'d like to send this to JT soon
2017-06-20T16:40:06 <clown> Oh, sorry.  I\'m sending an email to Janice right now; nearly done.  I\'ll get to the feedback in 5 min.  ok?
2017-06-20T16:48:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T16:51:38 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-20T16:55:38 <clown> michelled:  I sent you an email of my suggetions.
2017-06-20T16:56:09 * clown goes to heat up his lunch
2017-06-20T16:57:48 <colinclark> Bosmon / Bosmon7: Do you want to do the honours of merging this phet-osc-bridge PR, or shall I?
2017-06-20T16:58:01 <colinclark> I guess we\'ll need to have a larger community discussion about governance for the Creative Studios
2017-06-20T16:58:10 <Bosmon7> colinclark - do I have permissions to merge it?
2017-06-20T16:58:15 <colinclark> yes, you do
2017-06-20T16:58:21 <colinclark> as far as I know
2017-06-20T16:58:26 <colinclark> currently you and I are the only org members
2017-06-20T16:58:53 <colinclark> I\'ve always imagined that the Studios be a little bit more informal, but have a kind of "menu" of governance options that communities can choose from
2017-06-20T16:59:47 <colinclark> a way of kind of palette-izing Fluid\'s own governance techniques so that artist communities can gradually adopt open source governance strategies over time
2017-06-20T16:59:50 * clown is back
2017-06-20T17:00:12 <colinclark> I imagine little "badges" that a repository might wear\xe2\x80\x94"Code Review," "Unit Testing," etc.
2017-06-20T17:00:42 <colinclark> Some kind of governance approach to the Studios is probably the last thing standing in the way of me contributing a lot of my libraries
2017-06-20T17:00:59 <colinclark> I was contemplating this discussing the midi-router work with the-t-in-rtf earlier
2017-06-20T17:02:35 <Bosmon7> PAINT ME GOVERNANCE!
2017-06-20T17:03:16 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-06-20T17:03:18 <colinclark> I\'m actually wrong
2017-06-20T17:03:25 <colinclark> The fluid-studios org has no Teams
2017-06-20T17:03:35 <colinclark> and hence I think no way to assign committership
2017-06-20T17:03:48 <colinclark> A lot more thought is needed here
2017-06-20T17:10:14 * jhernandez has quit
2017-06-20T17:10:50 <kasparnet> hey Bosmon7
2017-06-20T17:11:02 <Bosmon7> Hey there KASPARDNIET!
2017-06-20T17:11:06 <kasparnet> thanks for the review on my GPII-2402 branch
2017-06-20T17:11:12 <Bosmon7> kasparnet - yes, sorry for that : P
2017-06-20T17:11:18 <kasparnet> and damn you for pointing out racing conditions, obviously :)
2017-06-20T17:11:38 <kasparnet> so, I solved part of the mystery (and I\'ll comment on the PR to that effect)
2017-06-20T17:11:39 <Bosmon7> colinclark - congrats, your web-based tests even run in IE11 : P
2017-06-20T17:11:48 <Bosmon7> kasparnet - yes, that mystery is pretty interesting hey!
2017-06-20T17:11:50 <colinclark> ha!
2017-06-20T17:11:54 <Bosmon7> How does the user manage to appear to log on?
2017-06-20T17:12:04 <kasparnet> he actually does, and log out before hand
2017-06-20T17:12:26 <kasparnet> but it is well hidden to the exact point in the lifecyclemanager you point to in the very same comment
2017-06-20T17:12:43 <Bosmon7> Well the log out is clear
2017-06-20T17:12:45 <Bosmon7> Since you do that yourself
2017-06-20T17:12:52 <Bosmon7> But how the hell does it ever know who to log on?
2017-06-20T17:12:58 <kasparnet> well, the comment is totally misleading
2017-06-20T17:13:08 <Bosmon7> Well sure, but so is the code :)
2017-06-20T17:13:31 <kasparnet> the explicit logout is the logged in user _is the same user_ who is using the RFID
2017-06-20T17:13:59 <kasparnet> is if the*
2017-06-20T17:14:15 <kasparnet> so in that case we dont want anything else to happen but the logout
2017-06-20T17:14:40 <kasparnet> BUT if the user who is logged in is a different user, we want the RFID user to be logged in (i.e. the else case)
2017-06-20T17:15:09 <kasparnet> with the current user implicitly being logged out via the lifecyclemanager case that you point to in the pull request
2017-06-20T17:18:58 <kasparnet> Bosmon7: not sure if that makes sense
2017-06-20T17:20:34 <kasparnet> *what kind of batshit crazy kind of logic is that*?
2017-06-20T17:21:10 <kasparnet> well, I\'ll start pointing fingers at random people until someone links a blame for the LFM implementation to me :)
2017-06-20T17:21:25 <kasparnet> in either case, that sorts half the issue
2017-06-20T17:21:32 <Bosmon7> It didn\'t look like that to me
2017-06-20T17:21:35 <Bosmon7> Let me get the code up again
2017-06-20T17:25:06 <kasparnet> for the greater issue, I\'m not quite sure about how to go about it... I mean, just taking the case of a LFM.stop() being run as the first part of a LFM.start() I could solve with returning a promise or the like
2017-06-20T17:26:40 <kasparnet> but I\'m not sure how to best handle if some crazy dude or dudess starts turbo inserting and removing USB sticks with a preference set with JAWS, RWG and <insert some other slow launching AT here>
2017-06-20T17:37:23 <colinclark> Bosmon7: A little PR here if you still have time: https://github.com/fluid-studios/phet-osc-bridge/pull/11
2017-06-20T17:41:07 <kasparnet> I guess I could stick some sort of queue on the LFM, but that seems a bit odd as well
2017-06-20T17:48:10 <Bosmon7> oh ok I see it now kasparnet
2017-06-20T17:48:34 <Bosmon7> So, if the current user is logged on, "and we want to do something", we log them out
2017-06-20T17:48:47 <Bosmon7> Whereas if it is a different user, we depend on the wacky branch in the LFM to automatically log them out
2017-06-20T17:48:59 <Bosmon7> That is, to log them out when what we try to do is log them in
2017-06-20T17:49:18 <Bosmon7> kasparnet - well, some sort of queue on the LFM is actually inevitable before too long
2017-06-20T17:49:29 <Bosmon7> It\'s the sort of thing I was raving about at Toronto, or a bit before maybe
2017-06-20T17:50:29 <Bosmon7> I suggest that you hoist out that bit of logic from the LFM and put it here - or at least you put all of this logic in the same place somewhere
2017-06-20T17:50:46 <Bosmon7> Because it will only confuse people in its current layout - as it has confused us!
2017-06-20T17:51:46 <Bosmon7> colinclark - your little PR looks great to me
2017-06-20T17:55:19 <Bosmon7> I wasn\'t clear whether we decided I had the power to merge it
2017-06-20T17:59:33 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-20T18:03:59 * stegru joined the channel
2017-06-20T18:04:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-20T18:07:38 <colinclark> Bosmon7: I created a new Team for the fluid-studios org, called "Mentors," which includes any of the people who I thought of immediately who were working on creative tools within the context of Fluid
2017-06-20T18:07:50 <colinclark> and I gave this Team admin access to the repo
2017-06-20T18:08:38 <kasparnet> ok gotcha! So implement LFM queue and make sure that the logonstatechange function actually makes sense to someone who looks at it
2017-06-20T18:13:17 <kasparnet> Bosmon7: going offline for the day... Will ping you when I got changes to review
2017-06-20T18:15:30 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-20T18:34:24 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-20T18:39:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T19:03:31 <clown> michelled, in what form do you want the risks document on Thu?  .docx?
2017-06-20T19:03:49 <michelled> yes, that will be easiest for Vera
2017-06-20T19:04:00 <clown> okay, cool.  and, did you get my email?
2017-06-20T19:04:09 <clown> the one about your paragraph?
2017-06-20T19:08:02 <michelled> yes, thanks - I incorporated your feedback
2017-06-20T19:23:54 * javjarfer has quit
2017-06-20T19:31:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T19:35:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-20T19:59:02 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-20T20:12:57 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-20T20:24:40 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-06-20T20:29:50 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-20T21:17:21 * amatas has quit
2017-06-20T21:24:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

