b'2017-10-02T19:02:53 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-02T19:35:12 * danayo has quit
2017-10-02T20:22:04 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-02T20:35:55 * cindyli has quit
2017-10-02T20:37:26 * jhung has quit
2017-10-02T20:40:31 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-02T20:46:07 * alanharnum has quit
2017-10-02T21:05:43 * clown has quit
2017-10-02T21:09:31 * stegru has quit
2017-10-02T21:36:07 * amatas has quit
2017-10-02T22:12:21 * Justin_o has quit
2017-10-02T22:21:11 * michelled has quit
2017-10-02T22:42:59 * grrrero has quit
2017-10-02T22:59:56 * avtar has quit
2017-10-02T23:16:33 * danayo has quit
'

b'2017-10-02T04:37:17 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-02T04:52:39 * danayo has quit
2017-10-02T06:36:18 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-02T06:57:41 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-02T06:59:37 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-02T07:07:54 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-02T07:37:11 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-02T07:38:31 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-02T07:49:27 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-02T07:50:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-10-02T07:56:38 * kasparnet has quit
2017-10-02T07:59:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-02T08:01:25 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-10-02T08:01:25 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-02T09:02:34 <Bosmon> Hi there georgitodorov - I changed the PCP API a bit further after we spoke on Friday, into a more Gregg-like form
2017-10-02T09:02:46 <Bosmon> DOes it make sense or would you like to chat about it?
2017-10-02T09:24:13 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hi, Antranig! I was just looking at it and noticed that now there is a single "settingControls" object which holds both the value and the schema for the corresponding setting.
2017-10-02T09:24:48 <georgitodorov> So, the `commonTerms` object has been removed?
2017-10-02T09:26:00 <georgitodorov> I am available if you would like to discuss it further.
2017-10-02T09:26:42 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-10-02T09:32:11 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Maybe it will be better if we have a quick skype call. Let me know what you think about this.
2017-10-02T09:32:18 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-02T09:36:13 <Bosmon> georgitodorov sure, we can call
2017-10-02T09:38:17 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Is now a good time?
2017-10-02T09:38:34 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - yes, I just need a couple of minutes
2017-10-02T09:38:38 <Bosmon> Is Danail there too?
2017-10-02T09:40:03 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: No, he won\'t be joining us as he if off for the day. But Yuriy can also participate until 1PM EST.
2017-10-02T09:57:46 <Bosmon> Hi there georgitodorov, ok I can talknow
2017-10-02T10:11:57 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-10-02T10:12:30 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-02T10:59:51 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-02T11:15:09 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-10-02T11:16:53 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-02T11:19:22 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-02T11:22:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-02T11:33:33 <the-t-in-rtf> @amatas @gtirloni (or anyone), where are the infusion CI builds currently?
2017-10-02T11:43:49 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-02T12:01:17 * jhung joined the channel
2017-10-02T12:12:48 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-02T12:27:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-02T12:45:25 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o and @jhung, in preparing my docs pull to replace marked with markdown-it, I discovered some header links that work on the site but which are broken when viewing the markdown on GitHub.
2017-10-02T12:45:37 <the-t-in-rtf> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/129#issuecomment-333522976
2017-10-02T12:46:16 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m proposing a) fixing the links to match what GitHub generates and b) adding some kind of tests to check the validity of at least internal links in our generated content.
2017-10-02T12:46:42 <the-t-in-rtf> I was hoping to get a thumbs up from one or both of you before taking that on.
2017-10-02T12:47:39 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'ll read up on link checking options, we already have a request for that, and IMO we need it regardless.
2017-10-02T12:47:52 <jhung> @the-t-in-rtf I\'ll take a look.
2017-10-02T12:48:13 <the-t-in-rtf> Awesome, thanks.
2017-10-02T12:51:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-02T12:56:17 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf, jhung: thanks for looking into that
2017-10-02T13:10:31 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-02T13:12:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-02T13:16:15 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-02T13:16:28 <gtirloni> the-t-in-rtf: https://ci.fluidproject.org/job/fluid-infusion (not currently building PRs unfortunately)
2017-10-02T13:17:06 <the-t-in-rtf> Awesome, thanks!
2017-10-02T13:17:15 <the-t-in-rtf> I mainly wanted to compare my output to a known good build.
2017-10-02T13:17:23 <the-t-in-rtf> so it doesn\'t matter that it\'s not building for pulls.
2017-10-02T13:17:42 <the-t-in-rtf> @avtar left a very clear comment on the same pull about the timeline for PR builds.
2017-10-02T13:43:33 * jessm joined the channel
2017-10-02T13:56:25 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-02T14:00:17 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-02T14:00:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-02T14:01:06 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-02T14:01:13 <cindyli> amatas, avtar, Bosmon, gtirloni, the-t-in-rtf: ready to meet?
2017-10-02T14:01:17 <cindyli> in my vidyo room
2017-10-02T14:01:35 <Bosmon> cindyli - wow
2017-10-02T14:01:37 <Bosmon> What is it?
2017-10-02T14:01:50 <amatas_> cindyli: could you send me the url of the vidyo room for the web browser?
2017-10-02T14:01:52 <cindyli> consolidate testing environment
2017-10-02T14:01:55 <the-t-in-rtf> https://conf.inclusivedesign.ca/flex.html?roomdirect.html&key=OsoXQ9RZH5
2017-10-02T14:02:02 <Bosmon> ugg
2017-10-02T14:02:02 <cindyli> thanks, the-t-in-rtf
2017-10-02T14:02:02 <Bosmon> ok
2017-10-02T14:02:09 <Bosmon> Give me a couple mins, still in another meeting
2017-10-02T14:02:11 <amatas_> thanks the-t-in-rtf
2017-10-02T14:02:24 <cindyli> ok
2017-10-02T14:02:25 <the-t-in-rtf> I had it in my buffer, opening the room now....
2017-10-02T14:02:26 <the-t-in-rtf> ;)
2017-10-02T14:02:50 <the-t-in-rtf> ugg, the client is not doing well.
2017-10-02T14:03:02 <the-t-in-rtf> hopefully it will come to life before Boz is free
2017-10-02T14:03:12 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-10-02T14:07:30 <the-t-in-rtf> The web client is also not doing well.
2017-10-02T14:07:37 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyone else having trouble?
2017-10-02T14:09:43 <the-t-in-rtf> My camera\'s light comes on, but then the web client says I was disconnected.
2017-10-02T14:09:52 <the-t-in-rtf> This is with three separate browsers in turn.
2017-10-02T14:11:31 <amatas_> the-t-in-rtf: it works for me on chromium for Linux
2017-10-02T14:11:57 <the-t-in-rtf> Chrome, Opera, and Firefox all fail for me at the moment.
2017-10-02T14:12:08 <the-t-in-rtf> Not going to install Linux on my Macbook just for this meeting, sorry.
2017-10-02T14:12:13 <the-t-in-rtf> :P
2017-10-02T14:12:39 <the-t-in-rtf> I get "you have been disconnected from the call\xe2\x80\xa6" in the background even before the call connects.
2017-10-02T14:14:50 <the-t-in-rtf> \tThe desktop client complains about my password, which I haven\'t changed.
2017-10-02T14:14:56 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: The problem with the two branches (yours and Michelle\'s) is that if we would like to utilize the testing functionality, we need to use Michelle\'s branch. If we want to use the API about the preferences, we need your branch. In order to submit a pull request for any of the tasks, we have to make sure that at least all test written so far are passing. If we are doing some API related
2017-10-02T14:14:56 <georgitodorov> work, for example, we need to use your `universal` dependency in order to implement a given feature and Michelle\'s in order to run the tests (and even in this case not all tests are passing - I guess because of opening a WS connection). Making such module swaps is unacceptable and becomes hard to manage. That is why the two branches need to be merged.
2017-10-02T14:15:37 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - ok, I see
2017-10-02T14:15:39 <the-t-in-rtf> "Invalid Username/Password or the user account is disabled"
2017-10-02T14:15:50 <Bosmon> I suggest that what we do is to get michelled\'s existing branch into gpii-app master
2017-10-02T14:16:07 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: What I can recommend is that you merge these branches and run the tests in one of our branches (e.g. GPII-2533 as it introduces no new tests but simply opens a WS connection).
2017-10-02T14:16:10 <the-t-in-rtf> @cindyli, I have no way to attend the meeting at the moment.
2017-10-02T14:16:14 <Bosmon> And then we can rebase all your existing work as a pull against that, against the rebased universal
2017-10-02T14:16:51 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: is it the trouble with the url link to my vidyo room
2017-10-02T14:17:18 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Okay, it sounds like a plan. I need to run now, but tomorrow we can discuss this further if necessary (I guess it will be :) )
2017-10-02T14:17:24 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-02T14:17:36 <the-t-in-rtf> That was really odd, I logged in to the web interface and the desktop started working.
2017-10-02T14:17:37 <the-t-in-rtf> NFI
2017-10-02T14:17:41 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-02T14:18:52 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-02T14:36:24 <Justin_o> grrrero: not sure if you saw, but I sent you another PR for FLUID-5534 to address Bosmon\'s feedback
2017-10-02T14:36:55 <grrrero> Justin_o: Missed that one, see it now
2017-10-02T14:49:49 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-02T14:57:38 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-02T15:02:27 * amatas__ joined the channel
2017-10-02T15:06:09 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-02T15:10:09 <simonjb> cindyli: thanks very much for organising the meeting :)
2017-10-02T15:10:35 <cindyli> no problem
2017-10-02T15:24:46 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-02T15:25:34 * simonjb has quit
2017-10-02T15:27:14 * jessm joined the channel
2017-10-02T15:33:25 <grrrero> fluid-everyone: My Vidyo\'s acting up and won\'t let me in for standup. Last Friday I worked more on the SJRK website\'s frontend; just need to clean it up and then get it ready for responsiveness. Also met with Michelle and Gregor to talk about all the current IDRC projects which was great to dig into. Today I\'m just going to do more frontend stuff.
2017-10-02T15:40:48 * kavya joined the channel
2017-10-02T15:43:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-02T15:49:27 <Justin_o> grrrero: hello, did you get a chance at looking into contributing your icon repo to fluid-project?
2017-10-02T15:50:28 <grrrero> Justin_o: Not yet! Will try to get to that today
2017-10-02T15:51:05 <Justin_o> grrrero: thanks
2017-10-02T15:51:27 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-02T15:59:29 * amatas__ has quit
2017-10-02T16:16:31 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-02T16:22:19 * amatas__ joined the channel
2017-10-02T16:22:58 * jhung1 joined the channel
2017-10-02T16:25:17 * jhung has quit
2017-10-02T16:29:14 * michelled has quit
2017-10-02T17:04:45 * kavya has quit
2017-10-02T17:16:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-02T17:19:46 * avtar has quit
2017-10-02T17:27:12 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: For those at the IDRC, does anyone have any meetings in the afternoon on Tuesday Oct 17.. I\'m trying to arrange a meeting with a visitor
2017-10-02T17:27:37 * clown checking, Justin_o
2017-10-02T17:28:15 <gmoss> Justin_o: I\'m good. the usual SJRK partners meeting is every other week and happens not to fall on that day (besides the planned in-person meeting the week before)
2017-10-02T17:28:32 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2017-10-02T17:28:34 * Jess_ has quit
2017-10-02T17:28:51 <jhung> Justin_o: I should be fine. It\'s very likely I\'ll be remote though.
2017-10-02T17:29:32 <clown> Justin_o:  I don\'t see anything that I\'m involved with.  There\'s a "P4A-SP2: Smart-Home Runtime Integration" telecon at 9am.
2017-10-02T17:30:36 <Justin_o> thanks everyone, i didn\'t see anything in the calendar but wanted to double check.
2017-10-02T17:31:40 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-02T17:36:51 <Justin_o> grrrero: I have another PR for your FLUID-5534 branch https://github.com/grrrero/infusion/pull/8
2017-10-02T17:56:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-02T17:56:47 <grrrero> Justin_o: Ok
2017-10-02T18:09:18 * amatas__ has quit
2017-10-02T18:13:44 * stegru has quit
2017-10-02T18:21:06 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-02T18:25:36 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-02T18:36:51 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-02T18:45:51 * stegru joined the channel
'

