b'2017-02-07T20:15:16 <Jess_> oh, jhung just that I\xe2\x80\x99m making a list of possible projects for Razorfish folks
2017-02-07T20:15:43 <Jess_> we have a few websites, mobile UIO if possible, UIO integrations would be nice, and accessible vid conferencing
2017-02-07T20:16:21 <Justin_o> Jess_: maybe continuing the test automation stuff that avtar and the-t-in-rtf  are working on
2017-02-07T20:16:51 <Jess_> Justin_o: cool \xe2\x80\x94 is there a url i can point to that sums that up?
2017-02-07T20:17:02 <jhung> Perhaps there\'s something on the Pressbooks end Jess_? Accessible themes?
2017-02-07T20:17:24 <Jess_> jhung: good idea!
2017-02-07T20:17:37 <Justin_o> Jess_: hmm.. i\'m not sure, avtar would probably know better
2017-02-07T20:22:46 <jhung> Jess_: could be opportunity with metadata as well.
2017-02-07T20:23:19 <Jess_> jhung: kicking metadata back up is a great idea \xe2\x80\x94 it\xe2\x80\x99s getting talked about more in hypothes.is and rebus convos
2017-02-07T20:23:53 <Jess_> jhung: bracken from lumen really really wanted it too
2017-02-07T20:23:57 <jhung> yeah. I know someone in the slack channel was interested in adding LOM to pressbooks Jess_. Some overlap there.
2017-02-07T20:24:08 <Jess_> cool
2017-02-07T20:24:09 <colinclark> what parts of metadata are people interested in?
2017-02-07T20:24:25 <Jess_> integration into authoring environments
2017-02-07T20:24:33 <colinclark> yeah, that part was clear
2017-02-07T20:24:53 <colinclark> I was more interested in what kinds of metadata have been considered, and for what purposes?
2017-02-07T20:24:54 <jhung> I\'m assuming adding a11y metadata Jess_?
2017-02-07T20:25:06 <Jess_> yes!
2017-02-07T20:25:31 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-07T20:25:50 <colinclark> is there a particular kind of implementation that people have discussed? e.g. are they interested in it from a search perspective?
2017-02-07T20:26:00 <colinclark> or for some kind of fancy matchmaking environment?
2017-02-07T20:26:21 <Jess_> also the feeback piece came up with hypothes,is
2017-02-07T20:26:51 <colinclark> cool, what aspects of feedback have they been interested in?
2017-02-07T20:27:15 <Jess_> the idea was a whole layer of feedback that could be handled/communicated by hypothes.is
2017-02-07T20:27:25 <Jess_> errata, suggestions, annotations
2017-02-07T20:27:30 <colinclark> aha
2017-02-07T20:27:33 <jhung> Ah.
2017-02-07T20:28:08 <Jess_> wrt metadata and authoring \xe2\x80\x94 bracken really wants an rich text editor with an a11y checker that doesn\xe2\x80\x99t cost $$
2017-02-07T20:28:22 <colinclark> don\'t we all!
2017-02-07T20:28:28 <Jess_> checking and prompting for basic things like image descriptions
2017-02-07T20:29:08 <colinclark> the wordpress editor does pretty well for that level of things these days, doesn\'t it jhung?
2017-02-07T20:30:14 <jhung> colinclark not in a way that\'s "natural". The author still needs know where it is and have the mind to create the metadata.
2017-02-07T20:30:22 <colinclark> ah yes
2017-02-07T20:30:24 <colinclark> that\'s pretty classic
2017-02-07T20:30:31 <colinclark> Word is like that too
2017-02-07T20:30:50 <colinclark> it\'s just so unnatural to go into the dialog box and dig around until you find the right field and fill it in
2017-02-07T20:31:25 * javjarfer has quit
2017-02-07T20:31:39 <colinclark> we really need to rethink the authoring experience from scratch, to make the idea of multiple content layers concrete
2017-02-07T20:32:00 <colinclark> so that as someone is authoring something, they\'re able to see its relationship to other layers or modes of its presentation
2017-02-07T20:32:09 <colinclark> but that\'s HUGE of course
2017-02-07T20:33:10 <Jess_> i\xe2\x80\x99m hoping that is part of the conversation with hypothes.is if they do a comm. mtg. in March
2017-02-07T20:36:01 <colinclark> that\'ll be a great conversation
2017-02-07T20:38:50 <Jess_> avtar: ping dude. do you have a link to some of your work on test automation?
2017-02-07T20:43:24 <avtar> Jess_: related to a11y? there aren\'t any docs at the moment for that but i\'ll be preparing some before the p4a event in march
2017-02-07T20:43:51 <Jess_> ah, ok avtar
2017-02-07T20:44:52 <avtar> let me rephrase that.. *i* haven\'t written any docs yet but some gpii-webdriver related ones can be found in the-t-in-rtf\'s repository https://github.com/the-t-in-rtf/gpii-webdriver/tree/GPII-1889
2017-02-07T20:45:15 <Jess_> rt
2017-02-07T20:45:23 <avtar> i\'m aiming to have more "how to get started" type docs
2017-02-07T21:01:12 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-07T21:32:37 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-07T21:59:05 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-07T22:04:06 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-07T22:05:31 <michelled> Bosmon: how do I add a namespace to a model listener? https://github.com/michelled/gpii-app/blob/GPII-1596/src/app.js#L47
2017-02-07T22:08:19 <alanharnum> michelled: I\'m not Bosmon, but I\'ve had to do this before - there\'s a namespace option in the modelRelayBlock (long form) layout: http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ModelRelay.html#-modelrelayblock-layout
2017-02-07T22:09:34 <Bosmon> michelled - that\'s right: http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ChangeApplierAPI.html#model-listener-declaration
2017-02-07T22:10:09 <Bosmon> I guess this docs section should be more explicit, rather than just saying "any of the record types supported by Invokers and Listeners"
2017-02-07T22:10:54 <michelled> thanks alanharnum and Bosmon
2017-02-07T22:11:05 <alanharnum> ah, linked to the wrong section (model relay, not model listener) - Bosmon\'s link is the correct one for your case
2017-02-07T22:11:30 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-07T22:39:34 * colinclark joined the channel
'

b'2017-02-07T17:12:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-07T17:12:18 <Bosmon> Which implies that fluid-publish was capable of functioning as a library, as well a just a CLI tool
2017-02-07T17:12:27 <colinclark> I was thinking this morning that my requirement might well be satisfied by fluid-publish actually changing my package.json\'s version property
2017-02-07T17:12:38 <Bosmon> colinclark - well, it does :)
2017-02-07T17:12:43 <colinclark> it doesn\'t! :)
2017-02-07T17:12:43 <Bosmon> It just immediately then changes it back again
2017-02-07T17:12:46 <colinclark> yes
2017-02-07T17:12:59 <colinclark> it might as well not :)
2017-02-07T17:13:22 <Bosmon> You just need to buy into its "Queen of Sheba" mentality : P
2017-02-07T17:13:37 <Bosmon> But yes, it would be a very easy refactoring to have it expose a bit of an API
2017-02-07T17:15:24 <Bosmon> Well, actually it does already
2017-02-07T17:15:59 <Bosmon> And it even has docs : P
2017-02-07T17:16:01 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/blob/master/publish.js#L207
2017-02-07T17:16:04 <Bosmon> YOu could call this method
2017-02-07T17:16:38 <colinclark> but is this idempotent?
2017-02-07T17:16:53 <colinclark> wouldn\'t it return a new value every second?
2017-02-07T17:16:54 <Bosmon> It\'s more than idempotent, its stateless :)
2017-02-07T17:16:56 <Bosmon> No
2017-02-07T17:17:11 <Bosmon> Our timestamp is taken from the timestamp of the most recent git commit, not the current time
2017-02-07T17:17:18 <colinclark> oh!
2017-02-07T17:17:20 <Bosmon> A very important design consideration!
2017-02-07T17:17:21 <colinclark> brilliant :)
2017-02-07T17:17:23 <colinclark> nice work, Justin_o
2017-02-07T17:17:59 <Justin_o> lol thanks :)
2017-02-07T17:18:05 <colinclark> So you\'re saying I should be able to require fluid-publish in my Gruntfile, and call this function in my grunt template?
2017-02-07T17:18:08 <Bosmon> I think our biggest problem is its general reliance on process.cwd
2017-02-07T17:18:19 <Bosmon> Ah well, yes
2017-02-07T17:18:22 <Bosmon> That is pretty much what I am saying
2017-02-07T17:18:31 <colinclark> interesting
2017-02-07T17:18:44 <Bosmon> Assuming that process.cwd does indeed hold the root dir of the module in question
2017-02-07T17:19:16 <Bosmon> Well, here\'s another "review bonus" : P
2017-02-07T17:19:24 <Bosmon> It exports its stubbable implementation of execSync
2017-02-07T17:19:30 <Bosmon> So you can intercept it if necessary
2017-02-07T17:20:57 <Bosmon> It\'s interesting, its top-level API and low-level API allow "moduleRoot" to be customised
2017-02-07T17:21:13 <Bosmon> But sadly publish.getDevVersion doesn\'t
2017-02-07T17:21:57 <Bosmon> It\'s basically going to execute git in whatever is process.cwd, unless you stub out publish.execSync
2017-02-07T17:22:26 <Bosmon> I would give it a grade of "B" in terms of "supporting unexpected reuse" : P
2017-02-07T17:23:52 <Bosmon> You can always just bracket your call to it with process.chdir, as indeed it does itself internally from time to time
2017-02-07T17:23:53 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/blob/master/publish.js#L272
2017-02-07T17:31:01 <colinclark> ok, pretty cool
2017-02-07T17:31:07 <colinclark> thank you very much
2017-02-07T17:31:14 <colinclark> it\'s a very useful tool, sir
2017-02-07T17:38:15 <Bosmon> It\'s a great start
2017-02-07T17:38:21 <Bosmon> Towards our glorious PUBLICATION ARCHITECTURE
2017-02-07T17:54:34 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-07T17:55:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-07T17:58:02 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-07T17:58:04 * kavya has quit
2017-02-07T18:00:56 <michelled> alanharnum, cindyli, clown, colinclark, danayo, Jess_, Justin_o, simonjb: planning
2017-02-07T18:07:43 * yzen has quit
2017-02-07T18:08:48 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-02-07T18:08:49 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-07T18:09:05 * Yan_Hu1 joined the channel
2017-02-07T18:09:21 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2017-02-07T18:10:23 * Yan_Hu has quit
2017-02-07T18:10:38 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-07T18:13:51 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-07T18:44:04 * stegru has quit
2017-02-07T18:46:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: started a conversation with you in fluid-design, but meant to post it here
2017-02-07T18:56:05 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-07T18:59:59 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:00:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:03:24 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:06:27 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:07:54 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:21:04 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:22:06 <Jess_> colinclark: i don\xe2\x80\x99t see an email re: Vidyo after that call \xe2\x80\x94 mind checking if you last talked to Karl?
2017-02-07T19:22:23 <Jess_> around oct 2016
2017-02-07T19:22:44 <colinclark> Last thing I have was November 2016 with the link to the Neo clients
2017-02-07T19:23:08 <colinclark> There was no discussion about next steps
2017-02-07T19:23:21 <Jess_> after we hung up was Karl the one you were chatting with?
2017-02-07T19:23:33 <Jess_> and would it be useful to re-connect with him and Nicholas?
2017-02-07T19:24:30 <colinclark> I think that\'s entirely up to you, Jess_
2017-02-07T19:24:43 <colinclark> You know everything I know
2017-02-07T19:24:50 <colinclark> 1. We have an up to date Vidyo Portal
2017-02-07T19:24:54 <colinclark> 2. We have access to the Neo clients
2017-02-07T19:25:03 <colinclark> That\'s about it
2017-02-07T19:26:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:26:32 <Jess_> i don\xe2\x80\x99t remember well, but you had a conversation with their technical guy, I think it was Karl, about their architecture (I don\xe2\x80\x99t remember the name of their approach) and i think you were saying it might limit accessibility development \xe2\x80\x94 if I reach out to them it\xe2\x80\x99ll be to kick back up the a11y convo which would involve lisa and gtirloni at least
2017-02-07T19:27:43 <colinclark> During our call, which you were present for, Nicholas and I discussed different technologies for wrapping web technologies as native applications
2017-02-07T19:27:58 <colinclark> it\'s not clear to me what, if any, accessibility impact their choice will make
2017-02-07T19:28:30 <colinclark> In terms of next steps, let\'s try to minimize gtirloni\'s involvement to any issues that might require upgrades if necessary\xe2\x80\x94since he has the contacts with our new Vidyo support people
2017-02-07T19:28:50 <colinclark> and definitely worth talking to Iris and Vera about what kind of model we want for doing an kind of accessibility evaluation
2017-02-07T19:28:59 <colinclark> Iris, at the time, had some concerns about pro bono corporate work
2017-02-07T19:29:10 <colinclark> but I think it\'s just a matter of being quite clear about scope and time commitments
2017-02-07T19:29:42 <colinclark> I\'m happy to join a call if there are technical or design issues that you feel out of scope discussing
2017-02-07T19:29:43 <colinclark> just let me know
2017-02-07T19:30:46 * stegru has quit
2017-02-07T19:31:08 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:32:47 <Jess_> colinclark: mind forwarding the email from Karl from November?
2017-02-07T19:35:09 <colinclark> Pretty sure I did at the time, to both you and gtirloni
2017-02-07T19:35:17 <colinclark> It consisted of a wetransfer link
2017-02-07T19:36:09 <colinclark> but I forwarded it again
2017-02-07T19:44:36 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:48:16 <colinclark> Jess_: I remember Jutta mentioning that she was worried websites would be too routine for Razorfish\xe2\x80\x94but finishing our accessible Vidyo client might be very fun work for them
2017-02-07T19:48:32 <colinclark> an idea for us to consider
2017-02-07T19:48:40 <Jess_> is the work somewhere i can point them to colinclark ?
2017-02-07T19:48:53 <colinclark> no, it\'s in a private Github repository
2017-02-07T19:49:00 <colinclark> The Vidyo API prevents us from sharing the source to it
2017-02-07T19:49:09 <colinclark> but there are some great wireframes from lisa!
2017-02-07T19:49:14 <colinclark> they\'re in the wiki, I believe
2017-02-07T19:49:50 <Jess_> also, websites w/ mobile UIO would be nice i think for us and for razorfish (who are focusing on mobile)
2017-02-07T19:50:23 <colinclark> yeah
2017-02-07T19:50:50 <colinclark> If I remember correctly, Jutta\'s concern was that they do this all the time, and the idea of them engaging with us was to provide some variety and learning opportunities
2017-02-07T19:50:57 <colinclark> but there is a distinct need there
2017-02-07T19:51:08 <colinclark> for a new IDRC website in particular
2017-02-07T19:51:42 <Jess_> learning would come from interaction with UIO and Infusion, i\xe2\x80\x99d think \xe2\x80\x94 anyway, i\xe2\x80\x99m putting it on the list
2017-02-07T19:51:56 <Jess_> anything else you\xe2\x80\x99d like on the list colinclark or anyone?
2017-02-07T19:52:30 <colinclark> I doubt that\'s the kind of learning we could easily scale, Jess_
2017-02-07T19:53:03 <colinclark> for these kinds of relationships, I like to think of things that are complementary and loosely coupled, rather than long-term and deeply integrated
2017-02-07T19:53:28 <colinclark> using UIO is in the former, modifying it in the latter
2017-02-07T19:53:47 <Jess_> modification for mobile
2017-02-07T19:54:34 <colinclark> yeah
2017-02-07T19:54:56 <colinclark> that\'s something we\'re best to do within our team
2017-02-07T19:55:24 <colinclark> we\'ve built up a really nice workflow and expertise that takes a long time to absorb
2017-02-07T19:55:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-07T19:55:46 <colinclark> there\'s a lot of "disrupting and undoing" of traditional programming wisdom, and this takes time, patience, and flexibility
2017-02-07T19:55:56 <colinclark> not something well suited to a first collaboration with an agency
2017-02-07T19:56:22 <colinclark> but using and adapting the work that Justin_o is doing on the new responsive UIO, that\'s something else entirely
2017-02-07T19:56:26 <colinclark> and very awesome
2017-02-07T20:03:00 <Jess_> perhaps this can be an opportunity for us to find diferent ways of onboarding
2017-02-07T20:03:36 <colinclark> indeed!
2017-02-07T20:03:54 <colinclark> also to be clear on what onboarding means :)
2017-02-07T20:04:03 <colinclark> It\'s nice to think of a spectrum of engagement and commitment
2017-02-07T20:04:47 <Jess_> colinclark: from this page i don\xe2\x80\x99t see the images, but i might jsut be missing something https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Designing+an+Accessible+Vidyo+Client
2017-02-07T20:05:26 <colinclark> I\'ll ask Lisa\xe2\x80\x94looks like perhaps we didn\'t link the images to the wiki page
2017-02-07T20:05:38 <colinclark> they\'re in owncloud, of course
2017-02-07T20:05:45 <colinclark> somewhere :)
2017-02-07T20:07:00 <Jess_> and just curious colinclark do you know how far edgar got?
2017-02-07T20:07:13 <colinclark> Indeed I do
2017-02-07T20:07:18 <Jess_> oh ewbjr here i guess
2017-02-07T20:07:26 <colinclark> If you can get a response :)
2017-02-07T20:07:29 <colinclark> hi ewbjr
2017-02-07T20:07:32 <colinclark> we miss you!
2017-02-07T20:07:55 <Jess_> colinclark: is the \xe2\x80\x98how far question\xe2\x80\x99 answered somewhere?
2017-02-07T20:08:06 <colinclark> I was just about to answer it here
2017-02-07T20:08:16 <colinclark> He had much of the UI mocked up with Polymer components\xe2\x80\x94it looked quite good in terms of its relation to the wireframes
2017-02-07T20:08:28 <colinclark> the big issue was that it took us a really long time get our WebRTC situation straightened out
2017-02-07T20:08:37 <colinclark> in large part because we didn\'t know who was providing us with support
2017-02-07T20:08:52 <colinclark> so he had only gotten a connection to the WebRTC gateway via Vidyo\'s own simple sample client
2017-02-07T20:09:04 <colinclark> not with the Polymer app he was working on
2017-02-07T20:09:48 <colinclark> He had been taking a look at the web components provided as part of Vidyo.io to make this integration a little easier, but I think we ultimately became clear that it wasn\'t viable in the context of locally-hosted vidyo instance
2017-02-07T20:10:24 <colinclark> So we were just on the cusp of doing basic conferences with the client, and Lisa was primed to do an accessibility walkthrough of it
2017-02-07T20:10:25 <colinclark> and there we are
2017-02-07T20:10:56 <colinclark> I imagine you\'ll be passing on the collaboration to Lisa and I if it ends up becoming something we want Razerfish to work on, right, Jess_?
2017-02-07T20:11:12 <colinclark> and I can work with them to assess gaps and determine next steps from the design and technical perspective
2017-02-07T20:11:56 <Jess_> yep, of course
2017-02-07T20:12:27 <colinclark> could be cool
2017-02-07T20:13:33 <Jess_> Justin_o: jhung: anything you two can think of for some devs to help out with? from razorfish?
2017-02-07T20:14:50 <jhung> Catching up Jess_
'

b'2017-02-07T00:07:53 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-02-07T01:40:50 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-07T02:23:37 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-07T03:35:48 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-07T06:12:03 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-07T06:16:43 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-07T06:24:29 * kavya has quit
2017-02-07T08:49:22 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-07T08:50:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-07T09:08:30 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-07T09:39:19 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-07T10:18:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-07T11:34:43 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-02-07T11:44:26 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-07T12:41:10 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-02-07T13:30:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-07T13:36:19 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-07T13:37:01 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-02-07T13:42:14 <gloob> "morning" guys
2017-02-07T13:42:30 <gloob> oh well, for my canadians friends is proper morning
2017-02-07T13:44:04 <stegru> afternoon
2017-02-07T13:45:24 <gloob> stegru: hi Stegru!
2017-02-07T13:46:25 <gtirloni> hey hey
2017-02-07T13:46:33 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-07T13:46:42 <gloob> stegru: curiously we share the same meridian but we have from WWII the timezone of germany. You got very depressed when traveling to center europe
2017-02-07T13:46:47 <gloob> gtirloni: super Gio!
2017-02-07T13:46:56 <gtirloni> hey ale, good afternoon
2017-02-07T13:47:02 <stegru> huh
2017-02-07T13:47:25 <stegru> oh, yes - that\'s because you\'re part of "europe"
2017-02-07T13:47:32 <gloob> greenwich meridian cross my country
2017-02-07T13:47:38 <gloob> stegru: hahaha, good catch
2017-02-07T13:48:13 <gloob> stegru: remember I live in a country that is part of what they called PIGS
2017-02-07T13:48:43 <gloob> and with our own fragmentation problems
2017-02-07T13:48:47 <gloob> mess everywhere
2017-02-07T13:48:51 <stegru> hah yes
2017-02-07T13:49:02 <gtirloni> best weather though
2017-02-07T13:49:05 <gloob> anybody is suffering problems with leveldown?
2017-02-07T13:49:15 <gloob> leveldown module
2017-02-07T13:49:29 <gtirloni> gloob: with vagrant/virtualbox?
2017-02-07T13:49:56 <gloob> gtirloni: oh yes, stegru is planning his retirement in the south of Spain, for sure
2017-02-07T13:50:06 <gloob> gtirloni: no, in this case proper windows 10 desktop bare metal
2017-02-07T13:50:26 <gloob> probably some node-gyp stuff is involved
2017-02-07T13:50:52 <stegru> woah, you use windows without virtualisation?
2017-02-07T13:51:09 <gloob> this is the anti-works_on_my_machine case, works in vagrant, it doesn\'t work in my machine
2017-02-07T13:51:17 <gtirloni> got it. if it was a linux vm i\'d guess symlink issues inside shared folder (but we have a workaround for that)... now on windows, no, i haven\'t tested on bare metal
2017-02-07T13:51:40 <gtirloni> gloob: do you have the 10-page errors you could share?
2017-02-07T13:51:41 <gloob> stegru: sometimes, when I need to do for long time in Windows, I\'m a bit masochist
2017-02-07T13:52:24 <gloob> *to do something*
2017-02-07T13:54:32 <gloob> https://ybin.me/p/41ea871e9af58cd6#afHsA5oXw9qEs8z/BvFa97OfnyJvKT4uQg+bKxXBrd8=
2017-02-07T13:54:59 <gloob> the system si right
2017-02-07T13:55:10 <gloob> for whatever reason levedown is not npm\'ized correctly
2017-02-07T13:58:27 <Justin_o> jhung: here\'s the svg conversion tool in a repo https://github.com/jobara/svg-to-markup
2017-02-07T13:58:56 <Justin_o> jhung: and a demo https://cdn.rawgit.com/jobara/svg-to-markup/16eb40ef/demos/index.html
2017-02-07T13:59:29 <jhung> Awesome Justin_o.
2017-02-07T14:03:10 <amatas> hi
2017-02-07T14:05:03 <amatas> gtirloni, I\'m creating the new box called "windows-81-eval-64bits". And I was thinking about the version of the VMs, do you think that a version "20170203" could be more descriptive than the actuals?
2017-02-07T14:05:37 <gtirloni> amatas: i think so, +1 for me for switching from fake-semver to yyyymmdd
2017-02-07T14:06:13 <amatas> ok cool, I\'m going to start with this vagrant box
2017-02-07T14:07:53 <gtirloni> ok. thanks. although vagrant suggests semver, it doesn\'t seem like there is any restriction on using something else (https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/boxes/versioning.html)
2017-02-07T14:08:27 <gtirloni> my understanding from reading this is that, if we\'re using semver, then it can only have 3 numbers (x.y.z)... but looks like it\'s a integer comparison so yyyymmdd should work fine
2017-02-07T14:11:17 <amatas> ok
2017-02-07T14:19:57 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-07T14:25:46 <Justin_o> alanharnum: I merged in your FLUID-6114 PR
2017-02-07T14:25:46 * kavya joined the channel
2017-02-07T14:25:58 <alanharnum> Justin_o: thanks Justin_o
2017-02-07T14:26:13 <alanharnum> ^ department of redundancy department
2017-02-07T14:26:36 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-07T14:38:32 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-02-07T14:41:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-07T14:48:41 <Justin_o> lol
2017-02-07T14:52:44 <jhung> fluid-everyone: just a reminder that there is no design crit scheduled for today.
2017-02-07T15:04:42 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-07T15:09:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-07T15:10:40 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-07T15:16:31 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-07T15:24:49 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-07T15:28:10 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-07T15:39:17 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-07T15:46:20 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-07T15:55:46 <Justin_o> jhung: i was looking at importing my component styles for the stepper into the prefs frameworks stylus stylus. http://stylus-lang.com/docs/import.html
2017-02-07T15:56:14 <Justin_o> because the original is a css file, it just does a literal css import. So the styles are not scoped and must be  specified at the top of the stylus file
2017-02-07T15:56:49 <Justin_o> additionally, there are styles in the stylus that are conflicting / overriding the components styles, and in general it doesn\'t look quite like what i expected
2017-02-07T15:56:59 <Justin_o> although it\'s close
2017-02-07T15:57:19 <Justin_o> jhung: wonder if i should just create pref framework specific styles in the stylus file.
2017-02-07T15:57:34 <Justin_o> as opposed to trying to import the original and creating custom overrides in the stylus file
2017-02-07T16:01:08 <jhung> Justin_o: maybe we can chat about it on Vidyo in 5 mins?
2017-02-07T16:03:39 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-07T16:04:42 <Justin_o> sure
2017-02-07T16:28:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-07T16:30:45 <colinclark> hey Justin_o, I had an interesting experiene helping with a pull request on the Chart Authoring tool last night
2017-02-07T16:31:10 <colinclark> experience
2017-02-07T16:31:18 <colinclark> it\'s a really good example of an application that wants to use lots of Infusion, in some ways we don\'t support yet (and are aware of)
2017-02-07T16:31:46 <colinclark> But I wonder if you can describe the logic to me of what appears in Infusion 2.0.0\'s dist/assets directory? Why these particular files?
2017-02-07T16:51:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-07T16:52:20 <Justin_o> colinclark: currently the dist/assets directory essentially just contains the stylus generated css files and anything that it directly depends on
2017-02-07T16:52:32 <colinclark> ah, ok
2017-02-07T16:52:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-07T16:52:52 <Justin_o> colinclark: the reasoning here is that the dist directory contains only generated files, and the assets extends that a bit to make sure that the dependencies are co-located
2017-02-07T16:52:53 <colinclark> those ones, in particular, because they need a separate step to make them usable by someone?
2017-02-07T16:53:01 <Justin_o> colinclark: exactly
2017-02-07T16:53:19 <colinclark> My impression is that this might be less than useful in practice
2017-02-07T16:53:23 <Justin_o> colinclark: in practice though, it may mean that you are copying over css from both the dist directory and others
2017-02-07T16:53:29 <colinclark> yup
2017-02-07T16:53:33 <colinclark> which isn\'t a bad thing\xe2\x80\x94it\'s a good start
2017-02-07T16:53:39 <colinclark> but I wonder...
2017-02-07T16:53:45 <Justin_o> colinclark: yah, we had initially wanted to avoid duplication, but it is a bit of a pain / confusing
2017-02-07T16:54:00 <colinclark> if we distribute JS builds for "all," perhaps we should also distribute assets for them too
2017-02-07T16:54:08 <colinclark> I don\'t know how alanharnum\'s recent pull request impacts any of this
2017-02-07T16:54:14 <colinclark> do we now concat CSS or anything like that?
2017-02-07T16:54:20 <Justin_o> colinclark: no
2017-02-07T16:54:21 <colinclark> ok
2017-02-07T16:54:28 <alanharnum> nope - just produce regular and minified versions of the stylus files.
2017-02-07T16:54:32 <colinclark> aha
2017-02-07T16:54:53 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-02-07T16:55:00 <colinclark> I think alanharnum\'s case would be easier if "all framework assets" were available in the dist directory in some form
2017-02-07T16:55:02 <Justin_o> i\'d like to concat css if we can figure out how to best do that.. part of the problem has been the locations of the images and fonts that they use
2017-02-07T16:55:07 <colinclark> ah yes
2017-02-07T16:55:09 <colinclark> I remember that
2017-02-07T16:56:07 <Justin_o> stylus also has a problem with generating map files, i think because we place the generated file in a different location from the source, even though that is managed by the stylus plugin
2017-02-07T16:57:39 <colinclark> ah, interesting
2017-02-07T17:00:18 <Justin_o> colinclark: i made a jira a while back that covers some of this https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5915
2017-02-07T17:00:21 <Justin_o> not the assets issue though
2017-02-07T17:02:20 <Justin_o> and i suppose for assets we\'d also need to consider copying over all of the templates
2017-02-07T17:03:06 <Justin_o> and message bundles
2017-02-07T17:05:36 <Bosmon> So colinclark - what do we comprise under "all framework assets"?
2017-02-07T17:05:56 <colinclark> templates, CSS, and font icons, I imagine
2017-02-07T17:07:05 <colinclark> and as Justin_o says, message bundles
2017-02-07T17:08:52 <Justin_o> colinclark, Bosmon: when you say "framework" what do you mean?
2017-02-07T17:09:00 <colinclark> sorry
2017-02-07T17:09:03 <colinclark> I don\'t mean "Framework"
2017-02-07T17:09:06 <colinclark> I mean "all Infusion"
2017-02-07T17:09:09 <Justin_o> ah okay
2017-02-07T17:09:10 <colinclark> my apologies
2017-02-07T17:09:15 <colinclark> there are no framework assets, right?
2017-02-07T17:09:21 <colinclark> sorry
2017-02-07T17:09:31 <Justin_o> colinclark: well, there are.. the prefs framework stuff is all under the framework directory
2017-02-07T17:09:41 <colinclark> right, but we know that\'s a bug :)
2017-02-07T17:09:42 <Justin_o> and fluid.css is under core
2017-02-07T17:09:49 <colinclark> what\'s in fluid.css these days?
2017-02-07T17:09:56 <Bosmon> colinclark - how do we know it is a bug?
2017-02-07T17:10:17 <Bosmon> Did we decide to do something about it?
2017-02-07T17:10:29 <Justin_o> colinclark: ah there are two css files in core https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/tree/master/src/framework/core/css
2017-02-07T17:10:30 <colinclark> The latter, I don\'t know
2017-02-07T17:10:41 <colinclark> the former, I think it\'s pretty clearly a separate entity
2017-02-07T17:11:03 <colinclark> One could, for example, ask one of these "in the wild" questions (thought I\'m not necessarily advocating for it)
2017-02-07T17:11:22 <colinclark> such as "Do we know of any users in the wild who consider \'The Framework\' to include \'The Preferences Framework\'?"
2017-02-07T17:11:37 <Bosmon> I guess the clock is ticking fast on needing to improve fluid-publish to help with these issues
2017-02-07T17:11:43 <Bosmon> I think you mentioned another use case to me privately last night
2017-02-07T17:11:53 <Bosmon> Something like "being able to predict an artefact name in advance"?
2017-02-07T17:12:00 <colinclark> yeah
'

