b'2017-02-24T21:49:28 <Bosmon> Don\'t tell him, the-t-in-rtf!
2017-02-24T21:49:49 <Bosmon> If you want recursive expansion of values in a transform, you\'ll need to make a call like this to "getValue":
2017-02-24T21:49:55 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/ModelTransformationTransforms.js#L240
2017-02-24T21:49:59 <sgithens> You don\'t need me to fix anything then?
2017-02-24T21:50:09 <Bosmon> No, we just want you to tell us how to do it :)
2017-02-24T21:50:10 <the-t-in-rtf> We need you to fix them ALL by telling us how a repo is properly set up to allow people to assign PRs.
2017-02-24T21:50:18 <Bosmon> Here, in the channel
2017-02-24T21:50:21 <Bosmon> Where it will be logged permanently : P
2017-02-24T21:51:33 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf: Ok, I\'ll look at gpii-testem as an example then?
2017-02-24T21:52:02 <the-t-in-rtf> Well, gpii-pouchdb-lucene, gpii-pouchdb, gpii-express and many others are set up correctly.
2017-02-24T21:52:17 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m just not an admin on any of those to see how they\'re set up.
2017-02-24T21:52:57 <sgithens> aha
2017-02-24T21:53:07 <sgithens> I\'ll compare it with those three
2017-02-24T21:53:34 <sgithens> Hey, I\'m really sorry if I missed your pings/emails or something, I really had no idea you were needing me to do this.
2017-02-24T21:57:15 <sgithens> for gpii-testem there weren\'t any teams assigned to the project in the settings, so I added the same that were on gpii-express: Admin:Admin, GPIIContributors:Write
2017-02-24T21:58:06 <sgithens> also CoreArchitectureCommitters:Write
2017-02-24T22:05:20 <sgithens> Bosmon the-t-in-rtf : I just updated like 10 of the Hatkins repos to have the 3 groups above.  If you still can\'t open/edit a PR let me know which repo you\'re working on
2017-02-24T22:37:38 <aashay> I wanted to work on https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-461 . Can anyone tell me where to find the code for the learning dashboard? I tried searching in the github repo but didn\'t find anything.
2017-02-24T22:38:29 <aashay> There are many features I think I can implement.
2017-02-24T22:38:48 <danayo> alanharnum ^
2017-02-24T22:42:15 <danayo> aashay, that\'s great, the person to talk to would be alanharnum, but we probably also need to re-evaluate priorities on that project
2017-02-24T22:42:19 <danayo> maybe we can all meet next week
2017-02-24T22:43:49 <aashay> Okay. So can you tell me which is the highest priority project right now?
2017-02-24T22:44:38 <danayo> do you mean highest priority FLOE project, aashay?
2017-02-24T22:45:16 <danayo> what I meant about priorities was more about features in the Learning Dashboard itself
2017-02-24T22:46:33 <aashay> Oh, i saw priority as major on JIRA so i thought it would be good to implement this.
2017-02-24T22:48:09 <aashay> danayo : What component of FLOE project is under the active development right now? chartAuthoring?
2017-02-24T22:50:28 <danayo> aashay I think it would be best to discuss the Learning Dashboard implementation stuff with alanharnum. chartAuthoring is not in active development at the moment ... but I\'m not the best person to sort out development priorities. colinclark, do you have any thoughts?
2017-02-24T22:50:47 <colinclark> lemme catch up
2017-02-24T22:50:51 <danayo> sure, thanks
2017-02-24T22:51:56 <colinclark> yeah, I think you\'re right, danayo, that doing development on the learning dashboard right now is probably not a big priority
2017-02-24T22:52:12 <colinclark> I mean, there are lots of interesting things that could be done, aashay, with the dashboard
2017-02-24T22:52:21 <colinclark> but the issue is that we built an initial proof-of-concept
2017-02-24T22:52:35 <colinclark> and it helped us realize that we wanted to take a somewhat different approach
2017-02-24T22:52:49 <colinclark> which we\'re still in the process of working through
2017-02-24T22:53:02 <colinclark> so it\'s not the kind of thing where you could dive in and have very concrete things to add or to fix
2017-02-24T22:53:14 <colinclark> Chart Authoring, on the other hand, probably has some useful things you could contribute to
2017-02-24T22:53:32 <colinclark> alanharnum is the primary developer on it right now, and he\'s busy with other tasks, but it\'s a little more solid and further along
2017-02-24T22:53:51 <colinclark> so I\'d think that there are some worthwhile things to try out there
2017-02-24T22:53:59 <colinclark> from little bugs to more ambitious things
2017-02-24T22:56:34 <aashay> colinclark: thanks for the info. I will go with your advice and start working on finding issues in chartAuthoring.
2017-02-24T22:56:52 <aashay> will consult alanharnum if required. thanks :)
2017-02-24T22:57:28 <colinclark> aashay: It could be cool\xe2\x80\x94good luck!
2017-02-24T22:57:39 <danayo> thanks colinclark
2017-02-24T22:57:41 <danayo> thanks aashay!
2017-02-24T22:57:44 <colinclark> any time
2017-02-24T22:57:54 <colinclark> it\'s a nice distraction from Microsoft Word :)
2017-02-24T22:58:01 <aashay> Thanks :)
2017-02-24T23:07:23 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-24T23:17:33 * Caren joined the channel
2017-02-24T23:28:05 * michelled has left the channel
2017-02-24T23:40:27 * jhernandez has quit
2017-02-24T23:40:34 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-02-24T23:46:50 * sgithens has quit
'

b'2017-02-24T16:59:48 <jhung> colinclark:  I\'ve added a video for the Wave on a String Nexus hack. You can see them here: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCEYzA-AOrdeiUmYF8nOMM9w
2017-02-24T17:00:57 <colinclark> oh perfect!
2017-02-24T17:00:58 <colinclark> thank you
2017-02-24T17:01:06 <colinclark> I\'ll update that section of the deliverable
2017-02-24T17:03:22 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-24T17:10:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-24T17:33:59 * Caren joined the channel
2017-02-24T17:42:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-24T17:51:15 <aashay> Hi. As some of you already know I have been working on fixing some bugs, so I wanted to know more about how is fluid project related to Inclusive design Research center. Can anyone enlighten me on that?
2017-02-24T17:52:06 <aashay> Asking out of curiosity.
2017-02-24T17:53:28 <jhernandez> cindyli1: as promised, I\'ve just created https://github.com/cindyli/gpii-architecture-docs/pull/1
2017-02-24T17:54:07 <jhernandez> ;)
2017-02-24T17:54:24 <cindyli1> great. thanks, jhernandez
2017-02-24T17:57:47 <jhernandez> yw :)
2017-02-24T18:03:30 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-24T18:03:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-24T18:09:19 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-24T18:19:53 <avtar> hey cindyli
2017-02-24T18:20:02 <cindyli> hi avtar
2017-02-24T18:20:40 <avtar> any chance you could take a look at this pr again at some point today? https://github.com/fluid-project/chartAuthoring/pull/17
2017-02-24T18:21:08 <cindyli> right. on it now, avtar
2017-02-24T18:22:04 <avtar> thanks!
2017-02-24T18:23:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-24T18:29:13 <cindyli> avtar: i left a comment on ur pull request about updating READEME: https://github.com/gpii-ops/ansible-preferences-server/pull/4
2017-02-24T18:34:54 <avtar> cindyli: updating that pr now
2017-02-24T18:35:04 <cindyli> thanks, avtar
2017-02-24T18:40:29 <cindyli> alanharnum, avtar, the chart authoring pull request is merged
2017-02-24T18:40:36 <alanharnum> cindyli: thank you!
2017-02-24T18:40:42 <cindyli> anytime :)
2017-02-24T18:41:35 * noveens joined the channel
2017-02-24T18:47:58 <avtar> cindyli: thanks :D
2017-02-24T18:48:18 <avtar> i updated the preferences server related pr as well
2017-02-24T18:48:36 <cindyli> thanks, avtar
2017-02-24T18:49:03 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-24T18:55:01 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-02-24T18:58:32 * stegru has quit
2017-02-24T19:17:37 <Bosmon> Thanks so much for the merge and updated to chartAuthoring, alanharnum and cindyli
2017-02-24T19:17:44 <Bosmon> I\'m really looking forward to updating to this version now :)
2017-02-24T19:17:57 <Bosmon> Given I have been working for several weeks against a hand-patched version of Infusion.....
2017-02-24T19:18:05 <alanharnum> no problem Bosmon - I\'m curious to see what you\'re using this for the Nexus
2017-02-24T19:18:10 * Caren joined the channel
2017-02-24T19:18:32 <Bosmon> Yes, we should have a little demo next week
2017-02-24T19:30:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-24T19:42:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-24T19:43:59 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: we need to reboot our servers due to a new security update (kernel), if you\'re doing any work on the wiki/jira, please save your work.. planning to reboot everything at 3pm Eastern (sorry for the short notice, need enough time to fix if anything breaks, and it\'s friday)
2017-02-24T19:46:07 <jhung> gtirloni: thanks for the heads up. I\'m good.
2017-02-24T19:47:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-24T19:53:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-24T19:56:14 <colinclark> cindyli, did you see the comparison that Kaye sent along on the community list?
2017-02-24T19:56:44 <colinclark> interestingly, it sounds like AChecker did pretty good in terms of catching issues on their test page
2017-02-24T19:56:46 <cindyli> yes, colinclark, gtirloni also sent that article here earlier today
2017-02-24T19:56:50 <colinclark> oh cool
2017-02-24T19:56:58 <colinclark> what do you think, cindyli?
2017-02-24T19:57:30 <cindyli> right. but achecker still lacks some important features like to allow scripting
2017-02-24T19:58:34 <cindyli> if you look at the section of "How do features compare" of the test result https://alphagov.github.io/accessibility-tool-audit/index.html
2017-02-24T19:58:49 <cindyli> AChecker doesn\'t rank high in there
2017-02-24T19:59:24 <colinclark> yes
2017-02-24T19:59:35 <colinclark> CI was one of the things that stood out to me
2017-02-24T19:59:52 <colinclark> since we have a significant investment in CI-related activities
2017-02-24T19:59:54 <cindyli> also the database with barriers need to expand with the progress of tech
2017-02-24T19:59:59 <colinclark> right
2017-02-24T20:00:37 <colinclark> cindyli, would it take you a year to modernize AChecker? Perhaps to also port it to Node.js and CouchDB?
2017-02-24T20:00:44 <colinclark> or more or less?
2017-02-24T20:01:10 <cindyli> colinclark: why do you wanna port it to CouchDB? PHP works pretty well with mysql
2017-02-24T20:01:16 <colinclark> ha
2017-02-24T20:01:17 <colinclark> yes
2017-02-24T20:01:25 <colinclark> Well, we\'d have to port it to JavaScript to effectively be able to do things like add in-browser support, I imagine?
2017-02-24T20:01:50 <colinclark> I mean, you could write a plugin and then use AChecker\'s API or something
2017-02-24T20:01:57 <cindyli> right
2017-02-24T20:01:58 <colinclark> but I imagine the API itself is somewhat outdated, too
2017-02-24T20:02:02 <colinclark> but maybe not
2017-02-24T20:02:24 <colinclark> the other reason to do it is to have more than just you able to maintain it
2017-02-24T20:02:32 <colinclark> since you are a valuable leader in our community
2017-02-24T20:02:37 <colinclark> you might want to have some backup :)
2017-02-24T20:02:45 <colinclark> I\'m not saying we should, just to be clear
2017-02-24T20:02:50 <colinclark> just idlly curious
2017-02-24T20:03:41 <colinclark> It\'s tough these days to compete with the big accessibility companies, who I guess often leverage their tools for sales of their services
2017-02-24T20:03:50 <cindyli> colinclark: mysql and couchdb use very different strategies. it would be a good chunk of work to switch the gear. will have to redesign all tables and rewrite the data manipulation
2017-02-24T20:03:56 <colinclark> back when we started, few if any of those companies existed :)
2017-02-24T20:04:38 <colinclark> yes, definitely very different strategies for persistence
2017-02-24T20:04:57 <colinclark> What does the current data model for AChecker look like, cindyli?
2017-02-24T20:05:04 <colinclark> what kinds of tables and fields does it include?
2017-02-24T20:05:52 <cindyli> colinclark: speaking in code - https://github.com/inclusive-design/AChecker/blob/master/install/db/achecker_schema.sql
2017-02-24T20:06:00 <colinclark> :) :)
2017-02-24T20:06:34 <cindyli> might be too much details
2017-02-24T20:06:42 <colinclark> no, it\'s perfect
2017-02-24T20:06:52 <colinclark> been a long time since i\'ve read some SQL
2017-02-24T20:08:07 <colinclark> it\'s interesting how strangely schematic relational databases are, in contrast to thinking about JSON structures
2017-02-24T20:08:14 <colinclark> it\'s really from another era
2017-02-24T20:09:56 <colinclark> someone should name their rock band #F5F5F5
2017-02-24T20:10:01 <colinclark> aka \'whitesmoke\'
2017-02-24T20:11:43 <alanharnum> colinclark: whitesmoke would be a whitesnake cover band made up entirely of web developers
2017-02-24T20:11:47 <cindyli> that\'s true. i\'m a bit concerned about how well couchdb handles large transactions where db manipulations are frequent. i sort of rmb reading an article about couchdb is better at handling static fetches rather than a combination of read/write. anyway, we need to double check on these things before switching gears
2017-02-24T20:11:48 <colinclark> right
2017-02-24T20:12:40 <colinclark> I think the CouchDB community wrote a lot of tests that you can run to see behaviour under different types of load
2017-02-24T20:12:54 <colinclark> I guess typically the issue is whether there are a lot of free queries
2017-02-24T20:12:54 <cindyli> that\'s cool
2017-02-24T20:12:58 <colinclark> like user-defined queries
2017-02-24T20:13:07 <colinclark> which I imagine AChecker doesn\'t do
2017-02-24T20:13:54 <cindyli> "user-defined queries"? what are these users? achecker users? or me as a developer writing queries in code
2017-02-24T20:14:00 <colinclark> yeah
2017-02-24T20:14:11 <colinclark> like a user interface where users can create or compose their own structured queries
2017-02-24T20:14:17 <cindyli> ah i see
2017-02-24T20:14:17 <colinclark> you don\'t see them as much anymore
2017-02-24T20:14:24 <cindyli> no, achecker doesn\'t do that
2017-02-24T20:14:43 <the-t-in-rtf> Is someone restarting issues.gpii.net?
2017-02-24T20:15:06 <cindyli> the-t-in-rtf: gtirloni sent a message earlier about that
2017-02-24T20:15:15 <cindyli> 3pm, restart servers
2017-02-24T20:15:19 <colinclark> kernel updates
2017-02-24T20:15:28 <the-t-in-rtf> to where?
2017-02-24T20:15:41 <the-t-in-rtf> I don\'t see it on either the arch or work lists?
2017-02-24T20:15:50 <gtirloni> here
2017-02-24T20:15:59 <gtirloni> almost done
2017-02-24T20:17:26 <the-t-in-rtf> yup, it\'s back.
2017-02-24T20:18:04 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: kernel updates applied -- our monitoring shows all services up, but if you find anything wrong, please let us know
2017-02-24T20:19:19 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-24T20:21:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-24T20:21:43 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-24T21:03:18 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-02-24T21:14:28 <sgithens> Does anyone know if it\'s not possible to pass in a transform rule to a free function argument?  Or maybe there is a correct way do it, or maybe my syntax is wrong
2017-02-24T21:14:30 <sgithens> https://gist.github.com/sgithens/a39013b4be3fb2e8bc4624a52e224aa1
2017-02-24T21:15:19 <sgithens> on line 13 I\'d like to run that transform to push in the argument from the model path req.params.npset
2017-02-24T21:23:10 <sgithens> hmm
2017-02-24T21:23:18 <sgithens> I see in the docs now that it\'s not supported
2017-02-24T21:23:20 <sgithens> http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ModelTransformationAPI.html#use-any-globally-available-function-as-transform-fluid-transforms-free-
2017-02-24T21:30:28 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf : In gpii-handlebars how do you go about taking a request parameter and doing some work in it? (other than just simply passing it in to the context) You can see in the above gist, I\'m trying to use the :npset set in the req.params to build a component and perhaps do some other processing
2017-02-24T21:37:08 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-24T21:37:50 <sgithens> I guess I\'ll look at making a custom transform type for this for now
2017-02-24T21:42:47 <Bosmon> sgithens - that won\'t help you much
2017-02-24T21:43:04 <Bosmon> sgithens - the-t-in-rtf says that "there is something one needs to do" to a newly created repo to allow people to assign issues in it
2017-02-24T21:43:29 <Bosmon> sgithens - you\'re just trying to do too much inside a transform block
2017-02-24T21:45:14 <the-t-in-rtf> I just looked through past tickets, looking through chat logs now.
2017-02-24T21:46:32 <sgithens> Bosmon: Hi!
2017-02-24T21:46:48 <sgithens> Um, I can change settings on something if that needs to happen?
2017-02-24T21:46:58 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, I see evidence that @sgithens fixed gpii-pouchdb-lucene on March 31st of last year.
2017-02-24T21:46:59 <Bosmon> Yes, but can you tell us how to do that first :)
2017-02-24T21:47:06 <the-t-in-rtf> hopefully that jogs your memory.
2017-02-24T21:47:23 <Bosmon> Before you take the knowledge and write it onto a Sony VAIO that you stick under your stairs
2017-02-24T21:47:35 <sgithens> Are you talking to me?
2017-02-24T21:47:46 <sgithens> I\'m really confused right now
2017-02-24T21:48:09 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, @sgithens, there is a new repo that has bad perms.
2017-02-24T21:48:16 <the-t-in-rtf> I can\'t assign PRs to Antranig
2017-02-24T21:48:17 <sgithens> Anyways, it seemed odd at first, but having a model transform function as the way to populate a view context is kind of neat
2017-02-24T21:48:22 <sgithens> a little verbose
2017-02-24T21:48:22 <Bosmon> But we would like to know what "bad perms" means first
2017-02-24T21:48:22 <the-t-in-rtf> you fixed something similar a while ago.
2017-02-24T21:48:25 <sgithens> but interesting
2017-02-24T21:48:42 <the-t-in-rtf> As you didn\'t mention what you had to fix, I have to rely on your recollection.
2017-02-24T21:48:55 <Bosmon> Yes, I guess it could be worth continuing with, but it means persisting with an undocumented API and a sort of non-preferred development technique
2017-02-24T21:49:19 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf: Which repo do you need me to fix?
'

b'2017-02-24T00:56:12 * avtar joined the channel
2017-02-24T05:06:02 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-24T05:14:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-24T05:51:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-24T08:13:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-24T08:20:32 * aashay joined the channel
2017-02-24T09:33:12 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-24T12:26:17 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-02-24T12:57:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you have a minute to help me with a model relay issue?
2017-02-24T13:00:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-24T13:18:32 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-02-24T13:18:42 <alanharn_> this is fun: https://www.dwitter.net/top
2017-02-24T13:20:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-24T13:25:47 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-24T13:28:45 <Bosmon> Hey there Justin_o
2017-02-24T13:28:48 <Bosmon> What\'s going on!
2017-02-24T13:30:09 * sgithens has quit
2017-02-24T13:32:47 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-24T13:33:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2017-02-24T13:34:01 <Justin_o> sort of an old problem, i\'ll send you a link to a branch though
2017-02-24T13:37:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so the issue is in this branch https://github.com/jobara/infusion/tree/FLUID-5536-unit
2017-02-24T13:37:42 <Justin_o> I\'ve simplified the model relays
2017-02-24T13:37:47 <Justin_o> but the problem is if you enter an invalid value
2017-02-24T13:38:06 <Justin_o> to try this out, if you run the UI Options demo, try either the text size or line spacing adjusters
2017-02-24T13:38:35 <Justin_o> they will work, but if you enter in a text like "aaaa" instead of a number like 1.2
2017-02-24T13:38:43 <Justin_o> what should happen is the the "aaaa" is replaced by the last valid entry
2017-02-24T13:39:24 <Bosmon> Yes, there would be no way to achieve that with a plain model relay
2017-02-24T13:39:33 <Bosmon> Since there would be no reason for the dataflow to start running in the other direction
2017-02-24T13:39:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i\'m trying to tackle the issue mentioned in this comment https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/textfieldSlider/js/TextfieldSlider.js#L127-L134
2017-02-24T13:40:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :( okay, so i\'m thinking that i can try to guard it before it\'s sent to the change applier then
2017-02-24T13:40:59 <Bosmon> The comment here seems completely correct, and I don\'t believe that there\'s still much we can do about it
2017-02-24T13:41:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: part of what I\'m attempting is for the textfield to not have to not be restricted to numbers, so that it could be used in other situations too
2017-02-24T13:41:56 <Justin_o> so i\'m pushing that logic up into the textfield controller
2017-02-24T13:42:14 <Justin_o> or perhaps it should just be an additional grade that gets applied to the textfield slider and stepper
2017-02-24T13:42:26 <Bosmon> How is it that it might not be restricted to numbers, if it is attached to a slider?
2017-02-24T13:42:33 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-24T13:44:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the textfield itself is a separate component
2017-02-24T13:45:32 <Bosmon> Justin_o sure, well rules like this could easily be put into an "interactional grade"
2017-02-24T13:45:38 <Bosmon> We didn\'t like doing such things in the old days
2017-02-24T13:46:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: this is what i\'m working with now https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-5536-unit/src/components/textfieldControl/js/TextfieldControl.js
2017-02-24T13:46:46 <Justin_o> so i think it makes sense to move that into the controllers view of the textfield because the controller deals with the ranges
2017-02-24T13:47:18 <Justin_o> i\'m thinking of adding it to the subcomponent config for the textfield in the controller component
2017-02-24T13:47:29 <Bosmon> We should move min and max into the model while we\'re at it
2017-02-24T13:47:36 <Bosmon> These could easily change over the lifetime of the component
2017-02-24T13:47:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i hadn\'t thought of a case like that
2017-02-24T13:48:13 <Bosmon> I don\'t think it makes sense for the controller itself to be a viewComponent
2017-02-24T13:48:34 <Bosmon> To the extent we still buy into the "MVC" idiom, this will make for a confused design
2017-02-24T13:49:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there are lots of situations, for example, where a control needs to be used to enter a value which is lower than some other value
2017-02-24T13:49:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: curious about the controller being a viewComponent comment, wouldn\'t it have to be, to pass that down the container to the textfield?
2017-02-24T13:50:13 <Justin_o> or do you think the controller should become a grade or subcomponent of the textfield?
2017-02-24T13:50:16 <Justin_o> or sibling?
2017-02-24T13:50:22 <Bosmon> Subcomponent makes more sense
2017-02-24T13:50:36 <Bosmon> Since the user of the textfield will want to manipulate it as if it is simply a textfield
2017-02-24T13:50:54 <Bosmon> And not have to grapple with the details of the controller if they are not interested in it
2017-02-24T13:51:02 <Bosmon> This is the pattern I am using for what could be called "new keyboard a11y"
2017-02-24T13:51:56 <Bosmon> In true Githens mode I have not committed my code yet, but I should do in a couple of hours :)
2017-02-24T13:51:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: intersting, so the abstraction i was going for is that the stepper and slider would use the controller as a grade, such as https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-5536-unit/src/components/textfieldControl/js/TextfieldSlider.js
2017-02-24T13:52:13 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, so they can easily pass this grade in from the outside by using an options distribution
2017-02-24T13:52:19 <Justin_o> when you do, please pass it along if you think it would be a useful example to follow
2017-02-24T13:52:21 <Bosmon> Or even simply configuring it in its exact place
2017-02-24T13:52:46 <Bosmon> Thankfully the IoC system means that issues of "who contains who" can be treated by convenience rather than necessity
2017-02-24T13:53:47 <Bosmon> Justin_o - so this is what "fluid.keys.selectable" looks like currently: https://gist.github.com/amb26/30a54bc2a7f779216f5483c12e789e9a
2017-02-24T13:54:18 <Bosmon> It uses what could be called a "curiously recurring pattern" in that the particular component it is targetted at is explicitly configured into it by means of an injected component named "hostComponent"
2017-02-24T13:54:31 <Bosmon> But typically it is a direct child of the component to which it adds keyboard accessibility
2017-02-24T13:54:45 <Bosmon> And as you notice, it is not a viewComponent itself since it doesn\'t really need to be
2017-02-24T13:54:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, so to summarize, you suggest making the fluid.textfieldControl to be a modelComponent which gets added to the textfield as a sub component. the slider and stepper would add this as a grade to their own textfield subcomponents.. and i should setup the configuration for the limiting the textfield to numbers in the control config somehow
2017-02-24T13:54:56 <Bosmon> It is simply "parasitic" on the viewComponent nature of its parent
2017-02-24T13:55:19 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, I think that generally makes sense
2017-02-24T13:55:47 <Bosmon> The consumer of the textfield isn\'t going to want to look at an overall parent which is some wierd grade such as fluid.textfieldControl
2017-02-24T13:56:21 <Bosmon> It\'s funny how 10 years later we are having this sudden renaissance of viewComponent work :)
2017-02-24T13:56:32 <Bosmon> Although thankfully we are a little better equipped this time
2017-02-24T13:56:37 <Bosmon> Even though we still don\'t have a renderer
2017-02-24T13:56:50 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-02-24T13:56:57 <Bosmon> But my in-progress FLUID-4884 branch at least has the foundations of the new renderer, as well as new keyboard-a11y
2017-02-24T13:57:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'ll be really great
2017-02-24T13:57:59 <Bosmon> I made the following JIRA to cover my keyboard-a11y work if you are interested: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6133
2017-02-24T13:58:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: as you work on the new renderer stuff could you make sure that if it\'s changing id\'s that it works with aria references to ids, for example aria-labelledby
2017-02-24T13:59:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we could easily patch that up in the "old renderer" for now, by adding a further case to this function: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/renderer/js/fluidRenderer.js#L1102
2017-02-24T14:00:10 <Bosmon> When this was still written in JAVER we had an open system where people could contribute fresh relations, but in the JavaScript world of 2008 we became a little unhealthily obsessed with performance at the expense of design : P
2017-02-24T14:02:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah, interesting.. i wonder if it\'s worth patching or not.. i may be in need of it for some UIO work, so I guess i\'ll find out soon
2017-02-24T14:03:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure, let\'s see
2017-02-24T14:03:39 <Bosmon> I\'ve been mostly using aria-label myself for the time being
2017-02-24T14:04:03 <Bosmon> My branch also contains a very simple component named "plainAriaLabels" which is a mixin rather than a subcomponent
2017-02-24T14:04:51 <Bosmon> https://gist.github.com/amb26/acab8410a414b243c3a87a9a4eb2bc56
2017-02-24T14:05:55 <Bosmon> Ok I updated the gist to show a sample usage
2017-02-24T14:07:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how would that work with message bundles?
2017-02-24T14:08:41 <Justin_o> distribute options from the strings to plainAriaLables or something?
2017-02-24T14:09:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also, before i forget, https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/807 is ready for more review
2017-02-24T14:13:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m heading off now, but thanks for all the help, and insight into future developments :)
2017-02-24T14:14:24 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cheers, I\'ll take a look
2017-02-24T14:21:09 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-24T14:32:02 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-24T14:36:44 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-24T14:45:41 * noveens joined the channel
2017-02-24T14:48:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-24T14:52:13 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-02-24T14:53:17 <colinclark> alanharnum: Did we see we would meet at 10 am this morning?
2017-02-24T14:53:30 <colinclark> and if so, any chance we can push it back by 30 minutes to 10:30?
2017-02-24T15:00:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-24T15:00:26 <alanharnum> colinclark: that works for me - does that work for you jhung?
2017-02-24T15:01:07 <jhung> alanharnum: what is this meeting? I don\'t see anything on the calendar.
2017-02-24T15:01:53 <Bosmon> Hey alanharnum, those dwitters are very nice
2017-02-24T15:03:47 <alanharnum> jhung: this is about the Bodies in Translation / Vibrafusion next steps
2017-02-24T15:04:05 <jhung> alanharnum: ah. Ok. 10:30a works for me.
2017-02-24T15:04:32 <colinclark> great
2017-02-24T15:04:33 <colinclark> thanks!
2017-02-24T15:05:25 <alanharnum> Bosmon: yeah, they\'re a pretty neat example of social coding
2017-02-24T15:07:46 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-24T15:10:13 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-24T15:14:40 <Bosmon> It\'s a shame that they prioritise incomprehensibility at the expense of openness :)
2017-02-24T15:15:08 <Bosmon> This kind of "coding golf" is an unpleasant disease of our age
2017-02-24T15:16:07 <alanharnum> https://www.poetryfoundation.org/poems-and-poets/poems/detail/52299
2017-02-24T15:16:24 <alanharnum> more concretely, I think it was originally a project that worked with Twitter\'s character limitations
2017-02-24T15:16:49 <alanharnum> however, I agree; it\'s some of the same odour as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Obfuscated_Perl_Contest
2017-02-24T15:17:20 <alanharnum> fun for insiders, not especially friendly to the new
2017-02-24T15:17:35 <alanharnum> https://bl.ocks.org/mbostock (which I\'ve found invaluable for my D3 work) is much better in that respect
2017-02-24T15:17:38 <Bosmon> Yes, this is the thing, you see - Computer Science has no choice but to try to import aesthetic standards ready-made from other disciplines that are actually functioning : P
2017-02-24T15:17:57 <Bosmon> Brevity, beauty, soundness, etc.
2017-02-24T15:18:02 * Caren joined the channel
2017-02-24T15:18:10 <Bosmon> Whereas it should really just sit tight and try to develop some aesthetic standards of its own :)
2017-02-24T15:18:51 <Bosmon> It\'s a lovely poem
2017-02-24T15:19:17 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-24T15:19:43 <Bosmon> https://www.theguardian.com/books/2000/sep/24/historybooks
2017-02-24T15:19:54 <Bosmon> I read this book last month, in which Wordsworth features heavily
2017-02-24T15:19:58 <Bosmon> It was very good
2017-02-24T15:20:30 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-24T15:22:07 <alanharnum> this could turn into a lengthy conversation, but i\'ll say it anyway - i think, especially as someone who does a certain amount of code-based or code-influenced art, that a single aesthetic standard for code (and I don\'t think this is what you\'re saying, it\'s just a point I want to forefront) would be reductionist
2017-02-24T15:23:06 <alanharnum> rather, what we call "code" is a sufficiently broad term that the aesthetics we should apply are heavily context-dependent
2017-02-24T15:23:43 <alanharnum> what you say about developing intrinsic aesthetic standards for code (I prefer that term myself to Computer Science, but that may be quite personal) is really interesting, though
2017-02-24T15:24:16 <alanharnum> i wonder what that process would look like and if there are analogues in other "older" but still 20th century disciplines
2017-02-24T15:25:12 <alanharnum> like the way cinema took several generations of progressive acceleration of critical understanding and feedback cycles from that to creators
2017-02-24T15:26:42 * yzen has quit
2017-02-24T15:27:09 <alanharnum> cinema is also an interesting analogue to think about because so much of its development is driven by and drives tool development
2017-02-24T15:29:32 <danayo> alanharnum, jhung, colinclark: should I join your bodies in translation meeting? not sure if this is related to the meeting we didn\'t end up having last week... ?
2017-02-24T15:30:05 <alanharnum> danayo: you\'d be welcome - I think this is probably going to be something like the meeting we didn\'t have last week
2017-02-24T15:30:22 <alanharnum> colinclark jhung danayo: my room is open
2017-02-24T15:30:52 <jhung> alanharnum:  coming
2017-02-24T15:36:07 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-24T15:36:13 * kavya joined the channel
2017-02-24T15:36:24 <Bosmon> Hey there alanharnum - can I come along too? : P
2017-02-24T15:37:31 <alanharnum> Bosmon: sure, if you\'re curious
2017-02-24T15:37:39 <Bosmon> More than curious
2017-02-24T15:37:45 <Bosmon> AGOG!
2017-02-24T15:39:18 <alanharnum> michelled: hop on the call in my room to talk about resourcing
2017-02-24T16:08:34 * kavya has quit
2017-02-24T16:25:29 <gtirloni> cindyli1: hi! achecker.ca is featured here: https://accessibility.blog.gov.uk/2017/02/24/what-we-found-when-we-tested-tools-on-the-worlds-least-accessible-webpage/
2017-02-24T16:27:20 <cindyli1> whoa\xe2\x80\xa6. that\'s cool. nice finding. thanks, gtirloni
2017-02-24T16:27:58 <alanharnum> gtirloni: good find, I love GDS
2017-02-24T16:30:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-24T16:57:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

