b'2017-06-07T17:21:41 <jhernandez> mm
2017-06-07T17:23:00 <simonjb> jhernandez: are these the relevant source files? https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/BrowserChannel.js and https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/settingsHandlers/src/WebSocketsSettingsHandler.js
2017-06-07T17:23:05 <simonjb> are there others?
2017-06-07T17:23:05 <jhernandez> well, the browser channel is somehow part of the flowManager
2017-06-07T17:23:10 <jhernandez> simonjb: right
2017-06-07T17:23:22 <simonjb> cool
2017-06-07T17:23:25 <jhernandez> these are the relevant files
2017-06-07T17:24:56 <jhernandez> colinclark: as an answer to your question, I wouldn\'t put the chrome extension in the diagram because it\'s a solution
2017-06-07T17:25:07 <simonjb> 1. the web socket settings handler and 2. the browser channel that adds a websocket endpoint to the flow manager
2017-06-07T17:25:23 <jhernandez> simonjb: yes
2017-06-07T17:25:53 <simonjb> and the extension registers itself as a (websocket) solution through the flow manager browser channel endpoint
2017-06-07T17:26:26 <jhernandez> colinclark: but if you want to explain how it works, then you should have a browserChannel box - dunno
2017-06-07T17:27:10 <simonjb> and then when the flow manager wants to apply user settings, it sends the settings to the extension through the web socket settings handler
2017-06-07T17:27:33 <simonjb> right?
2017-06-07T17:28:37 <jhernandez> yes, that\'s how it works
2017-06-07T17:35:50 <simonjb> awesome
2017-06-07T17:37:32 <colinclark> sorry, just catchin gup
2017-06-07T17:38:06 <colinclark> had to give a spontaneous little talk with Ale about integrating ATs
2017-06-07T17:38:35 <colinclark> jhernandez: I think it\'s crucial to include it in the diagram
2017-06-07T17:38:40 <colinclark> arguably for "political" reasons
2017-06-07T17:38:43 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-06-07T17:39:00 <colinclark> people are really interested in and confused about how we\'re handling web personalization
2017-06-07T17:39:15 <colinclark> and as I learned from C4A, a place in the diagram is a place of power :)
2017-06-07T17:40:02 <colinclark> right now, jhernandez, I have a browser channel box coming out of the flow manager, and pointing down to a box that is the browser extension, and another arrow pointing from the extension to "Solutions"
2017-06-07T17:40:13 <colinclark> since the browser extension can control third-party extensions, etc.
2017-06-07T17:40:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-07T17:41:13 <jhernandez> yeah
2017-06-07T17:41:34 <colinclark> does that seem at all accurate?
2017-06-07T17:41:38 <jhernandez> yes
2017-06-07T17:42:35 <jhernandez> in fact, if in the future we need to illustrate the concept around how the pcp talks to the arch, we will do something similar - putting a "pcp channel" box connected to the PCP
2017-06-07T17:42:52 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-06-07T17:43:29 <jhernandez> I can\'t see any other way to include them in the diagram so far
2017-06-07T17:44:03 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-06-07T18:06:35 <michelled> alanharnum: do you have a few minutes to chat?
2017-06-07T18:11:52 <alanharnum> michelled: sure
2017-06-07T18:12:23 <michelled> can you call me on vidyo?
2017-06-07T18:16:21 * Caren joined the channel
2017-06-07T18:20:57 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-07T18:21:06 * stegru has quit
2017-06-07T18:21:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-07T18:26:28 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at the community meeting today we\'ll be talking to Tom and Ken from ihabilitation
2017-06-07T18:27:38 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2017-06-07T18:28:30 * stegru joined the channel
2017-06-07T18:29:26 * colinclark_ is now known as colinclark
2017-06-07T18:37:44 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-07T18:57:24 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-07T18:58:20 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T19:04:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T19:06:37 <gtirloni> is the "Transformer" a standalone component (i.e. could it be a running in a separate node process of that used by the "Ontology Handler") ?
2017-06-07T19:08:48 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T19:09:05 <gtirloni> kasparnet: hi! maybe you\'re the one to answer this
2017-06-07T19:09:10 <gtirloni> <gtirloni> is the "Transformer" a standalone component (i.e. could it be a running in a separate node process of that used by the "Ontology Handler") ?
2017-06-07T19:09:29 <gtirloni> are they interconnected by a HTTP endpoint?
2017-06-07T19:11:23 * avtar joined the channel
2017-06-07T19:26:50 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-07T19:29:42 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T19:31:32 <kasparnet> gtirloni: nope, it will always be part of another process
2017-06-07T19:32:13 <gtirloni> kasparnet: cool, thank you!
2017-06-07T19:34:04 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-07T19:36:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T19:41:07 * Jess_ has quit
2017-06-07T19:42:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T19:49:07 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-06-07T19:50:59 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T19:52:23 <kasparne_> jhernandez: duuuuuude
2017-06-07T19:55:34 * kavya has quit
2017-06-07T19:59:14 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-06-07T19:59:14 * cindyli has quit
2017-06-07T19:59:55 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-07T20:02:30 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-06-07T20:02:30 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-06-07T20:05:08 * simonjb has quit
2017-06-07T20:20:36 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-06-07T20:34:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-06-07T20:39:54 * cindyli has quit
2017-06-07T21:01:31 * clown has quit
2017-06-07T21:24:01 * ewbjr_ joined the channel
2017-06-07T21:25:12 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-06-07T21:27:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T21:27:52 * avtar has quit
2017-06-07T21:28:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T21:28:23 <jhernandez> kasparnet: ?
2017-06-07T21:29:05 * avtar joined the channel
2017-06-07T21:29:23 * ewbjr has quit
2017-06-07T21:29:26 * ewbjr_ is now known as ewbjr
2017-06-07T21:31:23 <kasparnet> jhernandez: hey dude
2017-06-07T21:31:46 <kasparnet> I was just wondering
2017-06-07T21:31:50 <kasparnet> wrt to the browser plugin
2017-06-07T21:32:33 <kasparnet> if it wouldn\'t be connected to the lifecycle manager diagramatically ... Since it will be triggered from the lifecycle manager on the same level as the settingshandlers
2017-06-07T21:33:29 <kasparnet> Bosmon2, Bosmon7, or any of the other bosmons might have an opionion on this
2017-06-07T21:35:28 <jhernandez> it\'s true that the actions come from the lifecycleManager and ultimately from the websockets settings handler, but the browserChannel is the "entry point" for the chrome extension to the core architecture
2017-06-07T21:48:11 <Bosmon7> kasparnet - what\'s the question, exactly?
2017-06-07T21:49:28 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T21:50:18 * avtar joined the channel
2017-06-07T21:53:12 * Caren has quit
2017-06-07T21:57:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T21:57:53 <kasparnet> yeah, you\'re right jhernandez
2017-06-07T21:58:21 <kasparnet> I\'m thinking it might be confusing when presenting it
2017-06-07T22:07:35 <kasparnet> but so would having it linked to the LFM
2017-06-07T22:07:38 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-07T22:13:48 * amatas has quit
2017-06-07T22:32:21 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T22:32:23 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-07T22:38:02 * Justin_o has quit
2017-06-07T22:41:28 * stegru has quit
2017-06-07T23:10:57 * javjarfer has quit
2017-06-07T23:15:33 * michelled has quit
2017-06-07T23:15:57 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-07T23:16:25 * michelled has quit
2017-06-07T23:34:30 * avtar has quit
2017-06-07T23:42:41 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-06-07T23:49:01 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-07T23:49:01 * michelled has quit
'

b'2017-06-07T00:14:07 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T00:38:22 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T01:48:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T01:59:17 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-07T02:53:18 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T03:03:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T03:09:40 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T03:21:50 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-07T03:24:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T03:29:26 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-07T03:46:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T03:46:42 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-07T04:41:18 * mrtyler has quit
2017-06-07T06:35:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-07T07:25:15 * stegru joined the channel
2017-06-07T07:29:47 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-06-07T07:54:34 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-06-07T07:54:38 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-06-07T08:15:12 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-07T08:26:12 * amatas joined the channel
2017-06-07T08:53:15 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-06-07T08:53:15 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-06-07T10:29:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T11:00:35 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-06-07T11:01:31 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T11:02:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T11:02:29 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T11:22:35 * stegru has quit
2017-06-07T11:22:57 * stegru joined the channel
2017-06-07T12:17:41 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-06-07T12:38:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-07T12:40:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-06-07T12:48:27 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-06-07T12:55:15 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:02:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:06:49 * jhung joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:07:53 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:10:25 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T13:14:02 * clown joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:14:59 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:16:44 <stegru> I\'ve got a way of using npm link and keeping node_modules inside the VM - anyone interested in a write-up about it?
2017-06-07T13:22:39 <gtirloni> certainly! is that without using a bind mount?
2017-06-07T13:24:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:25:00 <stegru> yes, without that
2017-06-07T13:25:29 <gtirloni> awesome
2017-06-07T13:26:30 <stegru> in short, it\'s creating a directory on the vm, and creating a link to each file/directory in the source root, apart from node_modules
2017-06-07T13:32:02 <gtirloni> each file/directory being each file/directory in the repository? how do you keep that updated?
2017-06-07T13:34:12 <stegru> no just the things in the root - eg, package.json, index.js, gpii/ tests/
2017-06-07T13:34:49 <stegru> i agree, it sounds crazy now that I\'ve explained it, but things don\'t get added to the root every day
2017-06-07T13:34:50 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2017-06-07T13:35:28 <gtirloni> agreed
2017-06-07T13:35:57 <stegru> but the benefit is, the source root on the vm is a local directory and so is node_modules
2017-06-07T13:37:25 <gtirloni> the bind mount achieves that for node_modules, but still leaves the rest of the repository shared between VM and host https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/Vagrantfile#L33-L38
2017-06-07T13:37:32 <gtirloni> but might not match everyone\'s dev workflow
2017-06-07T13:39:03 <stegru> yes, that\'s right.. but you can\'t put a link in node_modules and have it resolve on the client
2017-06-07T13:39:17 <stegru> oh i\'m talking about a windows vm
2017-06-07T13:39:48 <gtirloni> oh, got it
2017-06-07T13:39:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:40:53 <stegru> yeh that\'s not an issue in linux
2017-06-07T13:41:20 <gtirloni> sorry, i didn\'t realize that. makes sense
2017-06-07T13:47:29 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:56:02 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-06-07T13:56:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-07T13:57:57 * avtar joined the channel
2017-06-07T14:22:30 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-06-07T14:23:21 * Caren joined the channel
2017-06-07T14:23:50 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-07T14:24:45 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-07T14:32:46 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T14:33:46 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T14:38:13 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T14:45:05 * michelled has quit
2017-06-07T14:54:22 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2017-06-07T15:29:24 * avtar1 joined the channel
2017-06-07T15:29:50 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-06-07T15:36:51 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-07T15:43:18 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-07T15:43:21 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-06-07T15:48:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T15:57:10 <jhernandez> kasparnet: arch meeting today?
2017-06-07T15:57:34 <jhernandez> are we having it?
2017-06-07T15:58:38 * Caren joined the channel
2017-06-07T15:58:40 <simonjb> michelled: do you know if there\'s an arch meeting today?
2017-06-07T15:58:50 <kasparnet> jhernandez: yeah
2017-06-07T15:58:57 <michelled> yes simonjb
2017-06-07T15:59:06 <kasparnet> michelled will be running it
2017-06-07T16:01:10 <stegru> again?
2017-06-07T16:01:25 <amatas> :D
2017-06-07T16:01:48 * Jess_ has quit
2017-06-07T16:02:43 <the-t-in-rtf> Trying to join, stuck downloading the new version of GtM
2017-06-07T16:03:35 <amatas> the-t-in-rtf: I use the web version
2017-06-07T16:03:51 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, I\'m opening that now.
2017-06-07T16:09:46 * kasparnet has quit
2017-06-07T16:13:59 * kavya joined the channel
2017-06-07T16:23:08 <stegru> michelled: your meetings are the best
2017-06-07T16:24:14 * alanharn_ has quit
2017-06-07T16:24:39 <michelled> hahaha
2017-06-07T16:24:45 <michelled> short and sweet ;)
2017-06-07T16:29:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-07T16:34:36 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-07T16:35:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-07T16:41:05 <kasparnet> ping jhernandez
2017-06-07T16:41:23 <jhernandez> kasparnet: pong
2017-06-07T16:41:30 <kasparnet> hey dude
2017-06-07T16:41:42 <kasparnet> Do you have a link to the new arch diagram handy?
2017-06-07T16:42:18 <jhernandez> this one? https://github.com/GPII/gpii-payloads/blob/master/images/ArchitectureDiagram.png
2017-06-07T16:43:02 <kasparnet> yay, thanks jhernandez
2017-06-07T16:51:40 <jhernandez> :)
2017-06-07T16:57:14 <colinclark> kasparnet: no not that one!
2017-06-07T16:57:15 <colinclark> :)
2017-06-07T16:57:23 <kasparnet> noooooooooo
2017-06-07T16:57:23 <colinclark> I\'ve got an "official" one for tomorrow\'s slides
2017-06-07T16:57:27 <kasparnet> oh oh
2017-06-07T16:57:46 <colinclark> I\'m not convinced it\'s finished yet
2017-06-07T16:57:53 <colinclark> and I\'m not sure how best to share it
2017-06-07T16:58:14 <colinclark> but let\'s try this: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B7JBGbNQaADQNWp1UmFsVXZpTWM/view?usp=sharing
2017-06-07T16:58:22 <colinclark> it needs to be opened in draw.io, kasparnet
2017-06-07T16:58:32 <colinclark> it\'s totally the same essential diagram as jhernandez made
2017-06-07T16:58:40 <colinclark> just with a few more (incorrect?) boxes
2017-06-07T16:58:47 <colinclark> jhernandez: that diagram is hot, thanks for making it
2017-06-07T16:58:58 <kasparnet> and a few less (correct) boxes :D
2017-06-07T16:59:23 <jhernandez> haha
2017-06-07T17:03:47 <jhernandez> colinclark, kasparnet: remember that we also have these: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/GPII_Deployment_Structures
2017-06-07T17:03:51 <jhernandez> JFYI
2017-06-07T17:03:54 <colinclark> yes
2017-06-07T17:04:04 <colinclark> these are crucial
2017-06-07T17:04:24 <colinclark> they\'re in cindyli\'s slides, I think
2017-06-07T17:04:32 <colinclark> I love the one where the Cloud is just a blank box :)
2017-06-07T17:04:36 <colinclark> that one is by far my favourite
2017-06-07T17:18:10 <colinclark> hey jhernandez
2017-06-07T17:18:11 <colinclark> hiya
2017-06-07T17:18:16 <colinclark> can i ask you a quick question?
2017-06-07T17:18:26 <jhernandez> sure
2017-06-07T17:18:31 <jhernandez> sup?!
2017-06-07T17:18:32 <colinclark> i\'m asking for a friend
2017-06-07T17:18:35 <colinclark> (kasparnet)
2017-06-07T17:18:44 <jhernandez> kasparnet: has no friends
2017-06-07T17:18:48 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-06-07T17:18:52 <kasparnet> haha hey!!!
2017-06-07T17:19:00 <colinclark> Can you tell me a bit about the architecture of the browser extension\'s integration?
2017-06-07T17:19:09 <colinclark> So we have a part of the Flow Manager called the Browser Channel
2017-06-07T17:19:33 <colinclark> but the browser extension sort of morally managed by a settings handler?
2017-06-07T17:19:53 <jhernandez> right
2017-06-07T17:20:06 <jhernandez> in fact this has been documented in https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/documentation/BrowserChannel.md
2017-06-07T17:20:50 <jhernandez> there\'s a websockets settings handler behind, which keeps models with settings for solutions
2017-06-07T17:20:58 <colinclark> aha
2017-06-07T17:21:04 <colinclark> ok
2017-06-07T17:21:27 <colinclark> so if you were putting the browser extension on the main architecture diagram, where would you put it
2017-06-07T17:21:30 <colinclark> question mark
2017-06-07T17:21:39 <jhernandez> the browser channel is just the endpoint in the architecture that allows the extension to connecto to the core arch
'

