b'2017-01-24T16:58:57 <colinclark> using only command line flags or environment variables?
2017-01-24T16:59:28 <Bosmon> colinclark - You don\'t, really
2017-01-24T16:59:55 <colinclark> ok, we have to fix this :)
2017-01-24T16:59:55 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf is working on this pull: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-launcher/pull/1
2017-01-24T17:00:07 <colinclark> ok, great
2017-01-24T17:00:46 <Bosmon> But I think it will take us a bit further to work through
2017-01-24T17:00:51 <colinclark> will the launcher eventually be adopted by Kettle?
2017-01-24T17:00:53 <Bosmon> It would be very helpful for you to contribute your use case
2017-01-24T17:01:03 <Bosmon> colinclark - part or all of it will, yes
2017-01-24T17:01:04 <colinclark> Well, my use case isn\'t quite mine
2017-01-24T17:01:08 <Bosmon> Depending on what its dependency impact is
2017-01-24T17:01:25 <colinclark> but our infrastructure team finds it really inconvenient to configure the GPII for deployment
2017-01-24T17:01:26 <Bosmon> I\'m keen to keep "yargs" away from being a core dependency of the entire Kettle config system
2017-01-24T17:01:29 <Bosmon> colinclark - yes, they do
2017-01-24T17:01:36 <colinclark> and it has caused breakage
2017-01-24T17:01:41 <colinclark> since sometimes the configuration format has changed over time
2017-01-24T17:01:47 <Bosmon> Perhaps you/they recall the conversation we had with Justin_o about this perhaps a year back
2017-01-24T17:01:54 <colinclark> Only partially
2017-01-24T17:05:22 <colinclark> was that perhaps in relation to the First Discovery Server?
2017-01-24T17:05:27 <Bosmon> Here\'s the part of Justin_o\'s original implementation: https://github.com/GPII/first-discovery-server/blob/master/src/js/configUtils.js#L21
2017-01-24T17:05:28 <Bosmon> Yes
2017-01-24T17:05:48 <Bosmon> Despite the fact I know I\'ve written this up multiple times, I\'m struggling to find the paper trail
2017-01-24T17:06:14 <colinclark> ok, no problem
2017-01-24T17:06:19 <Bosmon> Here it is
2017-01-24T17:06:19 <colinclark> interestingly, this was the Docker container that failed
2017-01-24T17:06:20 <Bosmon> http://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/architecture/2016-August/004248.html
2017-01-24T17:06:49 <Bosmon> http://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/architecture/2016-August/004251.html
2017-01-24T17:07:23 <Bosmon> So the-t-in-rtf went some way towards refactoring his impl to incorporate this
2017-01-24T17:07:47 <Bosmon> But if possible I\'d like to see the "yargs" resolver as some kind of plugin, which his recent comments on the pull suggest he is planning to do
2017-01-24T17:09:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:10:09 <colinclark> ok
2017-01-24T17:10:11 <colinclark> why as a plugin?
2017-01-24T17:14:00 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:14:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'ve pushed up the changes to https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/5
2017-01-24T17:15:05 * Tabs16 joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:15:21 <Bosmon> colinclark - because I don\'t want the particular encoding of arguments and semantic of yargs to be passed on to every possible user of Kettle configs
2017-01-24T17:15:30 <Bosmon> Or, indeed, the dependency
2017-01-24T17:15:41 <colinclark> why is that?
2017-01-24T17:16:13 <Bosmon> colinclark - perhaps, for example, because we don\'t want to support yargs on the client
2017-01-24T17:16:32 <Bosmon> "Kettle configs" as a system, is intended to be universal
2017-01-24T17:16:35 <colinclark> ah, yes
2017-01-24T17:16:36 <colinclark> fair enough
2017-01-24T17:16:43 <Bosmon> It just happens to be contingently fused into a module that is dependent on node
2017-01-24T17:16:51 <Bosmon> But if we can do our job properly, that will not always be the case
2017-01-24T17:24:27 * Khushil joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:28:40 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:30:58 * javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T17:31:27 * David123__ joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:32:04 * Kobi joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:32:29 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:37:03 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:37:56 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:52:45 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-24T17:57:11 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-24T18:01:49 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-24T18:12:23 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-24T18:19:02 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-24T18:26:33 <Bosmon> colinclark - can you tell me some more about the breakages?
2017-01-24T18:29:25 <michelled> avtar, clown, colinclark, danayo: we are going to start the meeting now
2017-01-24T18:32:20 <colinclark> Bosmon: I\'m not sure I entirely can
2017-01-24T18:32:22 <colinclark> but I bet other could
2017-01-24T18:33:34 <colinclark> others
2017-01-24T18:33:38 <michelled> simonjb: planning meeting
2017-01-24T18:33:43 <colinclark> But I have this impression that perhaps we have an ansible script that modifies or generates a Kettle configuration file for the FD Server
2017-01-24T18:33:50 <colinclark> and that perhaps the config file format changed
2017-01-24T18:34:02 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-01-24T18:34:18 <colinclark> I do know that alanharnum was pretty bummed that he felt he couldn\'t sufficiently control which port "the GPII" binds to, as an administrator
2017-01-24T18:35:31 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-24T18:51:57 <Bosmon> colinclark - sure, yes
2017-01-24T18:52:03 <Bosmon> Part of this is a documentation burden
2017-01-24T18:52:14 <colinclark> yes, I thought it migh tbe
2017-01-24T18:52:21 <Bosmon> Since this could be achieved by writing a further driver config
2017-01-24T18:52:35 <Bosmon> This is why I encouraged cindyli to revive what had been our one working sample of this
2017-01-24T18:52:43 <Bosmon> Unfortunately it got buried with the bodies
2017-01-24T18:52:51 <Bosmon> As we axed our "in-memory OAuth DataStore"
2017-01-24T18:53:25 <colinclark> Right
2017-01-24T18:53:32 <colinclark> but I think we also have an "audience mismatch"
2017-01-24T18:53:35 * stegru_ joined the channel
2017-01-24T18:53:35 * stegru_ has quit
2017-01-24T18:53:56 <colinclark> a lot of tooling and assumptions in the ops world are based around configuring applications via command line flags or environment variables
2017-01-24T18:54:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cheers for the updates to fluid-publish - I\'ve merged the pull and published this in npm as version 2.0.0
2017-01-24T18:56:03 * stegru_ joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:05:54 * jhung joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:06:05 * jhung1 joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:08:23 * stegru_ has quit
2017-01-24T19:16:56 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:17:11 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:20:12 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:21:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: excellent :) thanks
2017-01-24T19:22:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: by the way, i\'m in contact with the NPM support team regarding deprecating those dev releases for Infusion. They are still looking into the problem
2017-01-24T19:24:46 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:27:18 * javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T19:30:56 <Khushil> Hey Khushil here..I am  working with infusion app I have created. https://cdn.rawgit.com/KhushilMistry/Experiment_with_Infusion/7a52893a/demos/inlineEdit/WeightConverter/weightConverter.html
2017-01-24T19:30:56 <Khushil> I want to add more features now. I am thinking about adding Preference Framework functionalities to it. Also try to add some Gallery or image Reorderer component. What else can I do with it ?
2017-01-24T19:30:57 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:34:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:35:01 <kasparnet> hey bosmon
2017-01-24T19:35:06 <kasparnet> would you happen to be around/
2017-01-24T19:35:07 <kasparnet> ?*
2017-01-24T19:37:49 <Justin_o> Khushil: the rawgit link you sent isn\'t opening for me
2017-01-24T19:39:41 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:40:28 * stegru_ joined the channel
2017-01-24T19:42:32 <Khushil> Okay. This is the github link. https://rawgit.com/KhushilMistry/Experiment_with_Infusion/master/demos/inlineEdit/WeightConverter/weightConverter.html Can you look at this ?
2017-01-24T19:44:02 <Khushil> Link is rawgit opening now.
2017-01-24T19:44:16 <Khushil> rawgit link*
2017-01-24T19:48:28 <Justin_o> Khushil: thanks i got it working now. Rather than adding more features to your example, maybe you could explore more the user experience and accessibility of it. That might include adding the preferences framework. You could also write up some unit tests too, if you don\'t have those already.
2017-01-24T19:51:20 <Khushil> Sure. I will now try to add the preferences framework. Then after, I will add some unit tests.
2017-01-24T19:51:20 <Khushil> I am also working on few bugs. I have figured out few bugs. Can you review yesterday\'s PR so that I can understand how debugging and PRs are handled in the community
2017-01-24T20:00:49 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-24T20:08:39 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-24T20:18:12 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-24T20:19:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-24T20:19:49 * jhung1 has quit
2017-01-24T20:23:07 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-24T20:33:04 * Tabs16 has quit
2017-01-24T20:41:48 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-24T20:53:17 <Justin_o> Khushil: sorry, i\'ve been busy. I don\'t think i\'ll have time to get to your PR again today, but i\'ll try to look tomorrow. Please ping me again if you haven\'t heard anything about it
2017-01-24T20:53:53 <Khushil> Okay. No problem.
2017-01-24T20:56:27 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T21:00:50 * _javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T21:01:32 * _javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T21:01:48 * yzen has quit
2017-01-24T21:01:54 * _javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T21:02:24 * _javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T21:03:22 * javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T21:07:53 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-24T21:26:57 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-24T21:54:13 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-24T21:54:22 * stegru has left the channel
2017-01-24T22:12:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-24T22:28:30 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-01-24T22:52:55 * stegru_ has quit
'

b'2017-01-24T00:22:54 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-24T00:59:09 * Tabs16 has quit
2017-01-24T01:20:40 * javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T02:53:21 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-24T03:51:09 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-24T04:02:03 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-24T05:27:16 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-24T05:31:40 * yzen_ has quit
2017-01-24T06:14:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-24T08:12:20 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-24T08:29:26 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T08:54:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-24T09:30:19 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-24T09:35:10 * yzen has quit
2017-01-24T09:59:29 * amatas joined the channel
2017-01-24T10:56:48 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-24T11:16:07 * javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T11:20:05 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T12:00:34 * javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T12:05:21 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T12:34:48 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-24T13:26:02 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-01-24T13:41:43 * Khushil joined the channel
2017-01-24T13:43:02 * jhung joined the channel
2017-01-24T13:45:37 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-24T13:55:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-24T14:10:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-24T14:17:43 * javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T14:18:16 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T14:46:12 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-24T14:52:12 * _javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T14:53:23 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-24T14:53:46 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-24T14:53:47 * javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T15:01:02 <colinclark> Thanks for catching typos in my wiki page, gloob
2017-01-24T15:01:08 <colinclark> I appreciate that
2017-01-24T15:01:25 <colinclark> gtirloni: Which room do we traditionally meet in for the infrastructure meeting?
2017-01-24T15:01:44 <gtirloni> colinclark: hi! mine
2017-01-24T15:01:48 <colinclark> ok
2017-01-24T15:02:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: did you still want to talk about the fluid-publish PR
2017-01-24T15:02:42 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:03:57 <gtirloni> amatas colinclark gloob mrtyler: https://pad.gpii.net/p/2017-01-23-kwp4n39
2017-01-24T15:05:11 <colinclark> gtirloni: It\'s so lonely in here
2017-01-24T15:05:20 <colinclark> I wonder where amatas alanharnum gloob and mrtyler are
2017-01-24T15:05:57 <gtirloni> sarah said 11am.. i wonder if she meant US Central Time
2017-01-24T15:06:22 <colinclark> sandra, you mean?
2017-01-24T15:06:38 <gtirloni> oops, yeah
2017-01-24T15:06:47 <colinclark> it seems to be in the calendar for this time, but i dunno if she moved it or someone else did
2017-01-24T15:09:27 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, I think we just need to improve the wording on that message a little
2017-01-24T15:09:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sure thing, how would you like to work on that?
2017-01-24T15:09:58 <Justin_o> discussion here, call, something else?
2017-01-24T15:11:30 <Bosmon> I guess we can just discuss it here
2017-01-24T15:11:42 <Bosmon> So the unclarity starts with the words "if the tag already exists"
2017-01-24T15:11:45 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:11:47 <Bosmon> I think the user will have no idea what is meant here
2017-01-24T15:12:07 <amatas> oh, sorry, I have the meeting scheduled in one hour
2017-01-24T15:12:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m not entirely sure how important that part is, it may not be necessary at all
2017-01-24T15:12:49 <Bosmon> Yes, you could just axe it
2017-01-24T15:13:04 <Bosmon> If you want to keep it, you could expand it with something like "If the npm tag specified with --tag exists"
2017-01-24T15:13:45 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:14:01 <amatas> gtirloni, colinclark are you still in the vidyo room?
2017-01-24T15:14:11 <colinclark> apparently we could the time wrong, amatas
2017-01-24T15:14:18 <colinclark> yes, it\'s in one hour according to Sandra
2017-01-24T15:14:19 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:14:27 <amatas> ok
2017-01-24T15:15:04 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:16:52 * _javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T15:18:33 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:18:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i was reading through the documentation again https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/publish and https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/dist-tag. I think adding a duplicate tag will just move it, which is basically what happens with dev and latest right now
2017-01-24T15:18:58 <Justin_o> so i think we are okay to just axe that part
2017-01-24T15:19:01 <Bosmon> Yup, ok
2017-01-24T15:19:18 <Bosmon> That just leaves the wording on permissible tags
2017-01-24T15:19:44 * javjarfer has quit
2017-01-24T15:20:15 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:21:30 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:22:37 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:22:43 <Justin_o> for that part, how about something like "If the NPM tag specified by --tag is recognizable as a valid semver version number it will be rejected by npm. This is because version numbers and tags share a common namespace for npm packages."
2017-01-24T15:22:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2017-01-24T15:23:57 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:24:07 * kavya joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:27:12 * jessm joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:31:21 <gloob> colinclark: 11am ET
2017-01-24T15:31:26 <colinclark> yes
2017-01-24T15:31:30 <colinclark> correct
2017-01-24T15:31:43 <colinclark> we were confused, half an hour ago :)
2017-01-24T15:32:04 <gloob> colinclark: I edited a typo in your awesome soundGUAUfication document
2017-01-24T15:32:08 <gloob> I hope you don\'t mind
2017-01-24T15:32:10 <colinclark> yes, thank you
2017-01-24T15:32:15 <colinclark> I don\'t mind in the least!
2017-01-24T15:32:18 <colinclark> I really appreciate it
2017-01-24T15:32:22 <gloob> (bow)
2017-01-24T15:32:38 <gloob> I was looking the pull request button but didn\'t find it
2017-01-24T15:32:45 <colinclark> ha :)
2017-01-24T15:32:48 <gloob> :D
2017-01-24T15:32:52 <colinclark> I think those examples all need to go into a Github repository
2017-01-24T15:33:02 <gloob> +1
2017-01-24T15:33:03 <colinclark> editing code in Confluences is aaaawwwwwful
2017-01-24T15:33:21 <colinclark> there\'s still a lot to write, too
2017-01-24T15:33:22 <gloob> static code places are... weird
2017-01-24T15:33:24 <colinclark> yes
2017-01-24T15:33:31 <gloob> because you know what happens
2017-01-24T15:33:36 <colinclark> I guess I can probably embed little Gist widgets or something in Confluence?
2017-01-24T15:33:39 <colinclark> has anyone done that before?
2017-01-24T15:33:46 <gloob> I think there\'s a plugin for that
2017-01-24T15:33:50 <gloob> (tm)
2017-01-24T15:34:12 <gloob> https://marketplace.atlassian.com/plugins/me.davidsimpson.confluence.addon.gister/cloud/overview
2017-01-24T15:36:01 * gtirloni has quit
2017-01-24T15:37:31 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:40:28 <colinclark> the curse of plugins :)
2017-01-24T15:42:52 <gloob> if not, I *think* that you could relax the allowd html tags in the post-processor
2017-01-24T15:44:26 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:45:35 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that sounds great
2017-01-24T15:46:07 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:50:43 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-24T15:59:01 * simonjb has quit
2017-01-24T16:12:45 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-24T16:33:17 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-24T16:43:30 <stegru> Bosmon: ?
2017-01-24T16:46:19 <Bosmon> Hey there stegru
2017-01-24T16:46:26 <stegru> hello!
2017-01-24T16:46:47 <stegru> will there be a hst branch for universal?
2017-01-24T16:47:52 <stegru> i mean.. i have code that\'s suitable for universal, but it\'s for the HST (the instance checking)
2017-01-24T16:48:51 <Bosmon> I think that part of it can go into universal
2017-01-24T16:48:55 <Bosmon> The part that does the checking
2017-01-24T16:48:58 <stegru> if it\'s not in universal, then the electron app will need to access gpii.windows
2017-01-24T16:49:00 <Bosmon> I think we decided we would split it into two
2017-01-24T16:49:14 <Bosmon> But yes, the electron app does access gpii.windows
2017-01-24T16:49:34 <Bosmon> The part that operates the logic for detecting if there is a running or crashed process should go into universal
2017-01-24T16:49:47 <Bosmon> And then the part that actually invokes it and takes action on it should go into the electron app
2017-01-24T16:50:26 <stegru> yes, that\'s what i thought - just wondering if there\'s a universal branch
2017-01-24T16:50:40 <Bosmon> ah no, I think we\'ll just put that into universal trunk
2017-01-24T16:51:08 <Bosmon> Anything that we consider reviewable quality and has no specific dependencies on HST itself should just get merged
2017-01-24T16:51:28 <Bosmon> The logging stuff I thought we should just chat about since it may or may not be something that we want running on every startup ....
2017-01-24T16:51:31 <Bosmon> I dunno
2017-01-24T16:51:34 <Bosmon> We can air this tomorrow
2017-01-24T16:51:42 <stegru> yeh that\'s what i thought too
2017-01-24T16:52:02 <stegru> also, separate (but similar) issue.. would you cry if you saw "gpii.windows && gpii.windows.hello()" in universal?
2017-01-24T16:54:03 <stegru> oh wait, forget i asked that.. it was to present a message to the user if port 8081 was in use, but i can do that in the electon app
2017-01-24T16:56:18 <Bosmon> stegru - yes, I would cry
2017-01-24T16:56:25 <Bosmon> But didn\'t you say you were going to use the process.pid route?
2017-01-24T16:56:48 <colinclark> Bosmon: I think this is a different case\xe2\x80\x94where 8081 is already bound on the user\'s computer
2017-01-24T16:56:58 <colinclark> by something other than us
2017-01-24T16:57:00 <stegru> yes i am, the instance checking this is cross platform (infact, i\'ve been developing/testing it on linux first)
2017-01-24T16:57:21 <stegru> yes, different work items
2017-01-24T16:58:16 <Bosmon> OH yes sorry, the port 8081 thing
2017-01-24T16:58:23 <colinclark> Speaking of port numbers, though, I have a question for you, Bosmon if you have a sec
2017-01-24T16:58:40 <Bosmon> Ok, well whilst they are different issues they are sort of isomorphic
2017-01-24T16:58:41 * stegru releases Bosmon
2017-01-24T16:58:50 <colinclark> How does one specify a different port number to bind to for, say, the Cloud-Based Flow Manager...
2017-01-24T16:58:51 <Bosmon> Since they both consist of a "detection" and "action" tasks
'

