b"2017-06-01T18:09:29 <kavya> Yes, can you tell me which AT's you want to setup?
2017-06-01T18:09:53 <simonjb> kavya: whichever one's you have tested :)
2017-06-01T18:10:15 <simonjb> I'm going to configure a machine with the HST installer from get.gpii.net
2017-06-01T18:10:37 <kavya> :)
2017-06-01T18:10:41 <simonjb> and I'd like to set up ATs that we have tested
2017-06-01T18:11:04 <simonjb> kavya: do you have any test script maybe with installation instructions that I could use?
2017-06-01T18:11:56 <kavya> ok so for HST i used personas Sammy-magnifier with inverted colors, Alice - keyboard, Elod - magnifier, Elmer- screen resolution
2017-06-01T18:12:29 <kavya> all above AT is built-in windows so we dont' need anything to set up with AT
2017-06-01T18:12:54 <simonjb> ah, ok
2017-06-01T18:13:04 <kavya> after GPII installation from get.gpii.net we can right away use above personas
2017-06-01T18:13:11 <simonjb> do you test with any ATs?
2017-06-01T18:14:17 <kavya> yes, I have instructions for installation and also what to expect when keying in with these personas - looking for doc
2017-06-01T18:14:37 <simonjb> thanks very much kavya
2017-06-01T18:14:44 <kavya> what ATs?
2017-06-01T18:16:25 <simonjb> kavya: which ones have you tested with and have instructions for?
2017-06-01T18:16:42 <kavya> ok
2017-06-01T18:20:04 <simonjb> kavya: sorry, I think I maybe wasn't clear -- do you have experience with using external, non-built-in ATs, with GPII, such as NVDA?
2017-06-01T18:20:38 <simonjb> I'm trying to figure out the best way to set up a machine to demo GPII
2017-06-01T18:20:53 <simonjb> to provide the best demo experience
2017-06-01T18:21:08 <simonjb> and would like to work with ATs that we have tried and know will work
2017-06-01T18:21:27 <simonjb> we can definitely use the Windows built-in functionality
2017-06-01T18:21:45 <simonjb> but I was wondering if there are additional ATs that I could install also
2017-06-01T18:21:51 <simonjb> for the best demo
2017-06-01T18:26:04 <kavya> ok..in that case. additional AT used and tested personas we have is only Livia - NVDA
2017-06-01T18:27:14 <simonjb> great, thanks kavya
2017-06-01T18:27:54 <kavya> Download NVDA https://www.nvaccess.org/download/
2017-06-01T18:28:16 <kavya> Just in case if you want to refer https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aXZOpZkVEOr6sF8Vq8IyDFRiXZ1zR-uEsdfGtO2D0sE/edit#heading=h.ro3x0wxm5ldp
2017-06-01T18:29:08 <simonjb> thanks kavya, this will be super helpful!
2017-06-01T18:30:40 <kavya> On page 3, screenshots of what to expect from personas is given and you can go through Testcases 1,2,5,6,7,8,9.
2017-06-01T18:31:10 <kavya> np..let me know if you need anything else
2017-06-01T18:32:40 <simonjb> kavya: thanks, will do
2017-06-01T18:35:54 * kavya has quit
2017-06-01T18:38:07 * javjarfer has quit
2017-06-01T18:46:43 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:03:16 <michelled> cindyli: do you have time tomorrow to chat security and privacy with us?
2017-06-01T19:03:21 <michelled> for the OPC deliverables
2017-06-01T19:03:33 <cindyli> sure, michelled
2017-06-01T19:03:58 <cindyli> what time and with whom, michelled?
2017-06-01T19:04:41 * clown joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:04:56 <michelled> cindyli, clown, danayo: how is 10:30 tomorrow to brainstorm privacy and security? \t
2017-06-01T19:05:11 <clown> 10:30 is good for me.
2017-06-01T19:05:36 <cindyli> works for me
2017-06-01T19:05:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:06:16 <danayo> i'm in michelled
2017-06-01T19:07:37 <michelled> great!
2017-06-01T19:08:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:08:43 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-01T19:09:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:09:26 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:13:20 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-01T19:15:33 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:17:37 * clown has quit
2017-06-01T19:20:24 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:41:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:41:48 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-06-01T19:42:35 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-06-01T19:45:24 * clown1 has quit
2017-06-01T19:45:56 * clown joined the channel
2017-06-01T20:11:21 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-01T20:25:53 * danayo has quit
2017-06-01T20:29:03 * cindyli has quit
2017-06-01T20:32:56 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-01T20:33:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-01T20:33:31 * jhung has quit
2017-06-01T20:53:23 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-01T20:55:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-01T21:03:40 * clown has quit
2017-06-01T21:09:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-06-01T21:14:21 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-06-01T21:28:35 * mrtyler has quit
2017-06-01T21:29:02 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-06-01T21:31:46 * simonjb has quit
2017-06-01T21:45:30 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-01T21:45:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-01T21:49:52 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-01T21:52:30 * michelled has quit
2017-06-01T21:54:35 * stegru has quit
2017-06-01T21:57:34 * amatas has quit
2017-06-01T22:09:36 * kathy_ has quit
2017-06-01T22:30:18 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-01T22:33:43 * Justin_o has quit
2017-06-01T22:40:39 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-06-01T22:40:53 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-06-01T22:50:55 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-06-01T23:16:11 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-01T23:46:08 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-06-01T23:50:33 * jhernandez has quit
2017-06-01T23:54:10 * Jess__ has quit
"

b"2017-06-01T00:21:05 * stegru has quit
2017-06-01T01:41:22 * jhernandez_ has quit
2017-06-01T04:06:41 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-01T04:10:30 * danayo has quit
2017-06-01T05:38:58 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-06-01T06:07:00 * Bosmon has quit
2017-06-01T06:10:44 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-06-01T06:56:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-01T06:58:03 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-01T07:20:59 * amatas joined the channel
2017-06-01T07:50:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-06-01T08:50:54 * stegru joined the channel
2017-06-01T11:39:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-01T12:20:20 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-06-01T12:23:55 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-06-01T12:27:55 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-01T12:35:32 * jhung joined the channel
2017-06-01T12:41:27 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-01T12:41:41 * amatas has quit
2017-06-01T12:45:00 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-06-01T12:47:22 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-06-01T12:48:30 * amatas joined the channel
2017-06-01T12:48:46 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-06-01T12:55:02 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-06-01T12:55:38 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-06-01T13:10:31 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-01T13:13:15 <Justin_o> kasparnet: will you have time today to talk about the settings needed fro UIO+
2017-06-01T13:13:41 * jessm joined the channel
2017-06-01T13:20:19 * clown joined the channel
2017-06-01T13:26:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-01T13:30:23 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-01T13:44:07 <Justin_o> jhung: i filed a JIRA for the sites we need to update to use the responsive UIO
2017-06-01T13:44:10 <Justin_o> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6160
2017-06-01T13:44:21 <Justin_o> could you make sure that list is complete and accurate
2017-06-01T13:44:50 <jhung> Justin_o: sure no prob.
2017-06-01T13:45:09 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-06-01T13:45:40 <jhung> Justin_o: also I'm thinking we may have to escalate the UIO WP internationalization feature. I got another request yesterday about supporting it.
2017-06-01T13:51:09 <michelled> jhung: who was requesting it?
2017-06-01T13:53:25 <jhung> michelled: vera\xe2\x80\xa6 specifically it'll be needed for the gov-related projects (Big Idea, Our Doors are Open).
2017-06-01T13:54:06 <michelled> jhung: do you have a timeline for when it needs to be done?
2017-06-01T13:55:19 <jhung> michelled: not 100%. I know that Vera is going to be working on multi languages right now and I think she has hired someone to start on translations.
2017-06-01T13:55:57 <michelled> ok - I don't think we will have anyone who can work on that until July
2017-06-01T13:56:09 <michelled> but let me know if you hear something that seems more urgent jhung
2017-06-01T14:05:31 <jhung> michelled: will do.
2017-06-01T14:06:29 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-06-01T14:06:31 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-01T14:07:14 <Justin_o> jhung, Caren_: are we meeting to talk about PhET?
2017-06-01T14:07:46 <Caren_> Yes, I\xe2\x80\x99m good\xe2\x80\xa6just fired up Vidyo
2017-06-01T14:08:38 <Caren_> jhung, did you have time?
2017-06-01T14:08:42 <jhung> yes Caren_
2017-06-01T14:08:52 <Caren_> awesome
2017-06-01T14:08:53 <Justin_o> Caren_, jhung: which room?
2017-06-01T14:09:01 <Caren_> meet in my room?
2017-06-01T14:09:32 <Justin_o> okay, coming
2017-06-01T14:29:12 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-06-01T14:29:14 * jhernandez is now known as jhernandez_
2017-06-01T14:39:34 * danayo joined the channel
2017-06-01T14:48:01 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-06-01T14:48:12 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-06-01T14:53:10 * michelled has quit
2017-06-01T14:56:19 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-06-01T15:14:49 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-06-01T15:34:20 * Caren_ has quit
2017-06-01T15:40:32 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-01T15:40:40 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-06-01T15:44:24 <jhung> sorry cindyli, I cut you off. :P
2017-06-01T15:44:39 <cindyli> nah, writing it into the channel
2017-06-01T15:45:12 <cindyli> fluid-everyone: my standup update - 1. reviewing tony's universal pull request; 2. continuing with adding a new oauth2 grant support into the auth server
2017-06-01T15:45:34 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-06-01T15:46:21 * gtirloni has quit
2017-06-01T16:00:11 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-06-01T16:01:38 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-01T16:06:55 <michelled> jhernandez_, gloob: how late are you working today? It would be really great to meet when Colin is available this afternoon (Eastern) to talk about what he wants to demo next week and which is the best version of GPII to install
2017-06-01T16:13:17 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-06-01T16:15:19 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-06-01T16:17:44 <jhernandez_> michelled: I'll be around for an hour
2017-06-01T16:18:27 <jhernandez_> but I'll be at home, so if it's not too late, I can make it
2017-06-01T16:19:00 <jhernandez_> I guess it won't take us much time
2017-06-01T16:19:17 * jhernandez_ is now known as jhernandez
2017-06-01T16:19:52 <michelled> maybe you can actually just outline what we need here? I hadn't known about the demo-mainstream
2017-06-01T16:20:12 <michelled> can you tell me how it differs from the hst app branch?
2017-06-01T16:24:11 <jhernandez> those demos include what Gregg has asked for the last time, in essence it's the same basecode but they add support for new features, such as windows simplification or the windows 10 to 7 morpher
2017-06-01T16:25:08 <michelled> is there any reason we don't want that support in the hst app branch?
2017-06-01T16:25:16 <jhernandez> it's basically, adding a couple of new solutions in universal and performing extra steps in the provisioning side
2017-06-01T16:26:46 <jhernandez> because they aren't ready for inclusion in master yet, it's not only the solution registry thing and provisioning, these demos include additional stuff, but @gloob can provide more details
2017-06-01T16:30:46 <michelled> I suspect this is what Gregg will want Colin to demo next week - does that seem correct to you? Is that why he asked for it?
2017-06-01T16:33:08 <michelled> gloob: ^
2017-06-01T16:48:27 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-06-01T16:51:36 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-01T16:51:58 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-06-01T16:55:23 <gloob> michelled: probably
2017-06-01T16:55:31 <gloob> michelled: I cannot meet today, I have an appointment
2017-06-01T16:55:40 <gloob> michelled: tomorrow is an option
2017-06-01T16:55:42 <michelled> gloob: no worries
2017-06-01T16:55:56 <michelled> gloob: do you know whether that branch is well tested?
2017-06-01T16:56:02 <michelled> the demo mainstreambranch?
2017-06-01T16:56:09 <gloob> michelled: well, both of them are ok
2017-06-01T16:56:15 <gloob> michelled: I will prepare hst-2015
2017-06-01T16:56:33 <gloob> and if we have time maybe we can prepare in parallel the demo-mainstream
2017-06-01T16:56:34 <michelled> prepare it how?
2017-06-01T16:56:41 <gloob> I would*
2017-06-01T16:56:47 <michelled> ah, I see
2017-06-01T16:56:51 <gloob> make a difference
2017-06-01T16:56:52 <gloob> haha
2017-06-01T16:56:55 <michelled> haha
2017-06-01T16:57:35 <michelled> gloob: does kavya test the demo mainstream?
2017-06-01T16:57:40 <gloob> yes
2017-06-01T16:58:18 <gloob> although it is not super stable
2017-06-01T16:59:10 <gloob> there's a know problem with simi but the rest works great
2017-06-01T17:02:33 <michelled> ah - ok, not super stable probably means will crash at precisely the moment Colin is in front of the stakeholders ;) you know how demos go :)
2017-06-01T17:02:37 <michelled> we'll still with the hst
2017-06-01T17:02:42 <michelled> thanks for your help!
2017-06-01T17:05:03 <simonjb> jhernandez, gloob: when Kayva does her HST testing does she use the installer from https://get.gpii.net/ ?
2017-06-01T17:06:11 * Caren_ has quit
2017-06-01T17:06:33 <simonjb> and is that up to date with https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/tree/hst-2017 ?
2017-06-01T17:06:43 <simonjb> amatas: ^
2017-06-01T17:13:04 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-06-01T17:14:35 <michelled> kasparnet: do you know? ^
2017-06-01T17:14:48 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-06-01T17:15:38 <jhernandez> simonjb: get.gpii.net and hst-2017 have a minor difference - this pull request https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/12
2017-06-01T17:17:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-01T17:20:27 * kavya joined the channel
2017-06-01T17:21:17 <michelled> hi kavya!
2017-06-01T17:21:32 <kavya> Hi Michelle
2017-06-01T17:21:36 <michelled> we were just wondering if the current installer at get.gpii.net has been throughly tested by you
2017-06-01T17:22:27 <kavya> Yes,Its tested
2017-06-01T17:22:30 <michelled> for context, we are setting up a machine to demo at next week's stakeholders meeting
2017-06-01T17:23:21 <michelled> out of curiosity, have you also tested the hst-2017 app branch after May 3rd?
2017-06-01T17:23:47 <kavya> ok..Can you give me demo script?
2017-06-01T17:24:13 * kathy_ joined the channel
2017-06-01T17:24:22 <michelled> Oh, I was asking if you have tested it - I guess that means no?
2017-06-01T17:24:52 <michelled> I don't think we have a demo script - I can check in with Colin this afternoon to find out
2017-06-01T17:25:51 <kavya> ok so the installer we have at get.gpii.net is thoroughly tested - with HST scope
2017-06-01T17:26:27 <michelled> ok, that's great.
2017-06-01T17:26:30 <kavya> ok..I am asking demo script..just to make sure the personas you use for demo have been tested or not
2017-06-01T17:26:34 <michelled> I think that's the one we should use
2017-06-01T17:26:48 <kavya> yes
2017-06-01T17:27:14 <michelled> kavya, do you suggest particular personas? this is to show off the GPII to people who are not very technical
2017-06-01T17:27:36 <kavya> For HST..we used Sammy,Elod,Elmer and Alice
2017-06-01T17:27:55 <kavya> I suggest you to use same personas
2017-06-01T17:28:10 <michelled> great, thanks! if we decide to use someone else, I'll let you know, but we'll be sure to test as well as we can
2017-06-01T17:28:53 <kavya> That's nice..let me know if you need anything else
2017-06-01T17:29:05 <michelled> thanks Kavya!
2017-06-01T17:29:19 <kavya> yw :)
2017-06-01T17:44:24 * clown has quit
2017-06-01T17:57:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-06-01T18:06:55 * cindyli has quit
2017-06-01T18:07:45 * mrtyler has quit
2017-06-01T18:08:07 <simonjb> hi kavya, I was wondering if you might be able to help me with setup of assistive technologies for demoing next week?
2017-06-01T18:08:26 <kavya> hi Simon
"

