b"2017-03-27T20:28:49 <clown> michelled, is it required that the documents all live in the fluid wiki?  Or are google docs okay?
2017-03-27T20:29:47 <michelled> I suppose it's not required - is it a lot of work to format the standard?
2017-03-27T20:30:10 <clown> oh yeah.  confluence editor is nut up to it.
2017-03-27T20:31:40 <michelled> as long as it's a stable link that should be fine
2017-03-27T20:34:00 <clown> it's a google doc.  I think that's stable.
2017-03-27T20:36:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-27T20:59:25 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-03-27T21:03:27 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-03-27T21:57:55 * amatas has quit
2017-03-27T22:00:07 * stegru has quit
2017-03-27T22:43:37 * javjarfer_ has quit
2017-03-27T23:00:31 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-03-27T23:26:12 * michelled joined the channel
"

b'2017-03-27T00:06:20 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-03-27T00:07:00 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-03-27T00:08:12 * stegru has quit
2017-03-27T00:11:13 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-03-27T00:14:09 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-27T00:38:22 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-03-27T03:18:51 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-27T04:11:05 * danayo has quit
2017-03-27T06:52:38 * noveens joined the channel
2017-03-27T06:57:59 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-27T07:59:44 * javjarfer_ joined the channel
2017-03-27T08:07:47 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-27T08:08:08 * stegru joined the channel
2017-03-27T09:03:43 * amatas joined the channel
2017-03-27T10:02:09 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-27T10:20:12 * noveens joined the channel
2017-03-27T11:58:31 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-03-27T12:04:03 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-03-27T12:23:08 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-27T12:23:09 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-03-27T12:32:44 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-03-27T12:50:52 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-27T13:01:25 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-03-27T13:07:20 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-03-27T13:08:03 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-27T13:10:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-27T13:33:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-27T14:00:40 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-27T14:03:51 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-03-27T14:05:21 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-27T14:08:45 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-27T14:15:41 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-27T14:31:11 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-03-27T14:32:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: I\'ve made changes and left comments related to your code review for https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/811
2017-03-27T14:32:18 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2017-03-27T14:37:30 <alanharnum> "Dishwasher has directory traversal bug": https://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/03/26/miele_joins_internetofst_hall_of_shame/?mt=1490573864407
2017-03-27T14:37:48 <alanharnum> even as a technologist, seeing headlines like that in 2017 feel vaguely otherwordly to me
2017-03-27T14:39:55 <alanharnum> ah, and doing a bit more research, the headline is somewhat misleading about the seriousness of this - this is a medical-grade washer-disinfector, as might be used in a lab or hospital
2017-03-27T14:40:01 <Justin_o> why does a dishwasher need to be connected to the internet?
2017-03-27T14:40:12 <Justin_o> ah
2017-03-27T14:40:40 <alanharnum> I think "Why Does <x> Need to Be Connected to the Internet" is a pretty good first question for any of the consumer items sold under IoT :p
2017-03-27T14:40:48 <Justin_o> :)
2017-03-27T14:42:57 * noveens joined the channel
2017-03-27T14:43:59 <gtirloni> 99% of all IoT/embedded vendors don\'t have an upgrade policy.. they think it\'s essentially none of their business once the thing is sold (maybe they\'ll have a 1 year upgrade policy but it\'s not taken seriously -- i.e. security issues are ignored, never patched timely).
2017-03-27T14:44:20 <gtirloni> prices probably will increase if they start doing their job, but i guess that\'s unavoidable
2017-03-27T14:45:06 <gtirloni> since this is an industrial dishwasher, it\'s likely it\'ll be on the news in 2038 when int32 overflows timestamps everywhere too :)
2017-03-27T15:00:13 <Justin_o> is 2038 the new Y2K?
2017-03-27T15:02:17 <alanharnum> Justin_o: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Year_2038_problem
2017-03-27T15:09:37 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks, so time will cease to exist after Jan 19, 2038
2017-03-27T15:09:46 <Justin_o> or rather we\'ll be transported back in time
2017-03-27T15:09:50 <Justin_o> at least for some things
2017-03-27T15:09:57 <alanharnum> Justin_o: I think more precisely time will fold back to the UNIX epoch :)
2017-03-27T15:10:24 <alanharnum> though it\'s going to hit sooner than 2038 for anything that uses int32 to store a future date
2017-03-27T15:11:54 <Justin_o> troubling
2017-03-27T15:12:23 <Justin_o> so when should i start stocking up on bottled water?
2017-03-27T15:12:26 <colinclark> alanharnum: Have you already requested an account at staging.developerspace.gpii.net?
2017-03-27T15:12:45 <alanharnum> colinclark: I requested one for myself so I could actually look at the content
2017-03-27T15:12:52 <colinclark> ok great
2017-03-27T15:13:01 <alanharnum> but I\'ll need one that can edit the Fluid_Project content, etc
2017-03-27T15:13:02 <colinclark> can you privately message me with the account name?
2017-03-27T15:13:21 <colinclark> I can arrange for you to be able to edit that stuff, I think
2017-03-27T15:13:28 <alanharnum> OK
2017-03-27T15:13:30 <colinclark> though Ignacio says "Permissions are kind of a mess right now"
2017-03-27T15:22:26 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-27T15:31:46 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-03-27T15:46:48 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-27T15:47:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-27T15:54:45 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-27T16:01:02 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-27T16:02:26 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-03-27T16:03:46 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-03-27T16:04:13 <Justin_o> jhung: for FLUID-5536 i\'m adding the stepper control, which is related to the textfield slider. I have created a new demo that has both of these on it. Currently there isn\'t any documentation for either of these components. If i was to add documentation where should the link in the overview panel point to?
2017-03-27T16:05:33 <Justin_o> I guess i could make a landing page in the API docs and point to this
2017-03-27T16:05:39 <Justin_o> thoughts?
2017-03-27T16:05:54 <jhung> Justin_o: should there be documentation for the stepper?
2017-03-27T16:06:24 <Justin_o> I think it would be helpful, but why do you ask?
2017-03-27T16:06:35 <Justin_o> they are separate components now that also live outside of the preferences framework
2017-03-27T16:07:10 <Justin_o> well, i guess the slider was before as well
2017-03-27T16:07:21 <jhung> Justin_o: i\'m just trying to understand your question. You have a demo about the stepper. Then the links for its overview panel should go there, no?
2017-03-27T16:07:56 <Justin_o> jhung: the demo has both a textfield slider and a textfield stepper, currently the overview panel can only link to a single docs page
2017-03-27T16:09:20 <jhung> Ah ok I get it now Justin_o. From the stepper docs can you get to the slider docs and vice-versa?
2017-03-27T16:09:23 <jhung> ^ Justin_o?
2017-03-27T16:10:41 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-03-27T16:10:52 <jhung> I think we can add a bit of text at the top of the stepper and slider docs to direct people to either component. Then just link to one of those from the overview panel. What do you think Justin_o?
2017-03-27T16:12:08 <Justin_o> jhung: hmm.. maybe that would work
2017-03-27T16:13:47 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-03-27T16:13:52 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m afraid if you drop someone down in the API page, it may not be very clear where they are and where they need to go.
2017-03-27T16:14:45 <Justin_o> jhung: not sure i\'m following
2017-03-27T16:16:25 <jhung> Justin_o: What I\'m saying is that if you link to the API landing page from the stepper / slider demo, it\'s confusing. Linking to the stepper or slider doc instead is clearer, especially if you provide a link to the other component.
2017-03-27T16:17:06 <Justin_o> jhung: i meant a landing page for textfield controls so a landing page just for the two of them
2017-03-27T16:18:52 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-03-27T16:42:48 <alanharnum> digital government news: founder and former deputy executive director of the US-based 18F is the new Ontario Chief Digital Officer: https://news.ontario.ca/maesd/en/2017/03/ontario-names-first-chief-digital-officer.html
2017-03-27T16:59:40 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-27T17:03:29 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-03-27T17:04:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-27T17:11:12 * kathy_ joined the channel
2017-03-27T17:15:08 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-27T17:25:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-27T17:33:23 <Bosmon> Hey there simonjb - would you have time a bit later to talk NECKSUS updates?
2017-03-27T17:34:16 <simonjb> yes definitely Bosmon
2017-03-27T17:34:24 <simonjb> when would be good for you?
2017-03-27T17:34:49 <Bosmon> Well, I could do sort of now? : P
2017-03-27T17:34:53 <Bosmon> DOes that work?
2017-03-27T17:36:54 <simonjb> Bosmon: yes, I could do now also
2017-03-27T17:37:04 <Bosmon> Awesome
2017-03-27T17:37:29 <simonjb> Bosmon: shall we do vidyo?
2017-03-27T17:37:51 <Bosmon> yup
2017-03-27T17:38:13 <simonjb> I just unlocked my room
2017-03-27T17:38:17 <simonjb> see you there
2017-03-27T17:40:47 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-03-27T17:47:23 <Bosmon> Sorry simonjb, it seems I clicked on something
2017-03-27T17:52:22 * javjarfer has quit
2017-03-27T18:00:33 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-03-27T18:25:44 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-27T18:26:05 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-03-27T18:36:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-03-27T18:38:46 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-03-27T18:51:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-27T18:51:46 * grass joined the channel
2017-03-27T19:22:32 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-27T19:23:04 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-03-27T19:25:19 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-03-27T19:31:30 <colinclark> simonjb, alanharnum: Looks like I could do 3 pm tomorrow to talk about our demos if you\'d prefer
2017-03-27T19:31:35 <colinclark> 3 or 4 pm EDT are both free
2017-03-27T19:31:43 <alanharnum> colinclark simonjb 3PM is good for me
2017-03-27T19:31:59 <simonjb> 3pm is good for me also
2017-03-27T19:32:19 <colinclark> ok great
2017-03-27T19:33:39 <colinclark> alanharnum: your post earlier about Hillary Hartley becoming the provincial CDO is pretty interesting
2017-03-27T19:34:14 <alanharnum> colinclark: yeah, what Ontario is doing with digital government is very interesting right now
2017-03-27T19:34:20 <colinclark> As much as it is an indicator of change in Ontario, I think it must signal a change to come for 18F
2017-03-27T19:34:26 <alanharnum> yup, i\'d agree
2017-03-27T19:34:55 <colinclark> Who knows, but I can imagine Trump\'s administration may well see 18F as a barrier to for-profit companies of the sorts we\'re familiar with
2017-03-27T19:35:05 <colinclark> but who knows?
2017-03-27T19:35:36 <alanharnum> 18F is strongly associated with the Obama admin + the healthcare.gov rescue, so I think they must see writing on the wall
2017-03-27T19:35:52 <alanharnum> colinclark: http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/26/politics/kushner-american-innovation-white-house/
2017-03-27T19:36:42 * avtar1 joined the channel
2017-03-27T19:37:29 <colinclark> wow
2017-03-27T19:38:07 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-03-27T19:43:01 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-03-27T19:55:34 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-03-27T19:59:04 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-27T20:08:40 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-03-27T20:10:03 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-03-27T20:14:42 <michelled> clown: danayo added a deliverables section to this page: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28Floe%29+Privacy+Needs+and+Preferences
2017-03-27T20:14:53 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-03-27T20:14:55 <michelled> when you get a chance, can you link your documents there?
2017-03-27T20:16:03 <clown> michelled:  Sure.  On it.
2017-03-27T20:24:20 <michelled> danayo, clown: I\'m going to head out soonish and then work again later. Unless you tell me otherwise (an email would be fine) I will send Jutta the deliverables this evening
2017-03-27T20:25:37 <danayo> ok michelled
2017-03-27T20:26:20 <clown> fine with me, michelled.  I\'ll finish  by 5pm by hook of by crook.
'

