b'2017-04-24T16:27:12 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-24T16:36:06 * michelled joined the channel
2017-04-24T16:50:29 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-04-24T16:50:48 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-04-24T16:58:18 * clown joined the channel
2017-04-24T17:23:38 <simonjb> colinclark: you wanted me to put together slides for both Nexus and QI, right?
2017-04-24T17:23:50 <colinclark> ideally, yes
2017-04-24T17:24:02 <simonjb> colinclark: cool
2017-04-24T17:24:07 <colinclark> presumably you\'ll need to lean on avtar for the latter, but I figured he\'s probably still busy with his video and could use a hand
2017-04-24T17:27:03 <avtar> colinclark: when are the slides due?
2017-04-24T17:27:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T17:28:56 <colinclark> EoD today
2017-04-24T17:28:58 <colinclark> ideally
2017-04-24T17:29:14 <simonjb> colinclark: do we have a power point template?
2017-04-24T17:29:23 <michelled> simonjb: we aren\'t sure
2017-04-24T17:29:33 <michelled> I\'ve sent a message to Gianna who I think is most likely to know
2017-04-24T17:29:45 * stegru_ joined the channel
2017-04-24T17:30:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T17:30:21 <simonjb> colinclark, michelled: I will initially work in Google Docs so we had work collaboratively -- cool?
2017-04-24T17:30:34 <michelled> sounds good
2017-04-24T17:30:38 <simonjb> can then transfer to powerpoint if we have a template
2017-04-24T17:33:24 <simonjb> colinclark, michelled, avtar: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MaJrjYLL0EQzuIMtx9Q1jGQpqWIn_0buMJcWd0MWbD8/edit?usp=sharing
2017-04-24T17:35:54 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-24T17:36:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T17:40:01 <michelled> colinclark: do you want the same structure for the Floe deck?
2017-04-24T17:40:07 <colinclark> I think so, yes
2017-04-24T17:40:29 <colinclark> part of my idea for the structure is to make it relatively easy for Till and Gianna to rearrange the slides if necessary
2017-04-24T17:40:47 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-24T17:40:56 * michelled has quit
2017-04-24T17:47:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T17:49:18 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-24T17:49:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T17:54:05 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-24T17:57:13 * michelled joined the channel
2017-04-24T18:02:42 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-24T18:04:10 * stegru_ has quit
2017-04-24T18:05:51 * gabrielm_ joined the channel
2017-04-24T18:08:35 * gabrielm_ has quit
2017-04-24T18:08:59 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T18:10:21 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T18:23:17 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-24T18:26:25 <simonjb> colinclark: for the slides, when we say more "formal" is my Nexus Co-Occurrence section on slide 5 along the right lines?
2017-04-24T18:26:57 <simonjb> how much detail do we want? do we have space for pictures?
2017-04-24T18:27:00 <colinclark> lemme have a look
2017-04-24T18:27:03 <colinclark> yes, pictures are good
2017-04-24T18:27:19 <colinclark> I think our slides have to cover the possibility that our videos don\'t get shown
2017-04-24T18:27:21 <colinclark> just in case :)
2017-04-24T18:29:46 <simonjb> I will make some pictures for matching stages
2017-04-24T18:30:22 <colinclark> simonjb: this is very good, yes
2017-04-24T18:30:44 <simonjb> colinclark: okay, awesome, thanks
2017-04-24T18:30:52 <colinclark> I think we may want a "This means that..." summary
2017-04-24T18:30:58 <colinclark> there\'s something in all of this that is very powerful
2017-04-24T18:31:05 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-04-24T18:31:05 * javjarfer has quit
2017-04-24T18:31:09 <simonjb> yes, good idea
2017-04-24T18:31:10 <colinclark> related to how developers don\'t have to write software expecting particular input or output devices to be present
2017-04-24T18:31:23 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-04-24T18:32:21 <colinclark> this is going to be great, simonjb
2017-04-24T18:34:17 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review this PR to update Infusion on the FLOE Project site https://github.com/fluid-project/floeproject.org/pull/54
2017-04-24T18:34:47 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2017-04-24T18:34:53 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2017-04-24T18:52:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T18:53:56 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-04-24T18:57:08 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-24T18:58:25 <Justin_o> cindyli: i replied to your comment on the PR
2017-04-24T18:58:36 <cindyli> ok
2017-04-24T19:23:45 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks for merging, will the site automatically redeploy?
2017-04-24T19:25:11 <cindyli> Justin_o: that\'s what i expect. avtar: does floeproject.org gets redeployed automatically if a pull request gets merged into the master?
2017-04-24T19:25:20 <cindyli> http://github.com/fluid-project/floeproject.org
2017-04-24T19:26:30 <Justin_o> cindyli: i just looked at the live site, and i think it\'s good
2017-04-24T19:26:44 <cindyli> nice
2017-04-24T19:26:50 <Justin_o> michelled: could you please check the floeproject.org to   make sure the issue has been addressed
2017-04-24T19:27:45 <michelled> looks good to me Justin_o
2017-04-24T19:30:10 <Justin_o> michelled: great thanks :)
2017-04-24T19:32:04 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-04-24T19:50:15 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T19:54:20 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T19:55:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T20:04:13 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T20:04:39 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T20:18:23 * avtar has quit
2017-04-24T20:20:16 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T20:24:46 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T20:27:48 * jhernandez has quit
2017-04-24T20:29:28 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T20:29:33 * cindyli has quit
2017-04-24T20:36:08 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-04-24T20:40:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T21:13:39 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T21:18:02 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T21:52:14 * amatas has quit
2017-04-24T21:56:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T22:19:41 * avtar joined the channel
2017-04-24T22:26:19 * Bosmon7 has quit
2017-04-24T22:55:31 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T23:01:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T23:11:52 * stegru has quit
2017-04-24T23:18:41 * Caren has quit
2017-04-24T23:37:05 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-04-24T23:51:54 * gabrielmancini has quit
'

b'2017-04-24T00:12:56 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T00:17:28 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T00:25:20 * danayo joined the channel
2017-04-24T02:01:23 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T02:06:00 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T03:49:35 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T03:54:06 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T05:37:43 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T05:42:26 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T06:04:44 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-04-24T07:25:56 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T07:30:58 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T08:04:55 * stegru joined the channel
2017-04-24T08:22:28 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-04-24T08:27:16 * amatas joined the channel
2017-04-24T09:14:13 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T09:18:27 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T10:16:14 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-04-24T10:42:07 * stegru_ joined the channel
2017-04-24T10:48:05 * stegru has quit
2017-04-24T11:02:33 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T11:02:41 * amatas has quit
2017-04-24T11:07:25 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T11:20:11 * amatas joined the channel
2017-04-24T11:29:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-04-24T11:32:53 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-04-24T11:42:22 * stegru_ has quit
2017-04-24T12:18:13 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-04-24T12:18:34 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T12:20:15 * Justin_o_ joined the channel
2017-04-24T12:23:12 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T12:27:10 * sgithens has quit
2017-04-24T12:31:55 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T12:37:44 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-04-24T13:07:52 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-04-24T13:09:02 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-04-24T13:09:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T13:11:41 <alanharnum> if anyone needs me, I\'m in the IDRC office, but gonna go do a screencast recording in the collaboration room
2017-04-24T13:11:44 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-24T13:14:55 * jhung joined the channel
2017-04-24T13:23:50 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T13:40:38 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-04-24T13:41:34 <Justin_o> cindyli: can this be closed, or is there still more work to do for it? https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-502
2017-04-24T13:42:22 <cindyli> Justin_o: it can be closed. i will update. thanks for spotting that.
2017-04-24T13:42:31 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2017-04-24T13:48:14 * stegru joined the channel
2017-04-24T13:49:07 <Justin_o> cindyli: i think this is the JIRA you were mentioning to me this morning https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-507
2017-04-24T13:49:26 <cindyli> yes
2017-04-24T13:49:29 <Justin_o> I\'m planning to move the issue to FLUID instead of FLOE
2017-04-24T13:49:39 <Justin_o> any reason not to do that?
2017-04-24T13:49:43 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2017-04-24T13:50:05 <cindyli> Justin_o: makes sense to move to FLUID. it\'s rather an UIO issue
2017-04-24T13:51:06 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-24T13:51:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, i\'m going to do that now, and then i\'ll take a look at the issue
2017-04-24T13:52:00 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2017-04-24T13:53:18 * michelled joined the channel
2017-04-24T13:59:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: were you able to reproduce the scroll bar issue?
2017-04-24T13:59:54 <Justin_o> i can\'t seem to see it
2017-04-24T14:03:37 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-04-24T14:07:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T14:10:15 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-24T14:15:31 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2017-04-24T14:18:16 <cindyli> Justin_o: yes, if the mac setting "always show scroll bars" is turned on
2017-04-24T14:18:32 <cindyli> did you turn it on?
2017-04-24T14:18:57 <cindyli> it\'s on "system preferences" -> "general" -> the section "show scroll bars"
2017-04-24T14:22:19 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks, michelle showed me the issue.. it seems it only happens in the desktop view
2017-04-24T14:22:25 <Justin_o> and i was looking in the mobile view
2017-04-24T14:22:30 <cindyli> ok, i see
2017-04-24T14:28:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-04-24T14:30:27 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-04-24T14:34:53 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T14:46:26 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T14:46:58 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T14:51:24 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T14:52:22 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T14:52:22 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T14:58:12 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/827
2017-04-24T14:58:23 <Justin_o> it addresses the scroll bars in the UIO panels
2017-04-24T14:58:37 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2017-04-24T14:59:04 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T15:02:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2017-04-24T15:02:09 <cindyli> np
2017-04-24T15:02:16 <Justin_o> avtar, gtirloni: this might be helpful for the CI work https://www.browserstack.com/test-on-microsoft-edge-browser#live-cloud
2017-04-24T15:05:21 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T15:15:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-04-24T15:16:59 <Justin_o> cindyli: i have another change i want to make to that PR
2017-04-24T15:17:07 <Justin_o> to remove some more scroll bars from IE
2017-04-24T15:17:24 <colinclark> simonjb, alanharnum: So the Nexus science lab video is progressing pretty well
2017-04-24T15:17:37 <simonjb> awesome colinclark
2017-04-24T15:17:41 <colinclark> I\'ve edited a large portion of the afternoon segments, and things look and sound decent
2017-04-24T15:17:43 <alanharnum> colinclark: yay!
2017-04-24T15:17:47 <colinclark> the audio could have been better, but it\'s not the end of the world
2017-04-24T15:17:49 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o. let me when you are done. also adding a comment
2017-04-24T15:17:51 <colinclark> and everything synched properly
2017-04-24T15:17:59 <simonjb> colinclark: can we help with anything?
2017-04-24T15:18:08 <colinclark> I still don\'t fully have the narrative arc clear in my head
2017-04-24T15:18:09 <colinclark> so here\'s what I propose:
2017-04-24T15:18:14 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, i\'ll take a look at that too
2017-04-24T15:18:19 <colinclark> 1. I\'ll keep editing, and if we need a voiceover, I\'ll record it myself
2017-04-24T15:18:32 <colinclark> 2. alanharnum, you keep going with your ILDH video
2017-04-24T15:18:44 <alanharnum> colinclark: I\'m uploading a rough of that to YouTube now for you to look at.
2017-04-24T15:18:48 <colinclark> amazing!
2017-04-24T15:18:57 <colinclark> 3. simonjb, if you could help put together some slides to provide to Till for the Nexus and the QI for his SP2 presentation, that would help a lot
2017-04-24T15:19:16 <alanharnum> iMovie isn\'t exactly final cut pro, but it\'s good enough to stitch something together without having to re-record the entire thing if needed
2017-04-24T15:19:23 <colinclark> perfect
2017-04-24T15:19:29 <colinclark> I will forward you the ones I made for the face to face, but I think we\'ll want to be a little more formal, simonjb
2017-04-24T15:19:40 <colinclark> With roughly a structure of:
2017-04-24T15:19:45 <simonjb> colinclark: sounds good
2017-04-24T15:19:55 <colinclark> 1. One slide describing the deliverable
2017-04-24T15:20:04 <colinclark> 2. One slide describing its "scientific innovation"
2017-04-24T15:20:27 <colinclark> 3. A slide or two describing what\'s been done this year and why it\'s so important
2017-04-24T15:20:35 <colinclark> 4. A slide descripting next steps for year 4
2017-04-24T15:21:51 <colinclark> we should mention the Programming 2017 paper somewhere roughly in slide #2, simonjb
2017-04-24T15:22:23 <simonjb> ok colinclark
2017-04-24T15:23:14 <colinclark> thanks so much
2017-04-24T15:25:46 <Justin_o> cindyli: ready for more review
2017-04-24T15:25:57 <cindyli> ok
2017-04-24T15:26:47 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-24T15:28:22 * michelled joined the channel
2017-04-24T15:28:25 * michelled has quit
2017-04-24T15:43:24 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-04-24T15:44:30 * gtirloni is now known as Guest99421
2017-04-24T15:45:15 * gtirloni__ has quit
2017-04-24T15:53:34 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T15:57:24 * avtar joined the channel
2017-04-24T15:57:46 * gabrielmancini has quit
2017-04-24T15:58:01 * gabrielmancini joined the channel
2017-04-24T16:01:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T16:10:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-24T16:11:54 * Caren joined the channel
2017-04-24T16:13:40 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-04-24T16:18:15 <colinclark> alanharnum: Your video is amazing! So good!
2017-04-24T16:18:23 <colinclark> At around the 5 minute mark, I wonder if we should summarize the value of these ILDH pages and components to Prosperity4all? Something like: "These tutorials complement the diverse technical components and tools in the Developer Space, providing the in-depth background knowledge and design guidance required to create accessible, personalizable software more easily, quickly, and cost-effectively."
2017-04-24T16:18:46 <colinclark> Somehow I want to convey the sense that we didn\'t just do some stuff, but that the stuff you\'re showing is complementary or fills a gap that would otherwise be there in P4A
2017-04-24T16:19:16 <colinclark> I also wonder if it might make sense, during your summary in the last minute or so, if you could montage some other footage\xe2\x80\x94perhaps some clips from the PhET hackathon
2017-04-24T16:19:25 <alanharnum> colinclark: i think that\'s a good idea - many of them are also now linked in the developer space as resources
2017-04-24T16:19:25 <colinclark> any other OER sites that, for example, use UI Options
2017-04-24T16:19:28 <colinclark> and so on
2017-04-24T16:19:32 <colinclark> yes, precisely
2017-04-24T16:19:52 <colinclark> one thing Gregg wanted us to do is make sure all the resources we talk about are linked individually in the DSpace
2017-04-24T16:20:04 <colinclark> not just a big ILDH entry, but separate entries for those pages you mention in the video
2017-04-24T16:20:28 <alanharnum> colinclark: yeah michelled gave me a list - i\'ll double check they\'re all there now
2017-04-24T16:21:11 <alanharnum> so, to sum up - tighter finish, relate to P4A more, voiceover finish over the PHET hackathon or similar?
2017-04-24T16:21:34 <alanharnum> mention ILDH entries themselves are all resources in dev spae
2017-04-24T16:21:54 <colinclark> yup
2017-04-24T16:21:56 <colinclark> you\'ve go tit
2017-04-24T16:21:58 <colinclark> got it
2017-04-24T16:22:02 <colinclark> It\'s really a great video
2017-04-24T16:22:57 <alanharnum> ok, cool - will tackle that finish this afternoon
2017-04-24T16:25:54 <colinclark> thanks so much
'

