b'2017-01-11T18:31:33 <colinclark> There\'s also the issue I discovered of the keyboard-a11y plugin being included in the framework build
2017-01-11T18:32:19 <colinclark> which requires someone to include all of jquery-ui
2017-01-11T18:32:24 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, saw that one, thought i\'d group them together
2017-01-11T18:32:32 <colinclark> did i file a JIRA for that one?
2017-01-11T18:32:36 <colinclark> I can\'t even remember :)
2017-01-11T18:32:44 <colinclark> I have several other JIRAs that Bosmon asked me to file
2017-01-11T18:32:49 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, for the keyboard-a11y
2017-01-11T18:33:04 <Justin_o> there is a "reported by me" filter in JIRA
2017-01-11T18:33:40 <Justin_o> i can\'t seem to see how i can filter by specific users other than the active one
2017-01-11T18:34:21 <Justin_o> colinclark: found how to do the search https://issues.fluidproject.org/issues/?filter=-2&jql=reporter%20in%20(colin)%20ORDER%20BY%20created%20ASC%2C%20reporter%20ASC
2017-01-11T18:34:21 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-11T18:34:47 <Justin_o> but no i don\'t see that one
2017-01-11T18:34:57 <Justin_o> anyways i\'ll just file a JIRA for it now
2017-01-11T18:38:02 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-11T18:38:41 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-11T18:39:35 <avtar> mrtyler: sorry, i didn\'t see the mention earlier above
2017-01-11T18:39:39 <colinclark> thanks Justin_o
2017-01-11T18:39:44 <colinclark> this is super helpful
2017-01-11T18:39:49 <colinclark> sorry for my terrible memory
2017-01-11T18:40:13 <Justin_o> no worries :)
2017-01-11T18:40:15 <colinclark> but at least JIRA is my hypomnesic device :)
2017-01-11T18:40:35 <colinclark> externalized memory :)
2017-01-11T18:40:58 <Justin_o> colinclark: :) it is like that actually for the project
2017-01-11T18:47:40 <mrtyler> avtar: let me finish up with gio and then ping you? 10-15 minutes?
2017-01-11T18:48:02 <avtar> sounds good
2017-01-11T18:48:41 * yzen has quit
2017-01-11T18:53:52 * jhernandez has quit
2017-01-11T18:54:16 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-11T18:57:03 <Justin_o> jhung: can you remind where we file issues with the docs platform?
2017-01-11T18:57:15 <Justin_o> and websites
2017-01-11T19:06:42 <avtar> mrtyler: would it be ok if i ping you after the community meeting?
2017-01-11T19:07:11 <jhung> Justin_o: various places depending on the issue. Let me find them
2017-01-11T19:07:35 <mrtyler> avtar: absolutely. just wanted to make sure i got you today since afaik you don\'t work thurs-fri
2017-01-11T19:07:42 <mrtyler> but any time today is fine for me
2017-01-11T19:07:46 <mrtyler> sorry for delay
2017-01-11T19:07:56 <avtar> no worries
2017-01-11T19:08:39 <mrtyler> fyi i just hung up with gio so i could chat right now if that\'s better
2017-01-11T19:08:42 <mrtyler> otherwise later is totally fine
2017-01-11T19:08:45 <mrtyler> idk when that meeting is :)
2017-01-11T19:08:56 <Justin_o> jhung: i think i found the docs stuff
2017-01-11T19:09:40 <jhung> ok. which one did you find Justin_o?
2017-01-11T19:09:52 <mrtyler> the-t-in-rtf: i\'m sure it\'s like anyone with a common name and you\'ve heard about every song since the late 1800s that mentions \'Tony\' in it
2017-01-11T19:09:52 <Justin_o> jhung: in the FLUID JIRA space
2017-01-11T19:10:22 <avtar> mrtyler: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+workshops
2017-01-11T19:10:23 <mrtyler> fwiw i know exactly one song about \'Tyler\', off the Toadies underrated 90s alt-rock album _Possum Kingdom_
2017-01-11T19:11:50 <mrtyler> avtar: cool thx. i\'ll see you after
2017-01-11T19:12:11 <avtar> thanks
2017-01-11T19:12:12 <avtar> brb
2017-01-11T19:17:49 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:17:51 <Justin_o> michelled: I added JIRAs for the post 2.0 tasks to the planning page https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Floe+Iteration+Plan
2017-01-11T19:18:23 * jhernandez has quit
2017-01-11T19:18:27 <Justin_o> some of them don\'t have JIRAs yet because they seem a bit nebulous in what actually needs to happen
2017-01-11T19:22:18 <michelled> thx Justin_o! wow, lots of stuff. I guess I knew that, but seeing it all broken down is really good
2017-01-11T19:22:33 <michelled> I think we\'ll try to slot them in over the course of the next few months
2017-01-11T19:22:42 <Justin_o> michelled: sounds good ;)
2017-01-11T19:23:57 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:27:11 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:27:26 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:27:56 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:30:21 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting we\'ll be brainstorming ideas for GSoC projects.
2017-01-11T19:32:53 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:35:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:41:45 <Justin_o> wiki page for gsoc idea https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2017+with+the+Fluid+Project
2017-01-11T19:41:52 * kook_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:43:13 <Justin_o> GSoC: https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/
2017-01-11T19:43:15 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:45:15 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:56:54 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-11T19:57:00 <simonjb> https://pad.gpii.net/p/community-meeting-2017-01-11-rjj4njd
2017-01-11T20:19:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-11T20:26:02 <avtar> cindyli: https://github.com/dequelabs/axe-core
2017-01-11T20:26:07 <cindyli> thanks
2017-01-11T20:32:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T20:42:03 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-11T20:45:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-11T20:46:05 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-11T20:46:21 * kook_ has quit
2017-01-11T20:49:41 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-11T20:56:34 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-11T21:00:53 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-11T21:01:52 * kook_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T21:14:16 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-11T21:14:48 <stegru> is there a new windows vagrant box?
2017-01-11T21:15:09 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-11T21:18:19 <cindyli> amatas, avtar: ^
2017-01-11T21:18:50 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-11T21:20:14 <avtar> stegru: which version do you have installed?
2017-01-11T21:21:06 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-11T21:21:25 <stegru> avtar: inclusivedesign/windows10-eval (virtualbox, 0.4.6)
2017-01-11T21:21:33 <stegru> the one where the licence is expiring
2017-01-11T21:21:36 <avtar> ah right
2017-01-11T21:21:41 <stegru> thanks cindyli
2017-01-11T21:21:47 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-11T21:22:33 <stegru> it\'s ok, i\'ve extended the trial.. but just checking if there\'s a more up to date one
2017-01-11T21:23:02 <avtar> not at the moment
2017-01-11T21:23:06 <avtar> amatas: ^
2017-01-11T21:29:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T21:30:49 * jhung has quit
2017-01-11T21:31:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-11T21:36:13 <alanharnum> per conversation Justin_o, at minimum for GSoC it would be a good goal to update http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/to-do/DeveloperIntroductionToInfusionFramework.html for the 2.0 world.
2017-01-11T21:37:00 <alanharnum> the document linked to at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Developer+Introduction+to+Infusion+Framework is a helpful conceptual overview of some the important concepts, but is pre-1.4 and on our old wiki
2017-01-11T21:58:13 <Justin_o> alanharnum: that makes sense
2017-01-11T22:01:34 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: GSoC Brainstorming ideas on the wiki https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/GSoC+2017+Brainstorming
2017-01-11T22:35:33 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-11T22:38:06 * dins joined the channel
2017-01-11T22:38:50 <dins> HI ........ I have a small doubt about the infusion model
2017-01-11T22:39:40 <dins> are there restrictions for model key values
2017-01-11T22:40:32 <dins> for an example, if I add "length" as a model property, it\'s not working as expected
2017-01-11T22:43:02 <dins> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/DECA-354
2017-01-11T22:49:27 <alanharnum> Hi dins, I\'m about to head out, but i\'m taking a quick look at that code
2017-01-11T22:53:20 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-11T23:00:30 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T23:02:08 <alanharnum> dins: I am guessing, though not certain without further investigation, that something in or outside of Infusion is blocking the use of both "name" and "length" as keys because those are commonly used core Javascript names for object properties
2017-01-11T23:04:35 * kook_ has quit
2017-01-11T23:16:40 * kook_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T23:19:52 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-11T23:56:18 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-11T23:56:20 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-11T23:57:06 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-11T23:57:08 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-11T23:57:54 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-11T23:57:57 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-11T23:58:42 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-11T23:58:44 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-11T23:59:30 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-11T23:59:34 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
'

b'2017-01-11T00:09:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T00:36:35 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T00:38:39 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2017-01-11T00:40:05 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-01-11T00:56:40 * stegru has quit
2017-01-11T01:49:51 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-11T01:49:52 * danayo has quit
2017-01-11T02:12:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T02:18:25 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T03:15:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T03:20:27 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T03:31:54 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-11T04:16:24 * kavya has quit
2017-01-11T04:17:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T04:23:02 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T04:26:47 * mrtyler has quit
2017-01-11T04:42:40 * michelled has quit
2017-01-11T05:20:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T06:23:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T06:28:27 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T06:48:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-11T07:25:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T07:30:40 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T07:32:05 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-01-11T08:10:38 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-11T08:23:31 * amatas joined the channel
2017-01-11T08:54:22 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-11T09:29:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T09:35:11 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T10:07:14 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-11T10:33:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T10:37:51 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T11:25:10 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-01-11T11:26:50 * kook_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T11:34:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T11:39:35 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T11:51:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-11T12:10:31 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-01-11T12:20:35 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-11T12:37:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T12:40:37 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-11T12:42:16 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T12:42:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-11T12:49:16 * jhung joined the channel
2017-01-11T13:22:17 * Jess__ has quit
2017-01-11T13:22:50 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-01-11T13:38:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T13:44:08 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T13:49:35 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-01-11T14:00:49 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-11T14:04:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-11T14:04:51 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-11T14:18:02 * yzen joined the channel
2017-01-11T14:24:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T14:25:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T14:38:06 <Justin_o> michelled, cindyli: do you think we should tag the uio-wordpress-plugin?
2017-01-11T14:38:23 <Justin_o> We do specify a version for it https://github.com/fluid-project/uio-wordpress-plugin/blob/master/ui-options.php#L6
2017-01-11T14:41:50 <cindyli> as i recall, the main change is on the uio wordpress plugin is to use infusion 2.0. are there other major changes from integrators\' or users\' perspective?
2017-01-11T14:41:55 <cindyli> Justin_o: ^
2017-01-11T14:46:21 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-11T14:49:34 <Justin_o> That\'s mainly it, but it also includes some styling to work with default wordpress theme
2017-01-11T14:58:23 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-11T15:10:47 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-11T15:15:12 * kavya joined the channel
2017-01-11T15:15:14 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-11T15:20:15 * jessm joined the channel
2017-01-11T15:30:58 * cj1 joined the channel
2017-01-11T15:31:19 * kavya has quit
2017-01-11T15:32:41 <jessm> hey Justin_o it\xe2\x80\x99s possible you\xe2\x80\x99ve already discussed this here, but the GSOC emails coming to some of our mailing lists\xe2\x80\xa6 how should we respond? and how should we respond when they\xe2\x80\x99ve been copy/pasted?
2017-01-11T15:35:03 <Justin_o> jessm: good question... in one i saw a while back i told them that we\'ll be discussing ideas this month. Recommend that they use the fluid-work list an IRC channel to communicate with us. I also created this page for our ideas https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2017+with+the+Fluid+Project
2017-01-11T15:35:17 <Justin_o> but there are links there to the documentation and good first bugs as well
2017-01-11T15:35:49 <jessm> Justin_o: ah, great!
2017-01-11T15:42:43 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-11T15:52:10 * colinclark has quit
2017-01-11T15:55:03 * cj1 has quit
2017-01-11T15:56:15 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-11T15:57:15 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-11T16:01:31 * kook_ has quit
2017-01-11T16:01:42 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-11T16:01:45 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-01-11T16:02:33 * colinclark has quit
2017-01-11T16:07:03 * danayo has quit
2017-01-11T16:14:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-11T16:14:51 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-11T16:15:01 <colinclark> Caren: Welcome!
2017-01-11T16:15:03 <colinclark> I\'m glad you made it!
2017-01-11T16:15:29 <Caren> Yes! thanks
2017-01-11T16:16:41 <Justin_o> Caren: hello, and welcome
2017-01-11T16:18:44 * colinclark has quit
2017-01-11T16:18:45 <Caren> Justin_o: thanks!
2017-01-11T16:20:19 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-11T16:24:08 * colinclark has quit
2017-01-11T16:26:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-11T16:36:46 * colinclark has quit
2017-01-11T16:44:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T16:49:07 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-11T16:49:43 * Caren has quit
2017-01-11T16:49:55 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-11T16:52:26 <simonjb> hi Justin_o, I\'d like to send an email out about the small computers community meeting -- do we generally use both the fluid-work and community lists for communication about community meetings?
2017-01-11T16:52:49 <Justin_o> alanharnum: you can use this to do the comparison https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/compare
2017-01-11T16:53:09 <Justin_o> simonjb: yes, i tend to use both of those
2017-01-11T16:53:17 <simonjb> great, thanks Justin_o
2017-01-11T16:53:29 <alanharnum> Justin_o: thanks!
2017-01-11T16:53:38 <Justin_o> simonjb: np and looking forward to that meeting
2017-01-11T16:53:44 <Justin_o> alanharnum: np, hope it helps
2017-01-11T16:55:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-11T17:07:55 <Justin_o> cindyli: did you see that i replied to your question, i forgot to ping you on it
2017-01-11T17:09:43 <cindyli> Justin_o: thanks, i see it now. i think it\'s ok to tag the plugin as 0.2
2017-01-11T17:09:50 <cindyli> what do you think, michelled
2017-01-11T17:10:46 <michelled> seems fine to me :)
2017-01-11T17:11:14 <Justin_o> cindyli, michelled: okay, i\'ll go and do that.. should i also add a tag for the prior to these changes as 0.1?
2017-01-11T17:11:33 <cindyli> that would be great, Justin_o
2017-01-11T17:19:27 <Justin_o> cindyli, michelled: https://github.com/fluid-project/uio-wordpress-plugin/tags
2017-01-11T17:19:49 <cindyli> yay! thanks, Justin_o
2017-01-11T17:23:09 * danayo has quit
2017-01-11T17:26:30 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T17:30:05 * danayo joined the channel
2017-01-11T17:30:30 * alanharnum has quit
2017-01-11T17:30:50 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-01-11T17:31:17 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-01-11T17:42:15 <mrtyler> avtar: do you have time to chat today
2017-01-11T17:42:23 <mrtyler> i\'ve reviewed qi.yml.template and surrounding context
2017-01-11T17:43:04 <mrtyler> gtirloni: if avtar isn\'t around maybe i can grab you real quick? or do you have other meetings now?
2017-01-11T17:44:27 <gtirloni> mrtyler: hi, no meetings now (got two hours until the next one)
2017-01-11T17:44:43 <mrtyler> the-t-in-rtf: this is what\'s been in my head since you and i started chatting: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6m_Rgx-yF2w
2017-01-11T17:45:05 <mrtyler> oh uh nsfw album cover :|
2017-01-11T17:45:07 <mrtyler> sorry about that
2017-01-11T17:48:11 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-01-11T17:48:29 <mrtyler> (well, breasts. maybe not nsfw in more enlightened parts of the world than the USA ;))
2017-01-11T17:53:54 * David123_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T17:54:43 * Kobi joined the channel
2017-01-11T17:55:58 <Justin_o> colinclark: did you file a JIRA about contextawareness not being in the framework dist?
2017-01-11T17:56:05 * colinclark has quit
2017-01-11T17:56:07 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-01-11T17:59:37 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-01-11T17:59:37 * lliskovoi_ is now known as lliskovoi
2017-01-11T18:01:48 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-01-11T18:01:54 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-01-11T18:03:04 * cindyli has quit
2017-01-11T18:09:47 * simonjb has quit
2017-01-11T18:15:35 * cindyli1 has quit
2017-01-11T18:22:17 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-11T18:23:31 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-11T18:26:59 * [o__o] joined the channel
2017-01-11T18:29:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-11T18:30:15 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-11T18:30:17 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, my friends and I listened to the Pixies quite a bit in college, and I am very familiar with "Tony\'s Theme"
2017-01-11T18:30:31 <colinclark> Justin_o: I don\'t know the answer to that question :)
2017-01-11T18:31:15 <colinclark> Is there a way to get a list of the JIRAs I\'ve filed, in reverse chronological order? :)
2017-01-11T18:31:26 <Justin_o> hmm.. probably
'

