b"2017-11-27T01:09:56 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-27T08:21:14 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-11-27T08:21:24 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-27T08:33:59 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-27T08:54:06 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-27T08:56:28 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-27T09:09:38 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-27T09:19:33 * amatas has quit
2017-11-27T09:34:32 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-27T09:34:55 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-27T09:51:08 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-27T10:05:18 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-27T10:13:58 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-11-27T10:21:38 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-27T12:07:45 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-11-27T12:19:15 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-27T12:21:54 * georgit joined the channel
2017-11-27T12:21:54 * dandimitrov__ has quit
2017-11-27T12:21:54 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-11-27T12:21:54 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-11-27T12:21:54 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2017-11-27T12:22:06 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-11-27T13:19:42 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-27T13:24:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-27T13:25:24 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-27T13:27:23 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-11-27T13:29:33 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-27T13:50:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello, thanks for merging my PR for GPII-2725.. I'd like to push up a tag to the repo. Are you able to adjust my permissions to do this, or to help me push up the tag
2017-11-27T14:12:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-27T14:18:51 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-27T14:28:54 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-27T14:28:57 <javjarfer[m]> Hi everyone! I realized that the actual json that we are using for ISO- 24751 is actually json5! So, maybe we could start writing right there, as comments, the 'accepted ranges' or 'shapes' in which those settings are expected.
2017-11-27T14:29:23 <clown> sounds good to me javjarfer[m]
2017-11-27T14:31:46 <javjarfer[m]> clown: nice! I think I will start doing it like that, and setup a topic for the next meeting and see which is the general opinion about that, or if we could have some 'basic community rules' about different kinds of settings.
2017-11-27T14:32:12 <clown> yes, let's make the discussion broader.
2017-11-27T14:32:38 <clown> brb
2017-11-27T14:54:29 * Bosmon9 joined the channel
2017-11-27T14:55:40 <Bosmon9> Hi there javjarfer[m] - we have already decided to write b
2017-11-27T14:55:46 <Bosmon9> proper schemas for these settings
2017-11-27T14:55:51 <Bosmon9> But this depends on some upcoming work from kasparnet_
2017-11-27T14:56:08 <javjarfer[m]> yes, you commented that to me no long ago
2017-11-27T14:56:16 <javjarfer[m]> I was just wondering if we could write something temporal
2017-11-27T14:56:42 <Bosmon9> Ok sure, do feel free to add some comments in the meantime, we do need to keep the info somewhere....
2017-11-27T14:56:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-27T14:57:08 <javjarfer[m]> or will the schema be the next imminent step and doesn't worth it write anything else?
2017-11-27T14:57:30 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-27T14:57:48 <javjarfer[m]> oh, okay, that is nice, will is there any spec about that schemas?
2017-11-27T14:58:30 <javjarfer[m]> so I can follow something while commenting, and not doing it blindly, propably making already solved mistakes
2017-11-27T15:05:31 <Bosmon9> javjarfer[m] - the schemas will take exactly the form that they do in our existing ontology documents
2017-11-27T15:10:45 <javjarfer[m]> oh, okay, thanks you, I will take a look
2017-11-27T15:21:45 * kavya joined the channel
2017-11-27T15:29:17 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-27T15:44:43 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-27T16:07:46 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-27T16:08:05 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-27T16:11:38 <georgit> Bosmon9: Hi, Antranig! We have just finished implementing the restart required functionality. We have created a PR in our fork for it (against the PCP-client branch): https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/pull/17
2017-11-27T16:12:35 <georgit> Could you please take a look at it so that we can address any comment you might have?
2017-11-27T16:13:43 <georgit> We will be adding some additional UI tests tomorrow but the core functionality should be in a final state in the PR.
2017-11-27T16:14:37 <georgit> dandimitrov_ added you as a collaborator to our fork so that you are able to review the PR and leave comments
2017-11-27T16:16:03 * georgit has quit
2017-11-27T16:24:20 * jessm joined the channel
2017-11-27T16:34:23 <grrrero> fluid-everyone: on the phone so can\xe2\x80\x99t join standup. Last Friday submitted two PRs for SJRK and the wordpress a11y theme. Going back to SNOW today.
2017-11-27T16:41:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-27T16:41:25 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-27T16:43:39 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-27T16:48:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-27T16:48:56 <michelled> alanharnum: do you have a few minutes to chat?
2017-11-27T16:50:24 <alanharnum> michelled: sure
2017-11-27T16:58:12 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-27T16:58:15 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-27T17:10:13 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-27T17:21:04 <Justin_o> alanharnum: would you have time today to talk about the Google Developer Account?
2017-11-27T17:27:11 <alanharnum> Justin_o: sure - having lunch right now & then heading in, maybe around 2:30 or so?
2017-11-27T17:27:46 <Justin_o> alanharnum: sure thanks.. i'll be heading offline at about 3:30, anytime before that will work for me
2017-11-27T17:33:03 * michelled joined the channel
2017-11-27T18:04:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-27T18:21:49 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-27T18:24:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello.. i'm working on FLUID-6209 adding in fluid.promise.fireTransformEvent to provide the hooks so that you could do something like add a fetch before or after the write
2017-11-27T18:25:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but i'm not sure if this will work because of the requestInFlight value
2017-11-27T18:25:29 <Justin_o> which will prevent a request from going when one is in flight.. but we may need to have multiple requests as part of a single one.. not sure how to distinguish these though
2017-11-27T18:28:30 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-27T18:29:36 <Bosmon9> Hi Justin_o - perhaps fireTransformEvent itself isn't the most appropriate, since you aren't particularly interested in the payloads, I imagine
2017-11-27T18:29:44 <Bosmon9> But can you explain in more detail the interaction with requestInFlight?
2017-11-27T18:29:50 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-27T18:30:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon9: so there is requestInFlight state, that prevents a second request from taking flight while one is active
2017-11-27T18:30:58 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-27T18:31:05 <Justin_o> but in the case where we call write, but really want to do fetch before we perform the actual write it will think the write request is in flight so the fetch will queue
2017-11-27T18:31:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: Here's the code so far
2017-11-27T18:31:43 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/M47N2aOi/
2017-11-27T18:47:00 <Bosmon9> Justin_o - I guess we really do need a queue structure in that case then
2017-11-27T18:48:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon9: you mean we'll need a queue of all requests?
2017-11-27T18:49:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon9: would we still drop all of the fetch requests when one has completed?
2017-11-27T19:10:09 * kavya has quit
2017-11-27T19:16:27 * amatas has quit
2017-11-27T19:36:01 <Justin_o> alanharnum: please ping me when you are free to chat
2017-11-27T19:36:57 <alanharnum> Justin_o: sorry, day ran away with me, still working at home - let's chat now
2017-11-27T19:37:09 <Justin_o> alanharnum: no problem, thanks
2017-11-27T19:37:36 <michelled> alanharnum: did the Oak report go in?
2017-11-27T19:37:44 <michelled> I'm just doing some tidy up on my speadsheets
2017-11-27T19:38:00 <alanharnum> michelled: don't know, haven't heard anything from JT
2017-11-27T19:38:14 <michelled> ah, ok - I'll keep it on for bit longer than
2017-11-27T19:39:06 <Justin_o> alanharnum: are you able to call me on vidyo, i can't seem to be able to call you
2017-11-27T19:39:11 <alanharnum> Justin_o: sure, one sec
2017-11-27T19:39:23 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-27T19:40:58 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-27T19:40:58 * gtirloni has quit
2017-11-27T19:40:58 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-27T19:54:13 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-27T19:54:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-27T20:12:20 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-27T20:45:45 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-27T20:46:45 * colinclark has quit
2017-11-27T20:48:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-27T21:27:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-27T21:28:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-27T21:29:23 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-11-27T22:19:46 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-27T22:20:05 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-27T22:20:05 * gtirloni has quit
2017-11-27T22:20:05 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-27T22:32:56 <gmoss> gtirloni or the-t-in-rtf, colinclark suggested that either or both of you might have an opinion to offer on an infusion component that can be used to send emails. I'm going to try to build a quick-and-dirty gift exchange infusion app that, from a given list of participants with email addresses, selects a recipient for each participant and emails them their recipient's name. It should be a fun learning experience :)
2017-11-27T22:32:56 <gmoss> I've found https://nodemailer.com but know nothing about it or its usage. I've made an app in the past that does exactly what I describe, but it was in C# and I no longer have access to the source code. What are your thoughts?
2017-11-27T22:44:05 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-27T22:44:16 <gtirloni> gmoss: from an infrastructure perspective, when deploying this app, it would be nice if the SMTP server address can be specified somehow (environment variable preferred)
2017-11-27T22:46:46 <gmoss> agreed! I'll be making my component somewhat configurable, with defaults for port number and a secure flag (false by default)
2017-11-27T22:47:04 <gmoss> server address will be on that list, too :)
2017-11-27T22:53:10 <gtirloni> \\o/
2017-11-27T22:57:30 <gmoss> gtirloni: have you ever used nodemailer? or do you have a recommended way to send emails?
2017-11-27T22:57:48 <gmoss> it looks pretty straightforward
2017-11-27T22:58:41 <gtirloni> Never used it but it seems well maintained
2017-11-27T22:59:53 <gmoss> I'm planning on testing it out this evening by sending to my own email addresses, do you have any concerns about this?
2017-11-27T22:59:55 <gmoss> :]
2017-11-27T23:27:02 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-27T23:33:51 * stegru has quit
"

