b'2017-02-02T18:25:45 <Justin_o> there seems to be only two real variances 1) in development 2) tagged
2017-02-02T18:25:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-02T18:26:02 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure
2017-02-02T18:26:02 <Justin_o> and we could have a rolling redirect or something that points at latest
2017-02-02T18:26:08 <Bosmon> Well, we should convene a dedicated meeting for this issue
2017-02-02T18:26:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: makes sense
2017-02-02T18:26:25 <Justin_o> we will also need some sort of landing page somewhere too
2017-02-02T18:26:58 <Bosmon> Well, a simple file list will do
2017-02-02T18:26:59 <Bosmon> https://nodejs.org/docs/
2017-02-02T18:27:02 <Bosmon> THis is what node does
2017-02-02T18:27:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: they also have this https://nodejs.org/en/docs/ but i suppose the file list is sufficient
2017-02-02T18:37:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: for clarity, are you suggesting that we hold off announcing the release till after we sort out the docs hosting?
2017-02-02T18:38:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o, no, we can release now
2017-02-02T18:39:00 <Bosmon> But we need to solve the docs problem asap
2017-02-02T18:39:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, any preference for when to meet, and who should be there?
2017-02-02T18:39:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i imagine at least gtriloni will be required
2017-02-02T18:40:02 <Bosmon> Me, you, colin, gtirloni, simonjb at minimum
2017-02-02T18:42:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i\'ll send out a doodle poll in a bit.. just want to square away the release stuff first
2017-02-02T18:44:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so we have a prior tag in Infusion-Docs as "infusion-1.5-docs"
2017-02-02T18:44:22 <Justin_o> what do you think about that name format?
2017-02-02T18:44:30 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think it\'s rubbish :)
2017-02-02T18:44:37 <Justin_o> we could keep it, or i could look at making it something like "v1.5" "v2.0"
2017-02-02T18:44:38 <Justin_o> :)
2017-02-02T18:44:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: preference?
2017-02-02T18:44:51 <Bosmon> They should be named identically for the corresponding Infusion tag
2017-02-02T18:45:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s logical
2017-02-02T18:45:01 <Justin_o> okay
2017-02-02T18:45:15 <Justin_o> i\'ll see if i can rename that one first, then will create the new one
2017-02-02T18:45:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ha, our tags aren\'t that far off
2017-02-02T18:45:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: infusions\'s tag is "infusion-1.5" and "infusion-2.0"
2017-02-02T18:48:47 <Bosmon> Those tags smell too :)
2017-02-02T18:48:58 <Bosmon> They should agree with the version in package.json
2017-02-02T18:49:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it\'s kind of historical i guess
2017-02-02T18:50:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so we could 1) rename them 2) create additional aliases 3) start over now
2017-02-02T18:50:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but i think you should propose that to list
2017-02-02T18:50:27 <Bosmon> ok
2017-02-02T18:50:33 <Bosmon> Additional aliases seems reasonable to me
2017-02-02T18:50:40 <Bosmon> I don\'t think one should ever move or change tags
2017-02-02T18:50:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are you thinking of a combination of 2 and 3 then
2017-02-02T18:51:04 <Bosmon> yes
2017-02-02T18:52:37 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-02T18:52:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i\'ll create the new docs tag as v2.0.0 for now. If you could send a proposal to list and we can make the rest of the changes if that passes through
2017-02-02T18:52:52 <Justin_o> sound okay?
2017-02-02T18:55:20 <Bosmon> sure
2017-02-02T18:57:41 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-02T18:59:59 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-02T19:03:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s the docs tag https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/tree/v2.0.0
2017-02-02T19:15:05 <Justin_o> jhung: could you please take a look at https://github.com/fluid-project/fluidproject.org/pull/11 and https://github.com/fluid-project/fluidproject.org/pull/12
2017-02-02T19:16:47 <jhung> Justin_o: sure thing.
2017-02-02T19:17:06 <Justin_o> jhung: i\'m going to make an additional change to the second PR.. will be one minute
2017-02-02T19:17:41 <jhung> no prob. I\'ll start with PR #11 Justin_o
2017-02-02T19:18:14 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-02-02T19:18:53 <jhung> #11 needs to follow PR #10 Justin_o, and that one is still open.
2017-02-02T19:19:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-02T19:25:57 <Justin_o> jhung: the other PR is ready now
2017-02-02T19:26:39 <jhung> ok. Could you look at PR #10? Are we trying to coordinate all 3 pulls to go in around the same time?
2017-02-02T19:26:43 <jhung> ^Justin_o
2017-02-02T19:30:06 <Justin_o> jhung: i think we\'ll hold off on that one for a bit, while we explore using CSS for the stylization. What do you think?
2017-02-02T19:31:15 <jhung> So PR #11 is independent of #10? The description for #11 made it sound like they\'re dependent?
2017-02-02T19:31:18 <jhung> ^Justin_o
2017-02-02T19:31:19 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-02T19:31:41 <Justin_o> jhung: let me take a look
2017-02-02T19:32:32 <Justin_o> jhung: yes, i believe they are independent.. i\'ll update the description
2017-02-02T19:32:42 <jhung> ok Justin_o
2017-02-02T19:32:46 <Justin_o> done
2017-02-02T19:39:44 * sgithens has quit
2017-02-02T19:53:50 <jhung> Justin_o: can you verify that the changes from PR #11 works on a mobile phone? I tried on FF and Chrome on Android and none of the JS or CSS is loading. I\'m just getting the HTML.
2017-02-02T20:04:43 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-02T20:06:14 <Justin_o> jhung: :(
2017-02-02T20:08:49 * javjarfer has quit
2017-02-02T20:10:58 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-02T20:15:05 * yzen_ joined the channel
2017-02-02T20:15:49 <jhung> Justin_o: could be something to do with docpad. Trying to access the running instance of docpad on my Mac from Windows has the same results.
2017-02-02T20:16:15 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-02T20:17:35 * yzen has quit
2017-02-02T20:18:07 <Justin_o> jhung: i think it may be related to cors
2017-02-02T20:18:25 <jhung> sure.
2017-02-02T20:24:35 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-02T20:25:02 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-02T20:38:57 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-02T21:07:39 <cindyli> gtirloni: u probably didn\'t see the msg i sent you this morning:
2017-02-02T21:07:43 <cindyli> good morning, gtirloni, an AChecker user reports that using web service API to validate the same url returns validation results last month, but receives time out this month. I\'m thinking it might because the server needs a clean up like garbage collection, memory release etc. It could also be a traffic difference tho
2017-02-02T21:07:44 <cindyli> http://www.atutor.ca/view/12/26163/1.html
2017-02-02T21:09:04 <gtirloni> cindyli: i didn\'t see it, sorry. i\'ll check this now
2017-02-02T21:09:15 <cindyli> not a problem. thanks gtirloni
2017-02-02T21:15:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-02T21:28:29 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-02T21:41:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-02T21:43:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-02T21:52:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-02T22:07:35 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-02T22:39:38 <colinclark> simonjb: http://www.klokmose.net/clemens/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/ppig-2016.pdf
2017-02-02T22:39:51 <simonjb> thanks colinclark
2017-02-02T22:40:47 <colinclark> it\'s pretty good
2017-02-02T22:41:01 <simonjb> colinclark: http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=806463&dl=ACM&coll=DL&CFID=896305141&CFTOKEN=49696629
2017-02-02T22:41:04 <colinclark> Bosmon\'s finest articulation of the values of community-oriented software
2017-02-02T22:41:05 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-02T22:41:07 <simonjb> not sure if at all useful
2017-02-02T22:41:24 <simonjb> thanks colinclark I\'ll definitely read
2017-02-02T22:41:29 <colinclark> Gosling 1981!
2017-02-02T22:41:33 <simonjb> yep
2017-02-02T22:42:08 <colinclark> I wish people wrote descriptive theory about programming environments more often
2017-02-02T22:42:23 <colinclark> perhaps of the sort that newcomers rightly complain is the only kind available for Infusion :P
2017-02-02T22:42:34 <simonjb> :)
2017-02-02T22:42:54 <colinclark> but I guess it would require software to have some theories
2017-02-02T22:43:00 <colinclark> where not all does
2017-02-02T22:43:11 <colinclark> I mean, what is the theory of Express.js?
2017-02-02T22:43:17 <colinclark> or even, what\'s the theory of osc.js?
2017-02-02T22:43:33 <colinclark> Do as little as possible, as explicitly as possible.
2017-02-02T22:43:43 <colinclark> I guess that\'s it, right there. Done.
2017-02-02T22:46:57 <colinclark> Gosling was such a responsible academic
2017-02-02T22:47:23 <colinclark> with his Theorem and and Proof preceding the algorithm
2017-02-02T22:48:14 <colinclark> amazing to imagine he eventually wrote the programming language that many of us paid our rent with for a decade
2017-02-02T23:00:40 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-02T23:13:36 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-02T23:57:22 * sirdancealot has quit
'

b'2017-02-02T00:34:53 * stegru has quit
2017-02-02T00:55:49 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-02T01:03:56 * arishuynhvan joined the channel
2017-02-02T01:14:04 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-02-02T01:45:50 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-02-02T02:12:04 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-02T02:14:03 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-02T02:14:09 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-02T02:44:27 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-02T02:49:08 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-02T02:51:04 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-02T04:14:13 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-02T04:16:17 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-02T04:45:50 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-02T05:04:31 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-02T05:08:37 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-02T06:11:12 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2017-02-02T08:10:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-02T08:49:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-02T08:49:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-02T09:06:33 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-02T09:11:06 * yzen has quit
2017-02-02T09:39:58 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-02T11:03:36 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-02-02T11:07:48 * stegru joined the channel
2017-02-02T11:33:53 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-02T11:42:19 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-02T11:56:53 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-02T11:57:18 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-02T12:57:45 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-02T13:07:18 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-02-02T13:08:15 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-02T13:12:47 * yzen has quit
2017-02-02T13:17:44 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-02-02T13:20:44 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-02T13:25:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-02T13:27:14 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-02T13:29:24 <cindyli> good morning, gtirloni, an AChecker user reports that using web service API to validate the same url returns validation results last month, but receives time out this month. I\'m thinking it might because the server needs a clean up like garbage collection, memory release etc. It could also be a traffic difference tho
2017-02-02T13:29:26 <cindyli> http://www.atutor.ca/view/12/26163/1.html
2017-02-02T13:30:41 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-02T13:32:10 <cindyli> gtirloni: in case u missed my msg ^
2017-02-02T13:36:26 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-02T13:36:29 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-02-02T13:37:15 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-02T13:37:17 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2017-02-02T13:38:03 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2017-02-02T13:42:58 * yzen_ has quit
2017-02-02T13:48:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:06:41 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:19:32 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:32:38 * javjarfer has quit
2017-02-02T14:43:42 * yzen joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:45:50 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:48:16 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:49:40 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:51:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:57:45 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:59:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-02T14:59:37 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-02-02T15:07:01 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-02-02T15:08:05 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-02-02T15:27:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I left you a couple of comments on the PR for FLUID-5903: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/103#discussion_r99129269 and https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/103#discussion_r99136625
2017-02-02T15:27:29 <Justin_o> I think it\'s good to go in once those are addressed
2017-02-02T15:30:57 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-02T15:55:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-02T16:02:10 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-02T16:02:52 <Justin_o> alanharnum: I left you some comments on the FLUID-6114 PR
2017-02-02T16:03:01 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-02T16:03:10 <alanharnum> Justin_o: great, thanks, reading now
2017-02-02T16:04:04 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-02-02T16:10:46 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-02T16:33:31 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-02-02T16:34:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-02T16:49:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-02T16:52:39 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-02-02T17:04:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: would you be able to review my Infusion Docs PR for the deprecations. It\'s quite short. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/115
2017-02-02T17:08:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-02T17:09:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-02-02T17:12:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for looking. I made the changes you recommended.
2017-02-02T17:14:00 <Justin_o> alanharnum: how long do you think it will take to wrap up this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/114
2017-02-02T17:14:41 <alanharnum> Justin_o: a little while at least - don\'t hold up the 2.0 official release announcement for it.
2017-02-02T17:15:15 <Justin_o> alanharnum: okay thanks
2017-02-02T17:21:38 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-02-02T17:22:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I see that this was merged recently https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/107
2017-02-02T17:22:25 <Justin_o> does it document parts things that were added after Infusion 2.0 was tagged?
2017-02-02T17:23:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, I think it does
2017-02-02T17:23:32 <Bosmon> Sorry this was done out of time
2017-02-02T17:23:41 <Bosmon> I guess we need to go to the previous revision and make a 2.0 branch
2017-02-02T17:24:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, we could do that, we\'ll need to merge in changes from our two PRs to both spots though
2017-02-02T17:24:37 <Justin_o> another options would be to revert this merge temporarily and then put it back in after
2017-02-02T17:24:42 <Justin_o> any preference
2017-02-02T17:24:54 <Justin_o> i think you might need to back out the change from your PR as well
2017-02-02T17:24:58 <Justin_o> either way
2017-02-02T17:25:05 <Bosmon> Which one will I need to back out?
2017-02-02T17:25:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think you merged master into your PR
2017-02-02T17:25:28 <Bosmon> Oh, I see
2017-02-02T17:25:56 <Bosmon> I don\'t really know how I can back that out
2017-02-02T17:26:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that shouldn\'t be too hard i don\'t think.. i think you can reset to your previous commit. 8a4a1174e2a29f8369ff171128e898a431ba82d3
2017-02-02T17:26:42 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/103/commits/8a4a1174e2a29f8369ff171128e898a431ba82d3
2017-02-02T17:26:55 <Justin_o> and then do a "git push origin -f"
2017-02-02T17:30:01 <Bosmon> Justin_o - thanks ok, done that
2017-02-02T17:30:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cool thanks.. okay.. i\'ll make a new infusion 2.0 branch, and we\'ll just need to merge our two PRs into both that branch and master
2017-02-02T17:32:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i made a 2.x.x branch https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/tree/2.x.x
2017-02-02T17:33:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - excellent
2017-02-02T17:38:37 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-02-02T17:39:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'ve merged FLUID-5903 into both spots
2017-02-02T17:40:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also my PR is ready for more review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/115
2017-02-02T17:43:00 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-02T17:43:29 <Bosmon> Justin_o ok, thanks
2017-02-02T17:43:31 <Bosmon> I\'ll look shortly
2017-02-02T17:44:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cool thanks.. once that one is in, i\'ll tag the docs and announce the Infusion 2.0 release officially.
2017-02-02T17:52:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-02-02T17:55:54 <Bosmon> kasparnet - hey
2017-02-02T17:56:05 <Bosmon> Don\'t know if you have time to meet about.... WWINDDOES
2017-02-02T17:57:09 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-02-02T18:02:54 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-02T18:03:04 * Yan_Hu1 joined the channel
2017-02-02T18:03:21 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-02-02T18:03:24 <kasparnet> if it\'s relatively brief
2017-02-02T18:03:27 <kasparnet> Bosmon:
2017-02-02T18:03:30 <Bosmon> Yes
2017-02-02T18:03:33 <Bosmon> I imagine it will be
2017-02-02T18:03:42 <Bosmon> Given we\'re sort of 80% of the way through the updates
2017-02-02T18:03:59 <kasparnet> ok cool - I\'ll just find a headset
2017-02-02T18:04:50 * Yan_Hu has quit
2017-02-02T18:19:04 * kasparnet has quit
2017-02-02T18:21:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, I\'ve merged FLUID-6121 into both branches
2017-02-02T18:22:04 <Bosmon> In theory we can have a release now :)
2017-02-02T18:22:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: excellent thanks :)
2017-02-02T18:22:27 <Bosmon> Although I guess we have the issue that we discussed in the December meeting, that we would now like to release a static version of the 2.x docs
2017-02-02T18:22:33 <Bosmon> Which involves rewriting our docpad scripts
2017-02-02T18:22:44 <Justin_o> yah :(
2017-02-02T18:22:59 <Justin_o> well.. not sure.. it would at least involve moving the hosting off of github
2017-02-02T18:23:11 <Bosmon> Well, right
2017-02-02T18:23:20 <Bosmon> I think this was simonjb\'s suggestion
2017-02-02T18:23:25 <Justin_o> we could probably setup jenkins to fetch each branch or something, not sure
2017-02-02T18:23:27 <Bosmon> Which would allow us to axe most of our docpad scripts
2017-02-02T18:23:37 <Bosmon> BUt we would still need to do something with them
2017-02-02T18:23:49 <Bosmon> But yes, I imagine we would like now to publish a set of 2.0.0 docs at http://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/2.0.0/
2017-02-02T18:24:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, that would be ideal..
2017-02-02T18:24:06 <Bosmon> And if we move the hosting off github, where do we put it?
2017-02-02T18:24:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: actually just remembered that colinclark had the suggestion at the review meeting to instead have it marked as stable
2017-02-02T18:24:42 <Bosmon> I think gtirloni or so said he thought it would be very easy to spin us up some kind of static hosting machine, but this all requires coordination
2017-02-02T18:24:46 <Justin_o> we\'d need to talk to gtriloni about the hosting part
2017-02-02T18:24:51 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, I think it was "as well" rather than "instead"
2017-02-02T18:25:03 <Bosmon> Ideally we want docs at each specific version, as well as /stable and /development
2017-02-02T18:25:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: oh, so like a redirect?
2017-02-02T18:25:08 <Bosmon> Well, however we do it
2017-02-02T18:25:14 <Bosmon> We want content at each of the URLs
2017-02-02T18:25:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  i imagine if we solve for one case it won\'t be much work to have it work for all
'

