b'2017-07-18T17:01:01 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-07-18T17:01:17 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-07-18T17:01:27 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-07-18T17:12:52 * stegru joined the channel
2017-07-18T17:42:26 <amatas> gtirloni: https://github.com/amatas/vagrant-gpii-ci#working-with-vms you can also use the param --stage to specify the stage that you want to run
2017-07-18T17:43:36 <gtirloni> cool, thanks! i think i\'ll make the e2e tests a separate stage so it doesn\'t conflict with the normal provisioning
2017-07-18T17:43:56 <amatas> gtirloni: also at the bottom of the readme you have the node_module bind in yml
2017-07-18T17:44:08 <amatas> at the end of the sample
2017-07-18T17:44:22 <gtirloni> a-ha! i should get into the habit of reading the docs again.. i remember i used to do that
2017-07-18T17:44:28 <amatas> haha
2017-07-18T17:46:36 * simonjb has quit
2017-07-18T17:51:49 * kasparn__ has quit
2017-07-18T17:52:33 <Justin_o> grrrero: another page to read over https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Contributing+Code
2017-07-18T17:52:54 <Justin_o> although that should be updated to reflect the use of pull requests instead of patches
2017-07-18T17:53:08 <grrrero> gotcha
2017-07-18T17:54:02 <Justin_o> grrrero:  and another in case you are wondering how to get commit access https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Process+for+Granting+Commit+Access
2017-07-18T17:55:06 <Justin_o> grrrero: here\'s the one i was looking for, it\'s actually part of some very old docs, that we should migrate at some point, https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/FSS+Naming+Conventions
2017-07-18T17:58:44 * avtar has quit
2017-07-18T18:06:07 * clown joined the channel
2017-07-18T18:06:36 <Justin_o> michelled: do you think talking over and mapping out the IDRC timeline as a community meeting for this week makes sense?
2017-07-18T18:10:41 <amatas> does anyone know how to get the actual workflow of the Jira?, I don\'t remember where it is.
2017-07-18T18:11:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-18T18:11:32 <amatas> nevermind found it
2017-07-18T18:21:51 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-18T18:32:44 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-07-18T18:33:53 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-18T18:47:49 <Justin_o> colinclark: will you be able to make it to the community meeting tomorrow.. we are thinking of doing a meeting where we construct a timeline of the IDRC/ATRC projects
2017-07-18T18:48:06 <colinclark> oh, curious
2017-07-18T18:48:19 <colinclark> tell me more about the motivations for that
2017-07-18T18:49:57 <Justin_o> it came up in our design crit today. We were talking about the build site as well as a place where we can have an archive of past work and i guess milestones/release
2017-07-18T18:50:14 <Justin_o> we also looked at Sepideh\'s map of some of our projects
2017-07-18T18:50:35 <Justin_o> and this came up before about having a timeline/archive of our past work
2017-07-18T18:53:00 * danayo has quit
2017-07-18T18:53:43 <Justin_o> colinclark: ^
2017-07-18T18:55:42 <colinclark> So I guess you\'re kind of imagining a "project gallery" kind of a site
2017-07-18T18:55:47 <colinclark> as opposed to our build site :)
2017-07-18T18:55:49 <colinclark> is that right?
2017-07-18T18:56:06 * alanharnum has quit
2017-07-18T18:56:20 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, something like that
2017-07-18T18:56:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-18T18:57:18 <colinclark> It reminds me a little bit of a section of the CAST site I was reading when I was working with them on the proposal the other week
2017-07-18T18:57:39 <colinclark> and which triggered all kinds of thoughts of parallels we had at the ATRC back then
2017-07-18T18:57:41 <colinclark> http://www.cast.org/about/timeline.html
2017-07-18T19:03:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-18T19:06:29 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, something like that would be great, but maybe not as text heavy
2017-07-18T19:12:34 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-18T19:13:08 <colinclark> Justin_o: I\'m free for tomorrow\'s community meeting, though I will be remote
2017-07-18T19:13:15 <colinclark> at my floating office :)
2017-07-18T19:13:44 <colinclark> and I look forward to revisiting all our past projects along with clown :)
2017-07-18T19:14:00 <Justin_o> colinclark: no problem, glad you can make it, it\'ll be a big help having you there
2017-07-18T19:14:19 <Justin_o> i wish i had taken better notes at the FLUID 10 year anniversary meeting :( but i guess this goes well beyond that anyways
2017-07-18T19:15:34 * clown ears are burning .. why?
2017-07-18T19:16:54 <clown> colinclark:  all the way back  e.g., the VDK and screen reader for HoTMeTaL?
2017-07-18T19:16:59 <colinclark> "we are thinking of doing a meeting where we construct a timeline of the IDRC/ATRC projects," said Justin_o
2017-07-18T19:17:25 <colinclark> I imagine it should even go further back, to some of Jutta\'s projects with switch control and the Apple II
2017-07-18T19:17:37 <clown> before my time\xe2\x80\xa6
2017-07-18T19:17:43 <colinclark> mine too, clown :)
2017-07-18T19:17:50 * clown wow, something is actually "before my time".
2017-07-18T19:18:38 <colinclark> So clown, how long have you worked for Jutta?
2017-07-18T19:18:45 <colinclark> was it 1996?
2017-07-18T19:20:29 * avtar joined the channel
2017-07-18T19:22:47 <clown> yes, colinclark June of \'96.  It may have been the last week of May.
2017-07-18T19:22:58 <colinclark> amazing
2017-07-18T19:23:07 <colinclark> I was one year later
2017-07-18T19:23:13 <clown> about a week after I started, we all went out to celebrate Jutta\'s birthday.
2017-07-18T19:23:21 <colinclark> wow!
2017-07-18T19:23:29 <colinclark> same thing for me\xe2\x80\x94either the last week of May or early June
2017-07-18T19:24:11 <clown> we should bring wine to this meeting \xe2\x80\x94 oddy appropriate to consume alcohol while reminiscing (sp?)
2017-07-18T19:24:16 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-07-18T19:24:18 <colinclark> great idea :)
2017-07-18T19:26:59 <clown> have you seen this graphic, colinclark:  https://files.inclusivedesign.ca/index.php/s/lL9aPVyCRP0B2QS#pdfviewer
2017-07-18T19:27:15 <colinclark> yep, I saw it linked in the channel this morning and took a look
2017-07-18T19:27:35 <colinclark> it\'s very interesting
2017-07-18T19:27:40 <clown> weird to think of Web-4-All ans the root of all evil.
2017-07-18T19:30:39 * danayo has quit
2017-07-18T19:30:53 <colinclark> hahaha
2017-07-18T19:43:21 * michelled has quit
2017-07-18T19:46:30 * Bosmon has quit
2017-07-18T20:02:10 * alanharnum has quit
2017-07-18T20:02:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-18T20:05:36 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-07-18T20:08:25 * michelled joined the channel
2017-07-18T20:14:08 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-07-18T20:21:05 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-18T20:25:10 <grrrero> fluid_everyone Justin_o : Edited the wiki to add CSS naming conventions here https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Coding+and+Commit+Standards
2017-07-18T20:25:25 <Justin_o> grrrero: thanks, i\'ll take a quick look at that
2017-07-18T20:25:31 <grrrero> fluid-everyone ^
2017-07-18T20:26:01 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-07-18T20:26:42 <Justin_o> grrrero: for the example part <el class="flc-* fl-*">
2017-07-18T20:26:51 <Justin_o> could you use a real html element there.. maybe a span or div
2017-07-18T20:26:55 <grrrero> Sure
2017-07-18T20:27:11 <Justin_o> grrrero: thanks, otherwise it looks good.. thanks for updating that page
2017-07-18T20:27:14 <grrrero> np!
2017-07-18T20:27:20 <grrrero> Justin_o
2017-07-18T20:27:24 <grrrero> Sorry just getting used to this
2017-07-18T20:28:31 <Justin_o> no worries, i know it\'s confusing
2017-07-18T20:30:32 * Bosmon has quit
2017-07-18T20:30:36 * jhung has quit
2017-07-18T20:34:13 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-07-18T20:46:05 * Bosmon has quit
2017-07-18T20:49:53 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-07-18T21:42:24 * alanharnum has quit
2017-07-18T21:42:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-18T21:45:50 * colinclark has quit
2017-07-18T21:55:41 * Jess_ has quit
2017-07-18T22:29:59 * amatas has quit
2017-07-18T22:36:19 * Justin_o has quit
2017-07-18T22:40:24 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-07-18T22:40:32 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2017-07-18T22:46:26 * stegru has quit
'

b'2017-07-18T00:04:35 * sirdancealot has quit
2017-07-18T00:55:34 * Caren joined the channel
2017-07-18T02:42:27 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2017-07-18T02:45:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-18T02:45:21 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2017-07-18T05:25:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-18T07:08:13 * amatas joined the channel
2017-07-18T08:02:44 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-07-18T08:06:14 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-18T08:17:23 * sirdancealot joined the channel
2017-07-18T08:21:01 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-07-18T08:28:22 * stegru joined the channel
2017-07-18T09:45:01 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-07-18T09:45:21 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-18T10:07:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-18T10:08:29 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-07-18T10:08:29 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-18T10:20:02 <gloob> passed the 2500 issue mark in Jira :)
2017-07-18T10:30:06 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-07-18T10:31:21 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-07-18T10:31:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-18T10:34:43 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-07-18T10:44:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-18T10:46:27 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-18T10:46:47 <the-t-in-rtf> @stegru, thanks for the fix for the windows tests.
2017-07-18T10:48:05 <stegru> :)
2017-07-18T11:03:11 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-07-18T11:05:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-18T11:07:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-18T11:10:16 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-07-18T11:47:54 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-07-18T11:47:54 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-18T12:03:45 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-18T12:04:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-18T12:06:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-18T12:07:10 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-18T12:16:55 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-07-18T12:17:34 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-07-18T12:23:18 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-07-18T12:23:19 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-07-18T12:48:11 * jhung joined the channel
2017-07-18T12:50:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-18T13:17:05 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-07-18T13:28:55 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-07-18T13:29:22 * eloisa_ joined the channel
2017-07-18T13:31:38 * eloisa_ has quit
2017-07-18T13:41:22 * eloisa_ joined the channel
2017-07-18T13:43:19 * clown joined the channel
2017-07-18T13:47:13 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-07-18T13:53:38 <clown> fluid-everyone:  blind card shark:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aG7Z0y8IF34
2017-07-18T13:55:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:05:45 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:05:53 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:06:47 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at the design crit today we will be talking about the fluid build site, it will be starting in a few minutes
2017-07-18T14:08:16 * michelled joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:08:32 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:09:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:09:42 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-18T14:15:30 <michelled> https://pad.gpii.net/p/build-site-kem4nmn
2017-07-18T14:17:05 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:25:17 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:29:17 * avtar joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:31:10 * kavya joined the channel
2017-07-18T14:37:00 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-18T14:37:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:14:10 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will start at 11:20
2017-07-18T15:19:44 * jhung joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:20:57 <michelled> fluid-everyone: planning is starting
2017-07-18T15:28:05 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-18T15:32:30 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:34:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:37:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:41:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello, i have a question about the renderer
2017-07-18T15:41:23 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o
2017-07-18T15:41:27 <Bosmon> About why it still exists? : P
2017-07-18T15:41:32 <Justin_o> specifically related to fluid.renderer.selection.inputs
2017-07-18T15:41:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2017-07-18T15:41:36 <Justin_o> lol
2017-07-18T15:41:37 <Bosmon> oh dear
2017-07-18T15:42:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i refactored out a base grade to use for things that look like the contrast adjuster
2017-07-18T15:42:27 <Justin_o> it\'s now called fluid.prefs.panel.themePicker and has been merged into infusion
2017-07-18T15:42:55 * eloisa has quit
2017-07-18T15:43:04 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:43:05 <Justin_o> however, i realize now that when I\'m using it, it puts all of the radio buttons across the panels using that base grade in the same group
2017-07-18T15:43:08 <Justin_o> because the name is the same
2017-07-18T15:43:11 <Justin_o> "theme-radio"
2017-07-18T15:43:27 <Justin_o> but i can\'t seem to see a way to change that without re-writing the entire prototree
2017-07-18T15:43:33 <Justin_o> do you know if that\'s the only way?
2017-07-18T15:44:38 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/renderer/js/RendererUtilities.js#L307
2017-07-18T15:44:39 <Bosmon> This one
2017-07-18T15:44:58 <Justin_o> yes that renderer expander
2017-07-18T15:45:08 * grrrero has quit
2017-07-18T15:45:20 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:45:43 <Bosmon> So, the name of the control, in the HTML sense, will be derived from its "full ID"
2017-07-18T15:45:51 <Bosmon> But I have a feeling this is not what you are asking
2017-07-18T15:45:57 <Bosmon> Whast do you mean by "because the name is the same"?
2017-07-18T15:46:01 <Bosmon> And - can you point me to your base grade?
2017-07-18T15:46:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yep, here\'s the base grade, was just looking it up
2017-07-18T15:46:20 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/preferences/js/Panels.js#L695-L784
2017-07-18T15:46:35 <Justin_o> the name seems to be based on the selectID
2017-07-18T15:46:46 <Justin_o> but i can\'t seem to pull that out with an IoC reference
2017-07-18T15:47:03 <Bosmon> Yes, I see
2017-07-18T15:48:05 <Bosmon> Mistakes I made 12 years ago return to haunt me
2017-07-18T15:49:32 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:49:49 <Justin_o> haha, well how can you predict 12 years in advance... besides that\'s a long time
2017-07-18T15:49:59 <Justin_o> i usually have mistakes i made in the morning come back and haunt me
2017-07-18T15:50:01 <Bosmon> The whole point of this dialect was to be immortal :)
2017-07-18T15:50:18 <Bosmon> Anyway, I think we will get it substantially more right next time : P
2017-07-18T15:50:25 <Justin_o> :)
2017-07-18T15:50:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: any eta on when the next time may materialize
2017-07-18T15:50:47 * kasparn__ joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:50:59 * avtar joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:51:20 <Bosmon> It seems unlikely that it could be done in less than a year
2017-07-18T15:51:23 <Bosmon> And probably somewhat more
2017-07-18T15:51:31 <Bosmon> My big rewrite branch has been stalled for a few months now
2017-07-18T15:52:21 <Bosmon> As I deal with the necessarily mechanics of getting a habitable house again and dealing with a small active agency that rushes around trying to bite people
2017-07-18T15:52:52 * kasparnet has quit
2017-07-18T15:54:13 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-07-18T15:54:20 <Bosmon> So I suggest what you need here is to make some fixes to this ridiculous expander
2017-07-18T15:54:57 <Bosmon> For example you can see that its cousin here will sometimes dispatch back into the expansion pipeline - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/renderer/js/RendererUtilities.js#L368
2017-07-18T15:55:19 <Bosmon> I suggest that you fix it to throw the fields that we imagine anyone might be interested in into "expandLight" just like this
2017-07-18T15:55:40 <Bosmon> Some while ago "expandLight" was hacked so that it would be capable of resolving IoC references as well as renderer ones
2017-07-18T15:56:40 * cindyli has quit
2017-07-18T15:57:07 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:57:32 <Bosmon> You can see that this style of reference works sometimes: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/framework-tests/renderer/js/RendererUtilitiesTests.js#L1755
2017-07-18T15:57:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-18T15:58:09 <Bosmon> But only when the developer remembers to dispatch back to the expander correctly
2017-07-18T15:58:32 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/framework-tests/renderer/js/RendererUtilitiesTests.js#L91
2017-07-18T15:58:44 <Bosmon> If you search for references to FLUID-4986 you can see where this was hacked in
2017-07-18T16:00:02 <Bosmon> Well wow
2017-07-18T16:00:08 <Bosmon> This was actually only 4 years ago
2017-07-18T16:00:12 <Bosmon> It feels like an absolute age
2017-07-18T16:02:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think yzen worked on that if i remember correctly
2017-07-18T16:02:53 * yzen summoned
2017-07-18T16:03:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'ll take a look into making that fix, thanks
2017-07-18T16:03:37 <Justin_o> yzen: any chance you\'d like to do some more renderer work ;)
2017-07-18T16:05:03 * jhung has quit
2017-07-18T16:05:12 * yzen runs away :P
2017-07-18T16:07:08 * simonjb has quit
2017-07-18T16:07:46 * michelled joined the channel
2017-07-18T16:10:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i scared yzen away
2017-07-18T16:12:22 * stegru has quit
2017-07-18T16:12:24 <Bosmon> hilarious
2017-07-18T16:32:20 * kavya has quit
2017-07-18T16:46:13 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-07-18T16:50:03 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-18T16:52:31 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-18T16:58:16 * alanharnum has quit
2017-07-18T16:58:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-18T17:00:12 * jhung joined the channel
'

