b'2017-11-22T21:48:29 <grrrero> ping alanharnum
2017-11-22T21:48:36 <alanharnum> grrrero: ping
2017-11-22T21:48:50 <grrrero> These were danayo\'s comments on the SJRK site: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/SJRK-43
2017-11-22T21:49:01 <grrrero> Just let me know when I can go ahead
2017-11-22T21:49:49 <alanharnum> grrrero: I\'ve added my own comment - I\'d say go ahead with the reordering but I want to discuss whether or not to open links in a new window a bit with danayo and maybe others
2017-11-22T21:50:01 <grrrero> Alright thanks alanharnum
2017-11-22T21:50:55 <danayo> alanharnum: i guess it\xe2\x80\x99s a personal preference but if you think it\xe2\x80\x99s a bad idea that\xe2\x80\x99s fine - curious to know your thoughts about it
2017-11-22T21:51:29 <alanharnum> I am personally in the "don\'t force the opening of new windows" camp for various reasons, but I recognize that there are a range of opinions on this topic, and we do it for some of our other sites like the ILDH
2017-11-22T21:52:09 <alanharnum> danayo: let me move this convo into design channel since I\'d like to tag lliskovoi specifically on this...
2017-11-22T21:52:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-22T21:52:17 <danayo> for sure, thanks
2017-11-22T22:19:36 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-11-22T23:01:29 * sgithens has quit
2017-11-22T23:20:59 * stegru has quit
2017-11-22T23:21:04 * kasparnet has quit
'

b'2017-11-22T00:22:34 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-22T00:25:11 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-22T00:47:55 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-22T01:12:26 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-22T01:16:57 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-22T01:17:51 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-22T01:55:08 * sgithens joined the channel
2017-11-22T01:56:31 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-22T02:05:59 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-22T02:06:41 * chlorophilia has quit
2017-11-22T05:08:46 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-22T06:23:28 * chlorophilia joined the channel
2017-11-22T07:02:10 * chlorophilia has left the channel
2017-11-22T07:19:14 * kasper joined the channel
2017-11-22T07:43:08 * yzen has quit
2017-11-22T07:43:37 * yzen joined the channel
2017-11-22T07:47:49 * kasper has quit
2017-11-22T07:58:39 * kasper joined the channel
2017-11-22T08:37:32 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-22T09:14:50 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-22T09:28:00 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-22T09:50:08 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-11-22T10:12:46 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-11-22T10:20:34 * kasper has quit
2017-11-22T10:42:51 * kasper joined the channel
2017-11-22T11:25:12 * dandimitrov_ has quit
2017-11-22T11:25:24 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2017-11-22T11:48:29 <kasper> hey antranig
2017-11-22T11:48:35 <kasper> Bosmon :)
2017-11-22T11:48:56 <Bosmon> Hey there KASPARDNIETTE!
2017-11-22T11:49:08 <kasper> so I\'m just looking at including the name stuff in the PCP API
2017-11-22T11:49:33 <kasper> i.e. name of NP set
2017-11-22T11:49:56 <kasper> which led to a few complications, since it\'s currently not being passed through the system from the preferences server, ontology handler, etc
2017-11-22T11:50:02 <kasper> that has mostly been fixed now
2017-11-22T11:50:15 <Bosmon> kasper - that\'s great
2017-11-22T11:50:24 <Bosmon> It looks like you are somehow a NINJER
2017-11-22T11:50:25 <kasper> but currently it\'s located within a given ontology (i.e. "flat" directive) of the NP sets
2017-11-22T11:50:32 <Bosmon> And have ceased to be... KASPARDNET
2017-11-22T11:50:38 <Bosmon> kasper - yes, I saw that
2017-11-22T11:50:58 <Bosmon> But it seemed increasingly like our preference sets can only be expressed in the flat ontology anyway
2017-11-22T11:51:04 <kasper> yeah, I guess
2017-11-22T11:51:09 <Bosmon> And even if we did want other ontologies, we wouldn\'t express them at top level like that
2017-11-22T11:51:18 <kasper> yeah, ok
2017-11-22T11:51:21 <Bosmon> So I was imagining that some day we\'d simply axe that top-level name
2017-11-22T11:51:28 <kasper> ok cool
2017-11-22T11:51:48 <Bosmon> Since if we want multi-ontologies, we would probably want to express that within a preference set ("context") rather than have to duplicate all that info again
2017-11-22T11:51:54 <Bosmon> Including the preference set name etc.
2017-11-22T11:52:17 <kasper> so I shouldn\'t worry too much about the merging names directives in two different ontologies
2017-11-22T11:53:04 <Bosmon> I was thinking so.... does it seem to make sense?
2017-11-22T11:53:28 <kasper> yeah it does
2017-11-22T11:54:43 <kasper> and I agree that our current format is a bit flawed on the multi-ontology stuff, so it\'ll havre to be revisited again at some later point anyway
2017-11-22T12:01:17 <kasper> cheers Bosmon
2017-11-22T12:43:31 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2017-11-22T12:46:02 * kasper has quit
2017-11-22T12:54:13 <kasparnet_> do you think it\'s sufficient to just remove *enabled from the snapsets for now antranig
2017-11-22T12:54:46 <kasparnet_> I\'m thinking I should probably get started on the work on https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2685 straight away
2017-11-22T12:55:12 <kasparnet_> but for the very short term, I think simply not having it in the snapsets would be ok
2017-11-22T12:55:15 <kasparnet_> Bosmon, ^
2017-11-22T12:56:37 <kasparnet_> Actually, this is only relevant for the solutions that require a restart, so it would just be magnifierEnabled, afaik
2017-11-22T12:56:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-22T13:01:35 * kasparnet_ has quit
2017-11-22T13:01:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-11-22T13:28:31 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-11-22T13:57:46 * amatas has quit
2017-11-22T14:01:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-22T14:06:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-22T14:23:13 * clown joined the channel
2017-11-22T14:24:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-22T14:30:08 <Bosmon> Hey kasparnet - I think just removing it from the snapsets is fine for now
2017-11-22T14:30:14 <Bosmon> But yes, we should do something about it asap
2017-11-22T14:30:19 <Bosmon> kasparnet - is there no GPII arch today?
2017-11-22T14:30:57 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-22T14:35:51 * amatas joined the channel
2017-11-22T14:41:16 <kasparnet> There is
2017-11-22T14:41:19 <kasparnet> Bosmon,
2017-11-22T14:41:28 <kasparnet> why do you think there isn\'t?
2017-11-22T14:41:54 <kasparnet> there is no ACPC arch, but it\'s replaced by another meeting
2017-11-22T14:42:11 <Bosmon> kasparnet - sure, I was just looking in Sandra\'s calendar
2017-11-22T14:42:16 <Bosmon> But I guess it\'s not there because she\'s on vacation
2017-11-22T14:42:29 <Justin_o> kasparnet: so no architecture meeting today?
2017-11-22T14:42:31 <kasparnet> yeah, I thiink so
2017-11-22T14:42:44 <kasparnet> Justin_o: there is an arch meeting today
2017-11-22T14:42:57 <kasparnet> the meeting before our arch meeting has been replaced by a different meeting
2017-11-22T14:43:05 <Justin_o> kasparnet: ah okay, thanks
2017-11-22T14:43:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-22T14:54:33 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-11-22T14:55:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I have a fix for the issue you mentioned yesterday. Would you like to review it https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/pull/3
2017-11-22T14:56:00 * avtar joined the channel
2017-11-22T14:58:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - great, sure
2017-11-22T14:58:58 <Bosmon> You got the underlying infusion fix pushed by cindyli yesterday?
2017-11-22T14:58:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2017-11-22T15:01:27 <simonjb> colinclark, Bosmon: Visible Nexus meeting my Vidyo room
2017-11-22T15:01:33 <colinclark> ok see you there in a sec
2017-11-22T15:01:38 <colinclark> just need to find a headset
2017-11-22T15:01:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-22T15:37:56 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-22T15:50:02 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-11-22T15:59:38 <Justin_o> jhernandez: can GPII-1575 ( https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1575 ) be closed now that GPII-2424 is in, or does it refer to something else?
2017-11-22T16:01:40 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-22T16:02:10 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-11-22T16:23:12 <jhernandez> mmm, I think so, however, I guess we want to keep https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1881 opened, which is about supporting gpii-compatible web sites
2017-11-22T16:23:28 <jhernandez> Justin_o: ^
2017-11-22T16:24:19 <Justin_o> jhernandez: thanks
2017-11-22T16:24:40 <jhernandez> I\'ve just converted it into a task, so GPII-1575 can be closed
2017-11-22T16:27:58 <Justin_o> jhernandez: thanks, i just closed GPII-2173 and will close GPII-1575 now
2017-11-22T16:28:08 <jhernandez> cool, thanks!
2017-11-22T16:29:14 <Justin_o> all done, np
2017-11-22T16:29:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-22T16:44:11 <alanharnum> my doppelganger
2017-11-22T16:57:31 <alanharnum> per machine-readable dictionaries, "lexical database" is the magical term to use - a whole world of academic projects open up with that
2017-11-22T16:57:35 <alanharnum> Justin_o: ^
2017-11-22T16:58:40 <alanharnum> http://www.babelnet.org/ is the new project that looks really promising
2017-11-22T16:59:37 <alanharnum> it\'s got a reasonably well-documented API: http://babelnet.org/guide
2017-11-22T17:00:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-22T17:01:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-11-22T17:03:46 * jessm joined the channel
2017-11-22T17:04:49 * colinclark has quit
2017-11-22T17:05:26 <Justin_o> alanharnum: that looks interesting, thanks alanharnum
2017-11-22T17:06:19 * mrtyler has quit
2017-11-22T17:11:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-11-22T17:53:24 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-22T17:59:41 <simonjb> cindyli: I added a note to the dataset meeting pad regarding determination of environment: line 40
2017-11-22T18:00:28 <cindyli> simonjb: thanks. we can discuss that too in the next meeting
2017-11-22T18:00:41 <simonjb> sounds good
2017-11-22T18:01:15 <cindyli> it sounds to me from today\'s meeting that ppl want a separate tier. but we can double check that at the next meeting, simonjb
2017-11-22T18:05:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-22T18:15:27 * kasparnet has quit
2017-11-22T18:22:51 * jhung joined the channel
2017-11-22T18:38:06 * alanharnum has quit
2017-11-22T18:58:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-11-22T18:59:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-22T19:02:45 * amatas has quit
2017-11-22T19:30:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-22T19:39:35 * danayo joined the channel
2017-11-22T19:47:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-22T20:36:29 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-11-22T20:42:04 * stegru has quit
2017-11-22T20:49:28 * stegru joined the channel
2017-11-22T21:12:34 <gmoss> colinclark ping
2017-11-22T21:12:41 <colinclark> hey
2017-11-22T21:13:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-11-22T21:13:42 <gmoss> the community meeting has just wrapped up, and Lisa and I were discussing whether we should go check out the AR exhibit at the AGO. We had the impression that it was somewhat urgent, did you need feedback on it sooner rather than later?
2017-11-22T21:14:05 <colinclark> no no, it\'s not urgent :)
2017-11-22T21:14:14 <colinclark> I was just curious about your thoughts, but not urgent at all
2017-11-22T21:14:25 <colinclark> I, unfortunatley, got locked in meetings for most of today
2017-11-22T21:14:37 <colinclark> and won\'t be able to go this afternoon
2017-11-22T21:14:57 <gmoss> Okay, in that case we\'ll go another day when we have more time and when you\'re hopefully available
2017-11-22T21:15:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-11-22T21:16:32 <colinclark> totally!
2017-11-22T21:29:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

