b'2017-10-17T17:27:17 * gtirloni has quit
2017-10-17T17:27:36 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-17T17:35:02 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-10-17T17:35:21 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-17T17:42:29 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-17T17:43:24 <Bosmon> Ah simonjb, I wanted to tell you about a little demo I put together for Philip
2017-10-17T17:43:56 <Bosmon> Which features what had been termed an "embranglement engine"....... which is structurally and in purpose quite similar to the co-occurrence engine which you made
2017-10-17T17:44:24 <Bosmon> Only with the additional facility that co-occurrence can be mediated by proximity-like concerns as well as grade identity
2017-10-17T17:44:50 <Bosmon> I put up the live demo in gh-pages here: https://amb26.github.io/embranglement/src/html/
2017-10-17T17:45:18 <Bosmon> And the repo is here: https://github.com/amb26/embranglement
2017-10-17T17:45:50 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-17T17:47:02 <Bosmon> And cindyli - I wondered if you had time to look at this little pull which fixes an issue alanharnum and gmoss ran into last week - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/854
2017-10-17T17:47:40 <simonjb> that\'s great Bosmon, will check it out
2017-10-17T17:48:36 <simonjb> nice demo Bosmon !
2017-10-17T17:55:02 <cindyli> sure. will do, Bosmon
2017-10-17T17:56:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-17T17:57:14 <simonjb> Bosmon: have you been following Bret Victor\'s Dynamicland project? https://twitter.com/Dynamicland1
2017-10-17T17:59:06 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-17T18:03:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-17T18:06:41 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-17T18:12:49 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-17T18:16:06 <Bosmon> simonjb - interesting
2017-10-17T18:16:42 <Bosmon> Looks a bit like the Xerox "Active Desk" project that used to be going on round the corner from us :)
2017-10-17T18:22:08 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-17T18:24:33 * michelled1 has quit
2017-10-17T18:24:58 * Jess_ has quit
2017-10-17T18:27:59 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T18:30:20 * michelled has quit
2017-10-17T18:31:46 * cindyli has quit
2017-10-17T18:37:05 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-17T18:43:55 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-17T18:47:17 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-17T18:48:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-17T18:50:12 * jhung_in_and_out has quit
2017-10-17T18:51:10 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-17T18:51:11 <simonjb> Bosmon: yes, I definitely see some similarities to Active Desk
2017-10-17T18:51:56 <simonjb> Active Desk research was still happening when I was at the Rainbow lab all those years ago
2017-10-17T18:55:25 <dandimitrov> Hi, everyone, we are experiencing problems with IoC expansion. Some backstory - in order to achieve an interface for using conditional subcomponent with proper option binding, we went for simple configuration components that keep the desired binding IoC reference as pure string (with `mergePolicy` of `noexpand`) - https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/PCP-client/src/pcp/js/exemplars.js#L47. We believed we\'re passing this "pure string" as
2017-10-17T18:55:25 <dandimitrov> option binding (https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/PCP-client/src/pcp/js/settingsPanel.js#L39) and expansion is done for the `model` property, but `name` stays unexpanded. There is no `mergePolicy` for the "problematic" property in the used component and a normal IoC string works fine. Has anyone experienced such problem before?
2017-10-17T18:55:47 * gtirloni has quit
2017-10-17T19:08:35 <cindyli> alanharnum, gmoss, did you have a chance to test Bosmon\'s fix with your work - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/854?
2017-10-17T19:09:00 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-17T19:14:30 <alanharnum> cindyli: we haven\'t, but we ended up finding a workaround for the issue that we\'re currently using, so it wasn\'t a blocker for us - I could test it quickly with our work and Bosmon\'s branch if you like
2017-10-17T19:17:18 <cindyli> that would be great, alanharnum
2017-10-17T19:17:31 <cindyli> thanks, alanharnum
2017-10-17T19:17:39 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - don\'t you have "widgetOptions" as the direct child of "widgetConfig"?
2017-10-17T19:18:04 <Bosmon> And "grade" seems to be the direct child too
2017-10-17T19:19:41 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-17T19:19:44 <Bosmon> Perhaps the "nulls" are just in the wrong place
2017-10-17T19:20:29 <dandimitrov> Yes, they\'re both properties of the widgetConfig which is of type `gpii.pcp.exemplar`
2017-10-17T19:20:48 <Bosmon> I meant your nulled-out properties here: https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/PCP-client/src/pcp/js/settingsPanel.js#L31
2017-10-17T19:20:52 <Bosmon> Which may just be old
2017-10-17T19:20:57 <Bosmon> The perils of a language without types : P
2017-10-17T19:21:27 <Bosmon> So you are seeing that attrs.name is unexpanded, but that "model" is expanded, contrary to the policy?
2017-10-17T19:22:17 <dandimitrov> There shouldn\'t be any policy there
2017-10-17T19:22:48 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - I see you have a policy on the exemplar\'s widgetOptions: https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/PCP-client/src/pcp/js/exemplars.js#L16
2017-10-17T19:22:49 <dandimitrov> they should only stay unexpanded as properties of the exemplar
2017-10-17T19:22:51 <Bosmon> But not on the one here
2017-10-17T19:22:52 <Bosmon> ok
2017-10-17T19:23:11 <Bosmon> So at what point do they seem to get erroneously expanded?
2017-10-17T19:23:33 <dandimitrov> the idea was to keep them unexpanded there, and to pass them as part of a plain object as options
2017-10-17T19:24:05 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - you will have to have a policy on them at each site that you expect them to pass through unexpanded
2017-10-17T19:24:47 <Bosmon> So I see them pass through here too: https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/PCP-client/src/pcp/js/settingsPanel.js#L251
2017-10-17T19:24:53 <Bosmon> Do you expect them unexpanded here too?
2017-10-17T19:24:57 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: nope, they are expanded properly, but only the `model`
2017-10-17T19:25:19 <dandimitrov> we want the `name` to be expanded too, but this is not the case :/
2017-10-17T19:26:02 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: yes, I expect them to stay unexpanded
2017-10-17T19:26:55 <dandimitrov> that\'s why I\'m passing the whole exempler (seem a bit ugly to me :/)
2017-10-17T19:28:04 <Bosmon> Yes, ok, I think I see
2017-10-17T19:28:13 <Bosmon> In general the framework will apply expansion only once, and not recursively
2017-10-17T19:28:21 <Bosmon> Although there may well be an anomaly with the expansion of models
2017-10-17T19:28:23 <dandimitrov> https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/PCP-client/src/pcp/js/settingsPanel.js#L39 here they are still unexpanded, and I expect them to get expanded, but only the `model` is...
2017-10-17T19:29:10 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - instead of hoisting all the values out of the exemplars manually, I suggest you simply add the exemplar grade itself as a dynamic parent grade
2017-10-17T19:29:19 <Bosmon> In that case the expansion will then all proceed regularly
2017-10-17T19:29:38 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: what do you mean by "expansion only once" :?
2017-10-17T19:30:01 <Bosmon> Note that you can resolve onto gradeNames dynamically, e.g. via invokers
2017-10-17T19:30:26 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - I mean that at this site you have already invoked one level of expansion via evaluation of the @expand directive: https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/PCP-client/src/pcp/js/settingsPanel.js#L325
2017-10-17T19:30:42 <Bosmon> So after this the material will not be expanded a 2nd time in order to resolve references that are within it
2017-10-17T19:31:39 <dandimitrov> ooh...
2017-10-17T19:31:41 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - I think you will get better results if you simply incorporate the exemplar\'s grade directly as a parent, once the references are in the right context
2017-10-17T19:31:42 <dandimitrov> I see
2017-10-17T19:31:45 <Bosmon> Via this facility: https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ComponentGrades.html#raw-dynamic-grades
2017-10-17T19:32:23 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - the other option is to trigger the expansion yourself manually
2017-10-17T19:33:20 <Bosmon> via fluid.expandOptions()
2017-10-17T19:33:24 <Bosmon> But that will be quite messy
2017-10-17T19:34:10 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - I guess there\'s the issue that your stuff is nested inside "widgetOptions" rather than at top level where it needs to end up
2017-10-17T19:34:55 <Bosmon> This is pretty interesting
2017-10-17T19:35:43 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: it appears so, but I\'d prefer to avoid adding the exempler as a parent
2017-10-17T19:37:03 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - ok, here is example use of fluid.expandOptions to trigger manual expansion: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/DataBinding.js#L826
2017-10-17T19:37:11 <Bosmon> Which I imagine you will need to do for everything other than "model"
2017-10-17T19:37:59 <Bosmon> I think this function might well not have got into the docs yet, but it is a stable API
2017-10-17T19:39:04 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: ok, thank you, we\'ll go with this approach for now, but we\'ll have to further discuss the current implementation around exemplers...
2017-10-17T19:39:26 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - yes, for sure
2017-10-17T19:39:32 <Bosmon> I think we can find some ways of streamlining it
2017-10-17T19:39:38 <dandimitrov> Yes, I couldn\'t found it in the API today
2017-10-17T19:40:13 <Bosmon> Yes, I see it is not there
2017-10-17T19:40:20 <Bosmon> I\'ll write up a JIRA to add it later
2017-10-17T19:40:54 <Bosmon> It\'s a bit esoteric but it ends up being used relatively frequently in "framework"-type code
2017-10-17T19:41:04 <alanharnum> cindyli: can confirm Bosmon\'s PR fixes the issue we were seeing in our original code
2017-10-17T19:41:16 <Bosmon> awesome, thanks alanharnum :)
2017-10-17T19:41:50 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: Thanks again, we\'ll put some thought in ways for refactor too
2017-10-17T19:42:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-17T19:42:19 <dandimitrov> Have a lovely evening
2017-10-17T19:42:31 <Bosmon> You too, cheers dandimitrov :)
2017-10-17T19:43:12 <cindyli> great. thanks, alanharnum
2017-10-17T19:48:51 <gmoss> Thanks alanharnum cindyli Bosmon for sorting that PR out! I missed that portion of the chat as I\'m a bit off-and-on today. I\'m glad it\'s all sorted out and we can proceed with the refactoring of that part (assuming it makes sense after our workaround)
2017-10-17T20:10:47 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T20:14:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-17T20:19:27 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-17T20:21:47 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-17T20:26:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is there a way to get a default value to return from fluid.get()
2017-10-17T20:27:08 <Justin_o> I have some vague recollection that there was, but i\'m not seeing it.. or am missing it
2017-10-17T20:28:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yzen recalls, I\'m sure :)
2017-10-17T20:29:38 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-17T20:29:44 <Justin_o> yzen: please share your recollections :)
2017-10-17T20:32:27 <Bosmon> gtirloni - I just got a funny message from our JIRA
2017-10-17T20:32:35 <Bosmon> "The Lucene health check has failed in your system"
2017-10-17T20:32:58 <gtirloni> wow.. weird. why would it send it to you? is that related to some build?
2017-10-17T20:33:06 <Bosmon> gtirloni - it just appeared as a popup
2017-10-17T20:33:13 <Bosmon> When I was browsing a JIRA page : P
2017-10-17T20:33:14 <gtirloni> oh forget it.. i read "jenkins"
2017-10-17T20:33:35 <Bosmon> It then directed me to an admin logon page...
2017-10-17T20:33:35 <gtirloni> ok, let me take a look
2017-10-17T20:34:24 <Bosmon> In "Instance health" I then see "The issue index is inconsistent with the database state. The last issue update recorded in the database was at (10/17/17 2:46 PM) but the last issue update recorded in the index was at (10/17/17 11:38 AM)."
2017-10-17T20:35:53 <gtirloni> ok, i\'m running the integrity checker
2017-10-17T20:37:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you can see some examples of "strategies" here: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/framework-tests/core/js/DataBindingTests.js#L41
2017-10-17T20:38:19 <Bosmon> It doesn\'t entirely seem worth it, rather than just saying fluid.get(path, thing) || fluid.get(defaults, thing)
2017-10-17T20:38:25 <Bosmon> What is your use case?
2017-10-17T20:38:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it was just for something in the test, so yah i might just do something simpler
2017-10-17T20:39:06 <Justin_o> i was hoping for something like fluid.get(model, path, default);
2017-10-17T20:39:08 * cindyli has quit
2017-10-17T20:39:17 <Justin_o> but it\'s just as easy to say fluid.get(model, path) || default;
2017-10-17T20:39:22 <gtirloni> Bosmon: recreated the indexes.. instance health shows green now (\xe2\x97\x89\xe2\x80\xbf\xe2\x97\x89) thanks for the heads up. I used the bulk editor on a bunch of my issues.. I wonder if that messed up the index
2017-10-17T20:44:04 <ussjoin> Who has admin on https://ci.gpii.net (Jenkins)?
2017-10-17T20:44:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-17T20:45:54 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T20:49:46 <gtirloni_> ussjoin: avtar, amatas, alanharnum, \'deploy\', gtirloni, mrtyler
2017-10-17T20:50:16 <ussjoin> gtirloni: Neat! So what you\'re saying is, ask you? :-)
2017-10-17T20:51:01 <mrtyler> hi
2017-10-17T20:52:59 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T21:14:54 * amatas has quit
2017-10-17T21:47:13 * stegru has quit
2017-10-17T21:53:27 * alanharnum has quit
2017-10-17T21:54:24 * ussjoin has quit
2017-10-17T21:55:38 * ussjoin joined the channel
2017-10-17T22:01:50 * clown has quit
2017-10-17T22:49:47 * Justin_o has quit
2017-10-17T23:15:02 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-17T23:54:58 * grrrero has quit
2017-10-17T23:55:44 * javjarfer joined the channel
'

b'2017-10-17T00:26:38 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-17T01:40:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-17T01:45:16 * colinclark has quit
2017-10-17T01:55:27 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-17T03:00:21 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-17T04:53:21 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-17T06:46:45 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-17T07:12:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-17T07:14:15 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-17T08:28:21 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-17T08:49:51 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T08:49:51 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-17T08:50:04 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-17T08:52:10 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-17T08:56:10 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-17T08:56:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-17T09:05:46 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T09:08:44 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-17T09:12:23 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-17T09:14:32 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-17T09:15:22 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-10-17T09:15:30 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-10-17T09:32:50 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T09:50:30 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-10-17T09:50:30 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-17T10:01:05 * amatas has quit
2017-10-17T10:02:09 * amatas_ has quit
2017-10-17T10:04:38 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-17T10:06:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-17T10:07:00 * amatas has quit
2017-10-17T10:14:22 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-17T10:16:02 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-17T10:18:40 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-17T10:42:30 * amatas has quit
2017-10-17T11:16:28 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-10-17T11:32:52 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-17T12:20:32 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-10-17T12:22:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, for the feedback. I did do some additional cleanup like removing "setResponseTransform" after dropping in the snippet.
2017-10-17T12:22:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  i was struggling with the naming though, especially the symmetric namespaces for the read/write
2017-10-17T12:29:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-10-17T12:30:02 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-17T12:30:04 * kasparnet has quit
2017-10-17T12:30:46 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-10-17T12:39:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what do you think of "source" as the namespace instead of "backing"?
2017-10-17T12:40:22 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the problem with that is that its equivalent at the other end would have to be "sink" : P
2017-10-17T12:40:55 * jhung joined the channel
2017-10-17T12:41:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and the preference would be to have the same namespace for both?
2017-10-17T12:41:34 <Justin_o> store?
2017-10-17T12:45:32 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-17T12:45:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-17T12:46:42 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-17T12:50:07 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-17T12:53:02 <kasparnet> Bosmon: not having any idea what you were talking about the equivalent at the other end could be "target" as well
2017-10-17T12:53:55 <kasparnet> "what the fuck kasper, you cannot just cump into a random conversation, saying things out of context that do not make any sense?!!"
2017-10-17T12:54:04 <kasparnet> yeah yeah, I know
2017-10-17T13:00:13 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:07:27 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:08:56 <gtirloni> fluid\'s wiki started consuming too much memory (heap) and crashed. it\'s restarting now.
2017-10-17T13:10:12 <gtirloni> it\'s back
2017-10-17T13:11:40 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:14:02 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-17T13:17:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:26:12 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:29:03 <clown> stegru: hi \xe2\x80\x94 you asked about the process reporter last week.  I answered, but you had left the room.  Did you see the answer later?
2017-10-17T13:29:28 <stegru> no
2017-10-17T13:29:58 <clown> 2:16:04 PM clown: stegru:  regarding dust settling on the process reporter: everytime I think it\'s done, another error pops up :-)
2017-10-17T13:29:58 <clown> 2:16:27 PM clown: but, it\'s been a couple of weeks, so perhaps the dust has settled.
2017-10-17T13:29:58 <clown> 2:17:10 PM clown: one issue outstanding is that there is a linux pull for the liinux specific process reporter code that needs reviewing/merging.
2017-10-17T13:29:58 <clown> 2:17:39 PM clown: but, that won\'t change the code in universal where 95% of the process reporter code lives.
2017-10-17T13:29:58 <clown> 2:18:32 PM clown: and \xe2\x80\xa6. I just realized stegru has (had) left the building.
2017-10-17T13:30:41 <clown> does that answer your question, stegru?
2017-10-17T13:30:49 <stegru> ok thanks clown - i was thinking about starting to remove any duplication in the processHandling module
2017-10-17T13:30:51 <stegru> yes
2017-10-17T13:31:15 <clown> I take it that wasn\'t discussed at the Windows meeting on Thursday (I think it was Thu).
2017-10-17T13:31:57 * clown looks for meeting notes
2017-10-17T13:37:28 * colinclark has quit
2017-10-17T13:40:10 <clown> jhernandez:  Bon jour!  Can I close https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2613?
2017-10-17T13:40:22 <clown> the pull request was merged, and the problem was fixed.
2017-10-17T13:41:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I was talking over the naming of the namespace for onRead/onWrite with cindyli. Here are a few of the options we came up with 1) onRead.get/onWrite.set 2) onRead.perform/onWrite.perform 3) onRead.performRead/onWrite.performWrite 4) onRead.engage/onWrite.engage 5) onRead.act/onWrite.act 6) onRead.action/onWrite.action
2017-10-17T13:42:56 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:43:06 <clown> onRead.doRead/onWrite.doWrite ?
2017-10-17T13:44:56 <Justin_o> clown: thanks
2017-10-17T13:45:30 <clown> Justin_o:  you\'re welcome \xe2\x80\x94 any use?
2017-10-17T13:48:22 * danaayotte joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:50:22 * danaayotte has quit
2017-10-17T13:50:35 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:51:05 <Justin_o> clown: possibly, it\'s a good suggestion.. we\'re hoping that Bosmon can weigh in on them.
2017-10-17T13:51:51 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:51:57 <clown> Justin_o:  sure.  "engage" has a nice star-trek feel to it, though.
2017-10-17T13:52:06 <Justin_o> i was thinking that too :)
2017-10-17T13:52:20 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-17T13:52:47 * danayo_ has quit
2017-10-17T14:00:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-17T14:00:32 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we could always just have boring old "impl" : P
2017-10-17T14:00:47 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-17T14:01:15 <Justin_o> cindyli: did you see Bosmon\'s suggestion? what do you think of that?
2017-10-17T14:01:23 <Justin_o> clown: ^^
2017-10-17T14:02:10 <cindyli> Justin_o: i think it\'s a good idea
2017-10-17T14:04:17 <clown> Justin_o:  "boring" is correct, but it captures the functionality.
2017-10-17T14:04:25 <clown> so, it\'s good way to go.
2017-10-17T14:05:23 <clown> jhernandez, I went ahead and closed https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2613.  If you disagree, feel free to re-open.
2017-10-17T14:05:40 <jhernandez> clown: hey, I\'m just seeing this
2017-10-17T14:06:02 <jhernandez> sure, it was already merged
2017-10-17T14:06:09 <jhernandez> :)
2017-10-17T14:06:11 <clown> yup, that\'s what I thought.
2017-10-17T14:06:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon, cindyli, clown: thanks.. will go with "impl"
2017-10-17T14:06:24 <clown> just cleaning some stuff up.
2017-10-17T14:06:35 <clown> Justin_o:  cool.  Now go and impl it.
2017-10-17T14:06:44 <Justin_o> :)
2017-10-17T14:07:49 <clown> jhernandez, Bosmon, stegru:  was there a Windows gotomeeting last Thu?  If so, do you have the url to the pirate pad handy?  Thanks!
2017-10-17T14:10:30 <clown> never mind, I found it: https://pad.gpii.net/p/windows-summit-29-7-16-alr4n2a
2017-10-17T14:11:50 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T14:27:50 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T14:28:40 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-17T14:33:29 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-17T14:42:47 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-17T14:57:21 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-10-17T14:58:30 <michelled1> fluid-everyone: the IDRC planning meeting will start in a few minutes
2017-10-17T15:00:12 <clown> michelled1:  on my way, but I will have to bail around 11:15.
2017-10-17T15:02:32 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T15:06:49 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-17T15:07:16 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-17T15:14:35 * kasparnet has quit
2017-10-17T15:35:18 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-17T15:37:37 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T15:40:17 * Jess_ has quit
2017-10-17T15:49:47 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-17T16:01:15 <cindyli> Bosmon: data model review
2017-10-17T16:02:42 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-17T16:04:05 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2017-10-17T16:04:17 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-17T16:10:10 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-10-17T16:10:21 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T16:12:26 * michelled has quit
2017-10-17T16:14:42 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-17T16:21:36 <simonjb> cindyli: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hulk_(comics)
2017-10-17T16:39:13 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-17T16:44:10 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T16:52:03 <Justin_o> jhung_away: would you be able to take a look at this PR for the floe site. It updates Infusion to have the clickable arrows in the responsive UIO. Also removed FSS. https://github.com/fluid-project/floeproject.org/pull/60
2017-10-17T16:59:22 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: for anyone interested in joining artist walk discussion, we\'ll be meeting in the collaboration room locally and fluid_standup on vidyo
2017-10-17T17:01:31 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-10-17T17:02:00 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-17T17:02:21 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2017-10-17T17:03:47 * sepidehshahi_ has quit
2017-10-17T17:10:29 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-10-17T17:11:29 * stegru has quit
2017-10-17T17:12:08 * michelled has quit
2017-10-17T17:17:44 * clown has quit
2017-10-17T17:18:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-17T17:22:16 * sepidehshahi has quit
'

