b'2017-07-11T19:59:18 <colinclark> I guess we could go back to our notes and see what we discussed
2017-07-11T19:59:20 <cindyli> i guess jhernandez is gone for today to talk about PCP API
2017-07-11T19:59:31 <colinclark> It\'s definitely true that the PCP will be part of the Electron runtime
2017-07-11T20:00:09 <colinclark> and it certainly will be co-located with a Flow Manager there, so we will have a message channel to communicate back and forth
2017-07-11T20:02:05 <cindyli> colinclark: a message channel between LFM and PCP? or between PCP and cloud?
2017-07-11T20:02:27 <colinclark> I meant Electron\'s IPC
2017-07-11T20:02:29 <colinclark> as you were referring to
2017-07-11T20:02:30 <cindyli> ok
2017-07-11T20:02:35 <colinclark> I believe they call them "channels"
2017-07-11T20:08:36 <cindyli> ah ok. i\'m going thru the notes from the face to face last Dec: https://pad.gpii.net/p/201612-washingtonf2f-ih1b4nns, didn\'t find the notes of IPC channel for PCP
2017-07-11T20:09:04 <cindyli> the topic of PCP is from line 426 onwards :(
2017-07-11T20:12:05 <cindyli> the pad for "PCP API" also doesn\'t talk about how PCP is going to communicate with GPII cloud, via local flow manager or not
2017-07-11T20:12:10 <cindyli> https://pad.gpii.net/p/pcp-api-7g124ngs
2017-07-11T20:14:29 <cindyli> colinclark: if it turns out PCP needs to talk to the cloud directly instead of via LFM, we\'ll need to draw up the workflow and determine which authorization method should be used, then find out if it can fit into an existing client type (with different capabilities if needed) or a new client type should be created for it
2017-07-11T20:18:16 <colinclark> I guess it\'s something we should think through
2017-07-11T20:18:36 <colinclark> The so-called "Sticky PCP" has capabilities that the Flow Manager, proper, doesn\'t have
2017-07-11T20:18:52 <colinclark> which is the ability to save settings changes to a preference set
2017-07-11T20:19:25 <colinclark> so the only question is if we are opening up some kind of risk by giving the Flow Manager vs. the Sticky PCP this privilege
2017-07-11T20:19:39 <colinclark> and if it even makes any difference, considering they\'re all there, installed on the local machine
2017-07-11T20:20:49 * simonjb has quit
2017-07-11T20:24:27 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-11T20:33:28 <cindyli> colinclark: the answer to your question depends on how secure IPC channels are
2017-07-11T20:33:43 <cindyli> need some research on that
2017-07-11T20:36:24 <colinclark> I believe that Electron IPC is implemented using the operating system\'s IPC facilities
2017-07-11T20:36:46 <colinclark> so on Mac OS X it uses Mach\'s (the kernel) messaging
2017-07-11T20:37:35 <colinclark> I guess it\'s called macOS now :P
2017-07-11T20:38:19 <colinclark> I guess on Windows it probably uses pipes of some sort
2017-07-11T20:39:31 <cindyli> if so, we should take a look on how secure those facilities are
2017-07-11T20:40:21 <colinclark> I guess stegru has looked a lot at this in other contexts, hasn\'t he?
2017-07-11T20:43:24 <cindyli> ya, i think so, he may already have some insights :)
2017-07-11T20:45:48 <stegru> not really
2017-07-11T20:46:00 <cindyli> lol
2017-07-11T20:46:38 <stegru> ok..
2017-07-11T20:47:59 <stegru> i\'ve began working on something that\'s basically a wrapper around node\'s build-in IPC, which just uses the OS\'s native pipes
2017-07-11T20:48:21 <stegru> and it does the "passing it to another process" thing
2017-07-11T20:52:16 <cindyli> stegru: if PCP needs to send a message to LFM asking it to save a modified prefs set to the cloud, do you think it\'s possible that a bad process can act as PCP to send the same message?
2017-07-11T20:55:29 <stegru> well, it depends on how the PCP and LFM processes are started.. but it\'s possible to secure it
2017-07-11T20:55:58 <stegru> my research on this is in GPII-2399 - the answer is in the last 2 comments
2017-07-11T20:57:25 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2017-07-11T20:57:53 <stegru> it can be cross-platform (windows and linux at least)
2017-07-11T20:59:56 <cindyli> cool, thanks, stegru
2017-07-11T21:03:45 * clown has quit
2017-07-11T21:10:02 * jhung has quit
2017-07-11T21:20:55 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-11T21:32:19 <michelled> alanharn_: I will reply to JT\'s message about the P4A charts demo as soon as avtar is able to restart the container for it.
2017-07-11T21:32:40 * gtirloni has quit
2017-07-11T21:32:42 <michelled> alanharn_: did the line graph functionality get into the chart authoring repo?
2017-07-11T21:36:42 <alanharn_> michelled: yeah, that\'s been in there for over a year
2017-07-11T21:37:19 <michelled> alanharn_: what new things have we added to charts since last July?
2017-07-11T21:38:32 <alanharn_> michelled: I don\'t believe anything user-visible has been added
2017-07-11T21:38:51 <michelled> ah ok
2017-07-11T21:39:01 <michelled> fair to say we\'ve made them more stable?
2017-07-11T21:41:36 <alanharn_> michelled: yup, there\'ve been a number of bug fixes and similar
2017-07-11T21:46:22 <michelled> thx
2017-07-11T21:53:34 * amatas has quit
2017-07-11T22:06:27 * michelled has quit
2017-07-11T22:15:58 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-07-11T22:34:09 * stegru has quit
2017-07-11T22:41:04 * Justin_o has quit
2017-07-11T22:53:59 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-11T22:58:09 * pratik_r has quit
2017-07-11T23:09:04 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-11T23:09:30 * pratik_r has left the channel
2017-07-11T23:31:53 * avtar has quit
2017-07-11T23:46:08 * colinclark has quit
'

b'2017-07-11T00:32:37 * danayo has quit
2017-07-11T02:11:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-11T02:44:25 * colinclark has quit
2017-07-11T02:45:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-11T02:52:29 * colinclark has quit
2017-07-11T03:28:02 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-11T03:32:07 * colinclark has quit
2017-07-11T03:45:29 * mrtyler has quit
2017-07-11T04:08:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-11T04:17:08 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-11T04:17:09 * danayo has quit
2017-07-11T05:05:03 * colinclark has quit
2017-07-11T07:09:20 * alanharnum has quit
2017-07-11T07:09:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-07-11T07:18:34 * amatas joined the channel
2017-07-11T07:38:23 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-11T08:12:56 * stegru joined the channel
2017-07-11T08:26:35 <the-t-in-rtf> What\'s the current preferred version of virtualbox to run the standard Vagrant images?
2017-07-11T08:27:40 <the-t-in-rtf> I have 5.1.14 at the moment.
2017-07-11T09:57:30 * stegru has quit
2017-07-11T10:02:54 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-07-11T10:04:16 * stegru joined the channel
2017-07-11T10:17:09 <stegru> the-t-in-rtf: I\'m on 5.1.22 (latest), and had no problems with it
2017-07-11T10:57:40 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-07-11T11:13:11 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-11T11:25:02 * michelled joined the channel
2017-07-11T11:29:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-11T12:16:19 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-07-11T12:22:18 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-07-11T12:34:02 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-07-11T12:56:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-07-11T12:58:50 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-11T13:02:29 * jhung joined the channel
2017-07-11T13:10:26 * clown joined the channel
2017-07-11T13:34:06 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-07-11T13:53:01 * michelled joined the channel
2017-07-11T13:56:47 * clown joined the channel
2017-07-11T13:57:12 <jhung> fluid-everyone: The design crit will be starting in 5 minutes. Today\'s topic is the Social Justice Repair Kit site.
2017-07-11T13:58:36 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2017-07-11T13:59:32 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-11T14:05:35 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-11T14:08:03 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-11T14:08:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-11T14:18:37 * pratik_r has quit
2017-07-11T14:18:44 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-11T14:22:57 * pratik_r has quit
2017-07-11T14:41:06 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-11T14:59:15 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will start in a couple minutes
2017-07-11T15:01:07 * clown joined the channel
2017-07-11T15:03:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-07-11T15:10:44 * avtar joined the channel
2017-07-11T15:21:00 * pratik_r has quit
2017-07-11T15:26:27 <simonjb> jhung: is this the repo for the FLOE project site? https://github.com/fluid-project/floeproject.org
2017-07-11T15:30:17 <gtirloni> simonjb: that\'s it
2017-07-11T15:30:45 <simonjb> great, thanks gtirloni
2017-07-11T15:34:36 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-07-11T15:39:43 * clown has quit
2017-07-11T15:40:08 * clown joined the channel
2017-07-11T15:46:45 * michelled joined the channel
2017-07-11T15:48:45 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-07-11T16:00:38 * michelled has quit
2017-07-11T16:08:14 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-11T16:37:47 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-07-11T16:46:19 <cindyli> Bosmon, Bosmon7, would you have time later today to chat with simonjb and I to figure out a document structure issue for saving data for different GPII use cases?
2017-07-11T16:51:35 <Bosmon> cindyli - sure
2017-07-11T16:52:33 <cindyli> Bosmon: what time is good for u?
2017-07-11T16:52:44 <Bosmon> Well, I could do nowish ?
2017-07-11T16:53:38 <cindyli> simonjb: is it good to meet now again? if you guys don\'t mind i\'m eating
2017-07-11T16:53:53 <Bosmon> I could do a bit later
2017-07-11T16:54:18 <simonjb> I\'m good any time
2017-07-11T16:54:48 <cindyli> Bosmon: that\'s ok, you don\'t see me eating anyway
2017-07-11T16:54:59 <cindyli> Bosmon, simonjb: in my vidyo roo?
2017-07-11T16:55:08 * danayo joined the channel
2017-07-11T16:55:56 <simonjb> cindyli: I see it as locked
2017-07-11T16:56:17 <cindyli> right, unlocked, simonjb
2017-07-11T16:57:43 <cindyli> Bosmon: https://pad.gpii.net/p/discussion-on-auth-documents-kl34nur
2017-07-11T17:02:58 <jhung> ping Justin_o.
2017-07-11T17:16:53 * avtar joined the channel
2017-07-11T17:18:32 * michelled joined the channel
2017-07-11T17:32:09 <Justin_o> jhung: hello
2017-07-11T17:35:33 <jhung> nevermind Justin_o. I figured it out. :)
2017-07-11T17:53:29 * Justin_o jhung: okay, that\'s good
2017-07-11T17:53:37 <Justin_o> don\'t know what i just did there
2017-07-11T17:57:44 <jhung> Justin_o: lol You added some emphasis. It\'s not just okay, it\'s good. :)
2017-07-11T17:57:58 <Justin_o> lol
2017-07-11T18:14:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-07-11T18:15:43 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-07-11T18:18:54 * gtirloni has quit
2017-07-11T18:20:03 <the-t-in-rtf> @alanharn_ and others, a friend just shared this with me: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/tactile-atlas-switzerland-anna-vetter
2017-07-11T18:21:16 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: that\'s cool, we had a community meeting a month or so ago with something similar for the iOS interface
2017-07-11T18:22:08 <the-t-in-rtf> This is paper, do you mean one of the tactile overlays?
2017-07-11T18:22:27 <the-t-in-rtf> Like the tactus offerring?
2017-07-11T18:22:57 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: it was also paper based
2017-07-11T18:23:21 <the-t-in-rtf> interesting.
2017-07-11T18:23:28 <the-t-in-rtf> What was the feedback like?
2017-07-11T18:23:52 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: here\'s a link http://www.ihabilitation.com/product/feelnsee-screenshots/
2017-07-11T18:25:11 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: seemed that people were learning well with it. Part of it was to improve their ability to find things specially and by touch, instead of relying on swiping through the interface elements
2017-07-11T18:26:32 <the-t-in-rtf> "HTTP Error 403.6 - Forbidden
2017-07-11T18:26:32 <the-t-in-rtf> The IP address from which you are browsing is not permitted to access the requested Web site.
2017-07-11T18:26:32 <the-t-in-rtf> "
2017-07-11T18:26:41 <the-t-in-rtf> Terrible.
2017-07-11T18:27:04 <the-t-in-rtf> (that behavior, not your project)
2017-07-11T18:27:32 <Justin_o> that\'s strange, i wonder if it was cached for me
2017-07-11T18:27:45 <Justin_o> are you able to access this page http://www.ihabilitation.com
2017-07-11T18:28:57 <the-t-in-rtf> nope.
2017-07-11T18:29:04 <Justin_o> :( that\'s too bad
2017-07-11T18:29:20 <Justin_o> not sure what\'s wrong, hopefully they have that back up soon.
2017-07-11T18:29:46 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'d contact them, but even their contact details are geoblocked.
2017-07-11T18:30:59 <the-t-in-rtf> Apparently I can do it if I set Opera\'s VPN to use a Canadian server.
2017-07-11T18:31:15 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: funny, the site won\'t open for me now
2017-07-11T18:32:58 <the-t-in-rtf> It did eventually load for me with the VPN, although it\'s not the fastest.
2017-07-11T18:33:06 <the-t-in-rtf> Maybe they can only handle one customer at a time.
2017-07-11T18:33:40 <the-t-in-rtf> It does seem like an interesting idea.  I understand why someone might only sell in a particular market, but it seems a bit heavy-handed not even to show the information to anyone else.
2017-07-11T18:35:12 <the-t-in-rtf> Oh, it\'s down for me now as well.
2017-07-11T18:35:50 <the-t-in-rtf> up again.
2017-07-11T18:42:49 * mrtyler has quit
2017-07-11T18:57:35 * stegru has quit
2017-07-11T19:01:37 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i wonder if they are having problems with the host, it didn\'t seem like they wanted to limit it by region. or at least they didn\'t indicate that at all
2017-07-11T19:04:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-07-11T19:07:54 <the-t-in-rtf> could be.
2017-07-11T19:19:43 <the-t-in-rtf> But I saw two errors, one a cloudflare one (load or the like?) the other specifically about my IP address.
2017-07-11T19:19:53 <the-t-in-rtf> You probably didn\'t see the IP address specific one.
2017-07-11T19:20:08 <the-t-in-rtf> I only get the other error if I use a VPN from Canada.
2017-07-11T19:20:33 <the-t-in-rtf> The IP address one is an IIS error message and not anything from an upstream provider.
2017-07-11T19:30:03 * stegru joined the channel
2017-07-11T19:36:48 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: ah i see.. maybe it\'s related to fulfilment then, but i\'d still want people to be able to view my site,  even if they couldn\'t ship to me
2017-07-11T19:37:05 <the-t-in-rtf> yeah, right?
2017-07-11T19:37:19 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, I routinely buy stuff from overseas for people who live in Canada and the U.S.
2017-07-11T19:37:34 <the-t-in-rtf> guess it\'s a small market, but it\'s free marketing for them if they do decide to expand.
2017-07-11T19:43:55 <cindyli> colinclark, michelled: simonjb, Bosmon and I talked about the unique type values to identify each GPII use case in couchDB documents. We\'d like to run those values with you to see if you are happy with them or have better names. These values are at line 177-186 at https://pad.gpii.net/p/discussion-on-auth-documents-kl34nur
2017-07-11T19:45:03 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: yes, exactly
2017-07-11T19:45:10 <Justin_o> cindyli: do you have time to look at this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/835
2017-07-11T19:45:20 <Justin_o> i found some areas where I missed updating the class names
2017-07-11T19:45:29 <Justin_o> and it\'s causing a bug
2017-07-11T19:46:10 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2017-07-11T19:46:24 <Justin_o> thanks, it should be a quick one
2017-07-11T19:49:57 <colinclark> cindyli: Those names seem pretty sensible to me
2017-07-11T19:50:15 <colinclark> Which of this will the "Sticky PCP" be?
2017-07-11T19:50:20 <colinclark> Which of these, sorry
2017-07-11T19:51:00 <cindyli> colinclark: we thought PCP is going to talk to the local flow manager via electron IPC
2017-07-11T19:51:20 <cindyli> so it would still be local flow managers communicating with GPII cloud
2017-07-11T19:51:28 <colinclark> What\'s the rationale?
2017-07-11T19:52:29 <cindyli> colinclark: isn\'t that what we talked last Dec at washington face to face?
2017-07-11T19:52:42 <colinclark> We might have :)
2017-07-11T19:52:50 <colinclark> Remind me of the reasoning :)
2017-07-11T19:53:13 * pratik_r has quit
2017-07-11T19:53:20 * pratik_r joined the channel
2017-07-11T19:57:28 * pratik_r has quit
2017-07-11T19:58:25 <cindyli> colinclark: well, i would expect someone who told me that to explain the reasoning. ;) the only reason i can think of is PCP will be a part of the electron app installation with which the local flow manager would be the one to talk to the cloud.
2017-07-11T19:58:42 <cindyli> this reason apparently is not supportive enough
'

