b'2017-10-18T16:00:16 <the-t-in-rtf> Who\'s setting up the call today?
2017-10-18T16:01:52 <the-t-in-rtf> @kasparnet? @michelled?
2017-10-18T16:01:54 <the-t-in-rtf> ^^^
2017-10-18T16:02:33 <clown> is there an architecture meeting?  cindyli is already in some other GPII meeting right now.
2017-10-18T16:02:41 * clown conneting anyway.
2017-10-18T16:03:05 <cindyli> yes, everyone is coming to the arch
2017-10-18T16:03:18 <clown> even Elvis?
2017-10-18T16:03:54 <stegru> i\'ll ping him
2017-10-18T16:13:52 <clown> stegru, and \xe2\x80\xa6 ?
2017-10-18T16:14:22 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no, it would not need to be a model component
2017-10-18T16:14:43 <stegru> couldn\'t get through, clown... it said "return to sender"
2017-10-18T16:15:01 <stegru> i\'ll get my coat
2017-10-18T16:15:05 <Bosmon> 2) that sounds correct, was it a question?
2017-10-18T16:15:09 <Bosmon> Very good, stegru :)
2017-10-18T16:15:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: regarding 2) i wanted to validate my understanding.
2017-10-18T16:16:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so need to think of how/when to share the state of the promise for debouncing
2017-10-18T16:17:42 <clown> stegru, he\'s left the building.
2017-10-18T16:21:39 * avtar joined the channel
2017-10-18T16:39:30 <jhung> Justin_o: I made a comment to the FLUID-5534 PR.
2017-10-18T16:39:36 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-10-18T16:41:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes - I think this is where some ideas/impl from your long-mothballed branch will be useful
2017-10-18T16:42:00 <Bosmon> We will need to keep some stuff stashed in some scoped queues
2017-10-18T16:42:08 * alanharnum has quit
2017-10-18T16:42:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T16:46:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i\'ll look over that again
2017-10-18T16:50:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T17:12:31 * danailbd_ has quit
2017-10-18T17:13:56 * kasparnet has quit
2017-10-18T17:15:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-10-18T17:21:37 * kasparnet has quit
2017-10-18T17:21:41 * simonjb has quit
2017-10-18T17:33:11 * cindyli has quit
2017-10-18T17:38:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T17:42:02 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-18T17:49:49 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-18T17:50:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:01:14 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-18T18:12:20 * alanharnum has quit
2017-10-18T18:14:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:16:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:17:19 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:19:07 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:25:15 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:26:09 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-18T18:28:27 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting we\'ll be discussing "The Development and Evaluation of a Crowdsourced Mobile Application for Rating the Age-Friendliness of Communities"
2017-10-18T18:31:59 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:32:19 * simonjb has quit
2017-10-18T18:34:31 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:34:31 * cindyli has quit
2017-10-18T18:35:22 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-18T18:36:56 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:38:12 * michelled has quit
2017-10-18T18:45:19 * stegru has quit
2017-10-18T18:46:01 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:57:56 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:58:41 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-18T18:59:30 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-18T19:00:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-18T19:01:12 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-18T19:02:38 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-18T19:03:11 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: Sorry, i forgot to send out the meeting notes wiki page https://wiki.fluidproject.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=146342000
2017-10-18T19:03:19 <Justin_o> please feel free to add your notes to that wiki page
2017-10-18T19:26:45 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2017-10-18T19:29:28 * colinclark_ is now known as colinclark
2017-10-18T19:31:18 * colinclark has quit
2017-10-18T19:43:02 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-18T19:45:08 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-18T19:51:40 <ussjoin> Ruh roh, looks like "universal-node-production-tests" crashed because "no space left on device".
2017-10-18T19:52:24 <ussjoin> Anyone happen to have the access to go clear out stuff on that machine? (I\'d be happy to, but I don\'t have the access.)
2017-10-18T20:01:37 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-18T20:04:11 <cindyli> gtirloni: r u still the right person that I can ping for a CI failure on a universal repo pull request?
2017-10-18T20:07:24 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-18T20:13:27 * clown has quit
2017-10-18T20:15:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-18T20:17:47 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-18T20:18:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T20:20:20 * jhung has quit
2017-10-18T20:20:30 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-18T20:26:35 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-18T20:36:55 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-18T20:40:12 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-18T20:45:10 * cindyli has quit
2017-10-18T20:50:14 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-18T20:51:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T20:59:28 <ussjoin> Hey---who posted as ci@lists.gpii.net to the ci list? mrtyler?
2017-10-18T21:00:08 <ussjoin> "This was me, trying to kick off a new build. Apparently I can\'t do that directly." has high degrees of hilarity when coming from, apparently, the mailing list itself. I am *assuming* that we didn\'t create a mailman-based Skynet, but hey, you never know....
2017-10-18T21:06:26 <mrtyler> yes that was me
2017-10-18T21:06:32 <mrtyler> it came through as ci@? lulz
2017-10-18T21:07:04 <mrtyler> ussjoin:
2017-10-18T21:07:22 <ussjoin> It did! I\'ll send you screenshots momentarily so you can share in my lulz. :-)
2017-10-18T21:22:15 * amatas has quit
2017-10-18T21:35:09 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-18T21:51:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T21:56:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T21:57:27 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-18T22:24:35 * stegru has quit
2017-10-18T22:43:29 * Justin_o has quit
2017-10-18T22:44:07 * gtirloni has quit
2017-10-18T22:56:52 * grrrero has quit
2017-10-18T23:45:40 * michelled joined the channel
'

b'2017-10-18T00:31:41 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-18T05:11:22 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-18T05:37:11 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-18T07:18:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-18T07:37:19 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-10-18T07:42:04 * amatas joined the channel
2017-10-18T07:55:30 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-18T08:42:04 * stegru joined the channel
2017-10-18T09:07:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-10-18T09:07:50 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-18T09:47:23 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-18T09:49:28 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-10-18T09:58:57 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-10-18T10:03:52 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! I have a follow-up question regarding your conversation with Danail from yesterday about the expansion of component\'s options. I was wondering what would be the best moment to apply the fluid.expandOptions function. I was thinking to do that in an onCreate listener but there is an issue with that - the child components will already have been created at the point when
2017-10-18T10:03:52 <georgitodorov> this onCreate listener is called. I need the options to be expanded before any subcomponents start initializing (similarly to how the model gets expanded). Is there an easy way to do this?
2017-10-18T10:04:25 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - well, ye
2017-10-18T10:04:26 <Bosmon> s
2017-10-18T10:04:37 <Bosmon> Ironically, you could write fluid.expandOptions in an expander attached to the component : P
2017-10-18T10:05:06 <Bosmon> This is all getting very LISP-y, which is exactly what we hoped to avoid in Infusion
2017-10-18T10:05:31 <Bosmon> But I guess some designs just are like that ....
2017-10-18T10:06:13 <Bosmon> e.g. you could write @expand:fluid.expandOptions({your reference}, {that})
2017-10-18T10:06:25 <Bosmon> I\'ve never seen anyone write such a thing, but I don\'t see any reason why it shouldn\'t work : P
2017-10-18T10:07:36 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I wrote something like attrs: "@expand:fluid.expandOptions({that}.options.attrs, {that})" but it complained about the circular reference. I moved it to a separate function and it was ok
2017-10-18T10:08:00 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - that\'s interesting
2017-10-18T10:08:02 <georgitodorov> But it seems that at the point when the expander is evaluated, the {that}.options.attrs reference is undefined
2017-10-18T10:08:12 <Bosmon> Oh yes, that\'s right
2017-10-18T10:08:58 <Bosmon> The problem should more be the 2nd argument rather than the first
2017-10-18T10:09:25 <georgitodorov> If I put the property in the `members` object, everything is expanded correctly
2017-10-18T10:09:26 <Bosmon> There had been an idea that "arguments to expanders should be fully evaluated"
2017-10-18T10:09:41 <Bosmon> But this situation clearly shows that this is not always helpful
2017-10-18T10:10:02 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - could you check in a version of the code showing the circular reference problem?
2017-10-18T10:10:06 <Bosmon> I\'d be interested to look at it
2017-10-18T10:10:54 <Bosmon> Oh wait
2017-10-18T10:10:59 <Bosmon> You write "attrs" itself like that
2017-10-18T10:11:10 <Bosmon> Clearly that *is* a circular reference, if it was the component\'s own attrs
2017-10-18T10:11:21 <Bosmon> Each component option is evaluated only once
2017-10-18T10:11:30 <Bosmon> So you can\'t refer to your own options path from within an expander
2017-10-18T10:12:51 <Bosmon> But you should be able to make a reference to the attrs field held inside the exemplar just fine
2017-10-18T10:13:11 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I see. Let me try this out.
2017-10-18T10:13:19 <Bosmon> I think this design would end up neater if the exemplar were attached to the resulting instance in some way
2017-10-18T10:13:40 <Bosmon> dandimitrov decided against inheriting from it directly last night, which I think was a reasonable design decision
2017-10-18T10:14:10 <Bosmon> But there\'s no reason why you can\'t keep a "standard instance" of each exemplar which you then inject as a subcomponent, or else simply instantiate a fresh exemplar as a subcomponent
2017-10-18T10:14:25 <Bosmon> Then you can just refer to any material you need from it by direct reference rather than having to ship it around everywhere
2017-10-18T10:16:07 <Bosmon> We should get together soon and see if we can put together some ideas for streamlining this design
2017-10-18T10:16:49 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: my general idea was to have, let\'s call them "singleton" exemplar objects, as they represent a static configuration. And just use then as plain objects when needed...
2017-10-18T10:17:04 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - yes, I think that is a good idea
2017-10-18T10:17:43 <dandimitrov> But, it seems it will cause problems so we\'ll need to apply changes to the general idea...
2017-10-18T10:17:51 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - what kind of problems?
2017-10-18T10:18:14 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: This expansion problem?
2017-10-18T10:18:39 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - right, but I think we will get around that
2017-10-18T10:18:47 <Bosmon> I think some variety of this expansion problem is coming in any design
2017-10-18T10:22:28 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: We can meet tomorrow or the day after for a short discussion on this topic?
2017-10-18T10:22:38 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - tomorrow is good for me
2017-10-18T10:22:41 <Bosmon> What time works for you?
2017-10-18T10:25:56 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: How about 13:00 UTC+3 (our local time)?
2017-10-18T10:27:03 <Bosmon> Ok so 12:00 my time, that\'s good
2017-10-18T10:27:38 <Bosmon> See you then
2017-10-18T10:51:00 * danailbd_ joined the channel
2017-10-18T10:51:00 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-10-18T10:53:49 * danailbd__ joined the channel
2017-10-18T10:56:03 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-18T10:56:29 * danailbd_ has quit
2017-10-18T10:56:43 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-18T11:01:39 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-18T11:14:10 <kasparnet> hey Bosmon
2017-10-18T11:14:27 <kasparnet> do we have an example of the update-payload coming from the PCP?
2017-10-18T12:23:52 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-10-18T12:27:39 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-10-18T12:32:17 * jhung joined the channel
2017-10-18T12:37:23 * jessm joined the channel
2017-10-18T12:51:57 * danailbd_ joined the channel
2017-10-18T12:51:57 * danailbd__ has quit
2017-10-18T12:51:58 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-18T12:54:08 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-10-18T13:05:20 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-18T13:06:34 <Bosmon> kasparnet - no, but you can assume that that method I sent you will simply send you a full document in the format of "preferences"
2017-10-18T13:10:46 <kasparnet> Bosmon, like that of a users preferences set? (i.e. keyed by flat, context, applicationID, etc)
2017-10-18T13:14:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-18T13:18:58 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-18T13:21:25 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-18T13:22:47 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-18T13:26:25 <grrrero> Justin_o: You mentioned updating the UIO Infusion build off of master?
2017-10-18T13:27:20 <Justin_o> grrrero: for FLOE-508 and SJRK
2017-10-18T13:27:27 <Justin_o> website
2017-10-18T13:27:30 <grrrero> Justin_o: Yeah
2017-10-18T13:29:54 <grrrero> I think I created the custom build I used for FLOE-508 not from the master branch
2017-10-18T13:32:17 * javjarfer has quit
2017-10-18T13:33:48 <grrrero> The clickable arrows merged into master now right?
2017-10-18T13:33:51 <grrrero> Justin_o
2017-10-18T13:34:18 <Justin_o> grrrero: yes, they have been merged, you should be able to create a new custom build off of master to get all of those changes now.
2017-10-18T13:35:35 <grrrero> Justin_o: Ok cool
2017-10-18T13:40:56 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-18T13:55:13 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2017-10-18T13:57:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-18T14:00:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-18T14:04:02 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-10-18T14:19:38 <kasparnet> ping Bosmon
2017-10-18T14:23:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-18T14:26:19 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-10-18T14:33:28 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-18T14:40:19 <Justin_o> jhung: would you be able to review this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/floeproject.org/pull/60
2017-10-18T14:42:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-18T14:48:12 <jhung> Justin_o: right. I was starting to look at that yesterday before I was called away.
2017-10-18T14:48:22 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2017-10-18T15:03:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T15:04:22 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-18T15:10:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you have some time to talk about debouncing get/set in the datasource
2017-10-18T15:10:38 <Bosmon> Justin_o - not for a while, in a meeting now and then another
2017-10-18T15:10:54 <Bosmon> I could answer some questions here in an inattentive kind of way : P
2017-10-18T15:11:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks.. I probably won\'t be free for the rest of the day because of meetings.
2017-10-18T15:12:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i have the datasource base grade written up.. https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6209/src/framework/core/js/DataSource.js
2017-10-18T15:12:38 <Justin_o> i\'m going to look at adding debounce to that
2017-10-18T15:13:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok
2017-10-18T15:13:16 <Justin_o> so a few question 1) should the datasource always debounce, or should we have separate grades for debouncing read and write, and ones that don\'t
2017-10-18T15:13:29 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well of course it shouldn\'t always debounce :)
2017-10-18T15:13:32 <Bosmon> That would be terrible
2017-10-18T15:13:50 <Justin_o> 2) looking at your comment here https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-work/2017-10-10/?msg=92131589&page=1
2017-10-18T15:14:24 <Justin_o> I\'m not actually sure how to implement something like that with the current fluid.debounce that I pulled out of node-jqunit
2017-10-18T15:14:57 <Justin_o> that returns a function, and will prevent the passed in function from executing more than once.
2017-10-18T15:15:22 <Justin_o> in a given timeframe
2017-10-18T15:17:23 * clown joined the channel
2017-10-18T15:17:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i wonder if i could pass in a promise to the debounced function, and use the fluid.promise.follow to link it with the one used in executing the fluid.promise.fireTransformEvent in the get and set
2017-10-18T15:19:08 <Justin_o> the thing is i have to make sure i\'m calling the same function that is returned from fluid.debounce everytime
2017-10-18T15:24:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no, that will make a mess
2017-10-18T15:24:13 <Bosmon> The point is that the debounce algorithm will just be another listener in the promise chain
2017-10-18T15:24:27 <Bosmon> Otherwise we get no benefits from this architectural arrangement ....
2017-10-18T15:25:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: by the promise chain, you mean the onRead/onWrite listeners?
2017-10-18T15:25:06 <Bosmon> But yes, it needs access to some kind of shared state, otherwise it can\'t know whether the queue is blocked or not
2017-10-18T15:25:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, those
2017-10-18T15:25:19 <Bosmon> All that "the debounce grade" is, is a grade holding another listener
2017-10-18T15:26:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m not sure how that would work, wouldn\'t multiple calls to get/set start different chains of events
2017-10-18T15:27:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are you thinking that somehow all those chains will essentially merge at the debounce listener, which blocks and returns the same promise out to all subsequent listeners in their respective chains?
2017-10-18T15:30:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-10-18T15:30:40 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, they do start different chains of events
2017-10-18T15:30:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, exactly
2017-10-18T15:30:49 * danayo has quit
2017-10-18T15:30:50 <Bosmon> The debounce listener will end up crosslinking some of them
2017-10-18T15:31:21 <Bosmon> Last week we were discussing whether it would do this either "cheaply" by just returning the same promise, or returning fresh chained promises
2017-10-18T15:33:18 * alanharnum has quit
2017-10-18T15:33:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T15:34:56 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-10-18T15:37:43 * yuriy__ has quit
2017-10-18T15:38:09 * alanharnum has quit
2017-10-18T15:41:19 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-18T15:46:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-18T15:46:09 * danayo joined the channel
2017-10-18T15:48:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-10-18T15:48:46 * danayo has quit
2017-10-18T15:55:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: wondering if i\'ll need to make the "debounce grade" a modelComponent, 2) the result of "crosslinking" promises is that we\'ll still have all the original things handle the resolve, but they\'ll all have the same value so things should be okay
2017-10-18T15:59:56 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
'

