b"2017-08-31T18:33:49 <Bosmon> ah I see
2017-08-31T18:34:09 <stegru> i don't know about struct - it works as it is
2017-08-31T18:38:59 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2017-08-31T18:47:28 * javjarfer has quit
2017-08-31T18:54:17 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2017-08-31T18:55:19 * kasparnet has quit
2017-08-31T18:56:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry, catching up from our previous conversation. Do you think there may be more manipulation needed. I suppose maybe a class name or something but typically most of that is held in the panels template, or we could require that it is i guess.
2017-08-31T18:56:26 <Justin_o> although to that end, a component could do other manipulation to its own container anyways
2017-08-31T19:07:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-08-31T19:12:01 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-08-31T19:19:32 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-08-31T19:25:41 * alanharnum2 has quit
2017-08-31T19:43:26 * kasparnet has quit
2017-08-31T19:45:24 <michelled> jhung: did UIO get integrated into the new default themes in pressbooks?
2017-08-31T20:12:41 <jhung> michelled: the test server I have been using doesn't have it. I'm checking their github repo now...
2017-08-31T20:26:37 <Bosmon> Hi there michelled - so I've issued this pull with updated dependencies, etc.
2017-08-31T20:26:38 <Bosmon> https://github.com/michelled/gpii-app/pull/6
2017-08-31T20:26:57 <Bosmon> The tests don't pass, but I think they are now about as good as they were
2017-08-31T20:26:59 <jhung> michelled: I looked in their repo and I don't see anything. I'll ping their channel and see how we can help.
2017-08-31T20:27:23 <Bosmon> The remaining problem is the test hang due to the app's onCreate not firing, but I think we had discussed the ways of solving that
2017-08-31T20:27:42 <michelled> yes, with a promise
2017-08-31T20:28:05 <michelled> thanks, Bosmon!
2017-08-31T20:28:16 <michelled> cool, thx jhung
2017-08-31T20:28:26 <Bosmon> I've updated all the relevant branches - that is, there are updated to infusion, node-jqunit, kettle, universal and windows
2017-08-31T20:28:27 <jhung> michelled: it looks like they're still working on it. Justin_o helped hugh and ned with some questions this morning.
2017-08-31T20:33:18 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-08-31T20:35:04 <Bosmon> Justin_o - my fix for includes of model transformations is in trunk of universal so you can update now
2017-08-31T20:39:36 * jhung has quit
2017-08-31T21:04:13 * clown has quit
2017-08-31T21:23:43 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-08-31T21:42:38 * alanharnum has quit
2017-08-31T21:46:01 * michelled has quit
2017-08-31T22:15:29 * stegru has quit
2017-08-31T22:16:48 * Jess_ has quit
2017-08-31T22:34:07 * Justin_o has quit
2017-08-31T22:34:34 * avtar has quit
2017-08-31T22:35:09 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-08-31T22:58:39 * javjarfer has quit
2017-08-31T23:18:43 * grrrero has quit
2017-08-31T23:28:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-31T23:35:11 * alanharnum has quit
"

b'2017-08-31T15:15:35 <Bosmon> Also - could you start to keep full records of which commit hashes etc. you are using for builds
2017-08-31T15:15:42 <kasparnet> "first pass" meaning: totally-awesome-and-for-sure-working-now-and-forever
2017-08-31T15:15:50 <kasparnet> hey Javi
2017-08-31T15:15:52 <Bosmon> In fact we should really be rolling proper dev releases of all of these projects now
2017-08-31T15:15:52 <jhernandez> kasparnet: haha
2017-08-31T15:15:55 <kasparnet> welcome back
2017-08-31T15:16:03 <jhernandez> hey K, thanks!
2017-08-31T15:16:11 <Bosmon> kasparnet - wouldn\'t you like to fix the preferences duplication issue properly? : P
2017-08-31T15:16:16 <Bosmon> I know we have a huge amount going on now
2017-08-31T15:16:32 <kasparnet> yeah, I probably should
2017-08-31T15:16:39 <kasparnet> that\'s a hugely horrific issue
2017-08-31T15:16:48 <jhernandez> Bosmon: yeah, it\'s a good opportunity to start releasing the proper way
2017-08-31T15:17:10 <Bosmon> jhernandez - in fact our logs and metrics gathering etc. depend on us making a proper release
2017-08-31T15:17:17 <Bosmon> So we should really do this before the pilots begin
2017-08-31T15:17:23 <kasparnet> Bosmon: Not sure where to do it though... Would it be a kettle patch, searching all subfolders?
2017-08-31T15:17:25 <Bosmon> The main work is renaming all our projects
2017-08-31T15:17:42 <jhernandez> in fact, it would be great if we can start including some kind of "about section" in gpii-app to easily find out what version of gpii-app you\'re using
2017-08-31T15:17:58 <Bosmon> kasparnet - yeah, you\'ll have to make a new kind of DataSource - it can just build up an index of paths when it starts up
2017-08-31T15:18:15 <Bosmon> We will need to rename universal to gpii-universal, windows to gpii-windows, etc.
2017-08-31T15:18:25 <Bosmon> So it will be a big diff, but not very complex
2017-08-31T15:18:53 <Bosmon> I guess a lot of directory names will change too though
2017-08-31T15:18:54 <jhernandez> Bosmon: okay, renaming repos, it "shouldn\'t" be that complex
2017-08-31T15:18:58 <Bosmon> So I guess it will mean a change to build scripts
2017-08-31T15:19:13 <Bosmon> jhernandez - in theory we could keep the same repo names
2017-08-31T15:19:18 <Bosmon> Perhaps that will make things easier
2017-08-31T15:19:23 <jhernandez> yeah, build scripts, references, etc
2017-08-31T15:19:28 <Bosmon> We just need to rename i) things in package.json ii) require statements
2017-08-31T15:19:43 <jhernandez> and yes, "in theory" we should be able to keep the names
2017-08-31T15:19:50 <Bosmon> yes
2017-08-31T15:19:58 <Bosmon> in theory : P
2017-08-31T15:20:06 <jhernandez> is there a JIRA of this?
2017-08-31T15:20:15 <Bosmon> It\'s quite possible though that we have some script somewhere which depends on a coincidence of npm and git names
2017-08-31T15:20:20 <Bosmon> jhernandez yes, let me find it
2017-08-31T15:31:09 <Bosmon> Somehow I am not finding it :(
2017-08-31T15:37:02 <Bosmon> jhernandez - I wrote up https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2568
2017-08-31T15:38:33 <jhernandez> Bosmon: okay, thanks!!
2017-08-31T15:47:49 <stegru> jhernandez: :*
2017-08-31T15:48:30 <jhernandez> stegru: I missed you! :*
2017-08-31T15:48:31 <stegru> Bosmon: yes, I said the same as you to Gregg about the encrypting thing.. that was his response
2017-08-31T15:49:44 <Bosmon> stegru - what was his response?
2017-08-31T15:50:28 <stegru> the response i gave you in the jira - sorry, it was live in my head
2017-08-31T15:50:56 <Bosmon> ah ok
2017-08-31T15:51:09 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-08-31T15:52:09 <stegru> we (me and amatas) had a meeting about the metrics.. there\'s a lot of bureaucracy about how this stuff is stored
2017-08-31T15:52:13 <Justin_o> kasparnet, Bosmon: my PR failed CI tests, but the errors don\'t look related to my code. I\'m wondering if there is 1) something wrong with CI 2) I upgraded to the latest infusion and it may have caused the failures
2017-08-31T15:52:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - which PR failed?
2017-08-31T15:52:29 <Justin_o> also, what\'s the best way to determine these things, the tests I ran locally had passed
2017-08-31T15:52:35 <Justin_o> GPII-2501
2017-08-31T15:52:42 <kasparnet> I can try starting it again
2017-08-31T15:52:58 <Justin_o> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/539#issuecomment-326314715
2017-08-31T15:53:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2017-08-31T15:53:09 <kasparnet> ... actually, I guess we\'ll find out with antranigs latest pull
2017-08-31T15:53:09 <Justin_o> kasparnet: thanks
2017-08-31T15:53:18 <kasparnet> since it looks like he updated infusion as well
2017-08-31T15:53:39 <Justin_o> ah okay
2017-08-31T15:53:47 <Bosmon> Justin_o - your failure is the same one that the-t-in-rtf fixed in his pull
2017-08-31T15:53:56 <Bosmon> It\'s a missing include that has always been missing
2017-08-31T15:54:11 <Bosmon> The failure is simplly random
2017-08-31T15:54:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :( should i apply that fix to my PR as well, or will the-t-in-rtf fix go in soon?
2017-08-31T15:55:22 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I may as well do it now in my pull 546
2017-08-31T15:55:28 <Bosmon> Since in theory that will be the next one to go in
2017-08-31T15:55:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay thanks
2017-08-31T15:55:57 <Justin_o> please let me know when that\'s in and I\'ll update mine from master
2017-08-31T15:56:06 <Bosmon> I will
2017-08-31T15:56:09 <Justin_o> thanks
2017-08-31T15:56:13 <Bosmon> I imagine it takes 20 minutes or so to run CI etc.
2017-08-31T15:56:29 * cindyli has quit
2017-08-31T15:59:13 <Bosmon> kasparnet - I guess we can close https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/533 , right?
2017-08-31T16:00:46 <kasparnet> hmmm... not sure - it looks like it hasn\'t been merged: https://github.com/fluid-project/kettle/pull/36
2017-08-31T16:00:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m looking over Danail\'s e-mail to fluid-work.. are they going to use view or renderer components for the adjusters?
2017-08-31T16:00:57 <kasparnet> so i guess it\'s still an issue
2017-08-31T16:02:27 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I guess I\'m still not completely clear what to recommend to them
2017-08-31T16:02:47 <Bosmon> I think there\'s too much complexity in a fluid.prefs.panel to want to get any more users of that
2017-08-31T16:03:45 <Justin_o> top level panels probably aren\'t too bad, but the composite and sub panels may be confusing
2017-08-31T16:04:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that\'s right, yes
2017-08-31T16:05:04 <Bosmon> But the problem is that a top level panel expects its markup is in the document already
2017-08-31T16:05:14 <Bosmon> And so doesn\'t really help them with their markup generation problem
2017-08-31T16:05:31 <Bosmon> kasparnet - horrific, I was sure I had merged that "in my mind"
2017-08-31T16:05:48 <Bosmon> Let me do that now
2017-08-31T16:05:52 <Justin_o> does it? I think it expects it loaded already by the template loader, but i think it gets injected still
2017-08-31T16:05:53 <kasparnet> hehe
2017-08-31T16:05:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2017-08-31T16:06:01 <Bosmon> Given properly we need a kettle update anyway
2017-08-31T16:06:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - its container node in the document must exist already
2017-08-31T16:06:21 <Bosmon> As with every standard viewComponent
2017-08-31T16:06:25 * avtar joined the channel
2017-08-31T16:06:34 <Bosmon> As has been screwed up in the framework since the beginning of time
2017-08-31T16:07:10 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I guess we could just override the listener which is in it
2017-08-31T16:07:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, it does need the container there
2017-08-31T16:07:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: which one
2017-08-31T16:07:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - this one:             "onCreate.onDomBind": "{that}.events.onDomBind"
2017-08-31T16:08:13 <Bosmon> And we could make a variant grade which behaves like a subpanel to the extent that it has an "afterRender" lifecycle point
2017-08-31T16:09:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I guess the only strictly unncessary complexity in subPanel is "rules:"
2017-08-31T16:09:44 <Bosmon> Although interestingly this is something that the ASTEA team need something like as well
2017-08-31T16:10:02 <Bosmon> But I think we would want to do this by some more modern means
2017-08-31T16:10:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah, most of this stuff is old
2017-08-31T16:10:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-08-31T16:11:36 * michelled joined the channel
2017-08-31T16:19:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - one possibility would be to make a variant panel grade which is one of these: https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/client/js/ViewComponentSupport.js#L43
2017-08-31T16:19:37 <Bosmon> This is possible with the current framework
2017-08-31T16:20:10 <Bosmon> But that would mean abandoning the use of the renderer, which isn\'t tested with this new hierarchy
2017-08-31T16:20:29 <Bosmon> This "fluid.newViewComponent" is a lot more similar to the way the future framework will work
2017-08-31T16:20:48 <Bosmon> And incorporates the onDomBind event into the core which we currently only have in fluid.prefs.subPanel
2017-08-31T16:20:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how far out are we on the future framework?
2017-08-31T16:21:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no further than we were 3 months ago
2017-08-31T16:21:15 <Bosmon> I\'ve been swamped with other tasks
2017-08-31T16:23:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, so the untested part would be using the newViewCopmonent alongside a rendererComponent?
2017-08-31T16:23:58 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, which I think is a non-starter
2017-08-31T16:24:05 <Bosmon> The Astea team need something which will definitely work TOMORROW :)
2017-08-31T16:26:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are they using the grade version of the the prefs framework or schema
2017-08-31T16:28:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i suppose what they want is a component that creates it\'s own container and removes it when the component is destroyed
2017-08-31T16:28:20 <Justin_o> that is, it rebinds it\'s container after initialization i guess.
2017-08-31T16:28:30 <Justin_o> which i see is why you want to use the onDomBind event
2017-08-31T16:28:32 <Justin_o> is that correct
2017-08-31T16:30:40 * amatas has quit
2017-08-31T16:32:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: If they are using dynamic component, i wonder part of the thing that triggers the event to create an adjuster would just do the injections via jQuery of the markup, give it a unique id, and then pass this along in the event to use as the container.
2017-08-31T16:32:35 <Justin_o> and then when onDestory is fired, it can remove it\'s container
2017-08-31T16:37:52 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, this is possible - it\'s basically how the "fluid authoring" components work
2017-08-31T16:38:12 <Bosmon> But this does indeed involve bypassing the renderer
2017-08-31T16:38:36 <Bosmon> And assumes that all the markup manipulation which is required is to generate an id
2017-08-31T16:53:01 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-08-31T16:53:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-31T17:07:32 <michelled> Bosmon: now that your changes are in, am I good to use these dependencies? or is there something else I should wait for?     "infusion": "3.0.0-dev.20170830T182157Z.392b2f8",
2017-08-31T17:07:32 <michelled> "node-jqunit": "git://github.com/fluid-project/node-jqunit#4d8d42c691a9082e9f0a9e1fc46ed1ffa3fbe535"
2017-08-31T17:13:25 <Bosmon> michelled - best to hold off for a while, I\'ve run into a problem trying to upgrade kettle
2017-08-31T17:13:39 <Bosmon> Hopefully shouldn\'t take me too long
2017-08-31T17:13:48 <Bosmon> michelled - where on earth did you get that node-jqunit git hash from?
2017-08-31T17:14:23 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-08-31T17:14:30 <michelled> git :)
2017-08-31T17:15:10 <michelled> latest commit: https://github.com/fluid-project/node-jqunit
2017-08-31T17:21:35 * alanharnum2 has quit
2017-08-31T17:22:13 * cindyli has quit
2017-08-31T17:27:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-08-31T17:37:12 * stegru has quit
2017-08-31T17:37:18 * michelled joined the channel
2017-08-31T17:59:19 <Bosmon> michelled - but node-jqunit has...... RELEASES!
2017-08-31T18:01:05 <michelled> ah, I didn\'t get a notice about a release. where should I be looking for that?
2017-08-31T18:01:47 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2017-08-31T18:01:50 <Bosmon> michelled - releases are in npm!
2017-08-31T18:02:06 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2017-08-31T18:15:19 * stegru joined the channel
2017-08-31T18:32:09 <Bosmon> stegru - thanks for the ref update for windows
2017-08-31T18:32:20 <Bosmon> WAs there a problem which we needed to upgrade from 1.0.0 for?
2017-08-31T18:32:52 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-08-31T18:33:07 <stegru> erm
2017-08-31T18:33:17 <stegru> it was just "1"
2017-08-31T18:33:33 <Bosmon> Well sure
2017-08-31T18:33:42 <Bosmon> But what about ref-struct
2017-08-31T18:33:45 <stegru> so, i think that would have been 1.latest
2017-08-31T18:33:46 <Bosmon> That\'s just "1" too : P
'

b'2017-08-31T00:35:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-31T00:43:05 * alanharnum has quit
2017-08-31T01:59:34 * gtirloni has quit
2017-08-31T02:40:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-31T02:47:12 * alanharnum has quit
2017-08-31T04:44:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-31T04:56:56 * stegru joined the channel
2017-08-31T05:38:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-08-31T06:16:28 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-08-31T06:16:31 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-08-31T06:46:00 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-08-31T06:51:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-31T06:54:51 * kasparnet has quit
2017-08-31T07:11:30 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-08-31T07:15:11 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-08-31T07:31:26 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-08-31T08:07:37 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-08-31T08:15:04 * amatas_ joined the channel
2017-08-31T08:18:10 * amatas joined the channel
2017-08-31T08:21:55 * [o__o] joined the channel
2017-08-31T08:22:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-31T08:30:55 * yuriy joined the channel
2017-08-31T08:54:23 * amatas has quit
2017-08-31T08:54:35 * amatas joined the channel
2017-08-31T08:57:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-31T08:58:54 * amatas has quit
2017-08-31T08:59:06 * amatas joined the channel
2017-08-31T09:02:32 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-08-31T09:02:45 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2017-08-31T09:02:47 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-08-31T09:03:58 * alanharnum has quit
2017-08-31T09:05:10 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-08-31T09:14:23 * amatas has quit
2017-08-31T09:14:35 * amatas joined the channel
2017-08-31T09:18:54 * amatas has quit
2017-08-31T09:19:06 * amatas joined the channel
2017-08-31T09:29:23 * amatas has quit
2017-08-31T09:29:35 * amatas joined the channel
2017-08-31T09:33:55 * amatas has quit
2017-08-31T09:36:17 * amatas joined the channel
2017-08-31T10:39:17 * kasparnet has quit
2017-08-31T10:41:48 * jhernandez has quit
2017-08-31T10:42:01 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-08-31T10:46:41 * dandimitrov has quit
2017-08-31T10:46:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-08-31T10:51:19 * jhernandez has quit
2017-08-31T10:51:35 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-08-31T11:01:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-31T11:08:27 * alanharnum has quit
2017-08-31T11:21:48 * jhernandez has quit
2017-08-31T11:22:01 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-08-31T11:26:19 * jhernandez has quit
2017-08-31T11:26:35 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-08-31T11:35:09 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-08-31T11:36:48 * jhernandez has quit
2017-08-31T11:37:02 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-08-31T11:40:23 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-08-31T11:43:42 * kasparnet has quit
2017-08-31T11:44:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-08-31T11:56:19 * jhernandez has quit
2017-08-31T11:56:34 * jhernandez joined the channel
2017-08-31T11:59:01 <Bosmon> Hi there georgitodorov - how are you getting on today?
2017-08-31T11:59:45 <Bosmon> I\'m just working on putting together a little dynamic rendering sample to give us something to look at for the PCP structure
2017-08-31T12:00:08 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2017-08-31T12:00:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-08-31T12:01:04 * amatas has quit
2017-08-31T12:10:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-08-31T12:15:22 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-08-31T12:19:09 <georgitodorov> Hi, Antranig! Thank you for the effort, we appreciate it a lot!
2017-08-31T12:19:37 <georgitodorov> Are you using one of the approaches that we listed in our questions or something entirely different?
2017-08-31T12:22:58 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2017-08-31T12:27:11 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - there will need to be dynamicComponents I think, so there is that part of approach 1
2017-08-31T12:27:35 <Bosmon> I think we may as well plan for the case where the UI is truly dynamic, so I think I will try generating them via events rather than from an array
2017-08-31T12:29:42 <Bosmon> I\'m just studying the hierarchy around fluid.prefs.panel etc. since there is a lot of complexity there that hopefully we can bypass
2017-08-31T12:36:27 <Bosmon> Justin_o - looking at the lineSpace panel, there seems to be an interesting bug here in that this id is allocated just once as part of the defaults
2017-08-31T12:36:29 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/preferences/js/Panels.js#L847
2017-08-31T12:36:41 <Bosmon> I guess this has never bitten since we never wrote a UI with more than one instance of a panel in it
2017-08-31T12:37:25 <georgitodorov> Bosmon - I see. It will be very helpful to have a small working example including several dynamicComponents which are visualized.
2017-08-31T12:38:02 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-08-31T12:38:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah, i see, that should have been an expander
2017-08-31T12:38:41 <alanharnum> Bosmon: I don\'t know if it\'s at all helpful (and I believe you may be using the Renderer, which I didn\'t), but the work I did recently with Nexus sensor presentations builds its UI dynamically using event-generated dynamic components: https://github.com/waharnum/nexus-demos/blob/GPII-2189/science-lab/sensor-presentations/js/nexusSensorPresentationPanel.js
2017-08-31T12:38:52 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - definitely, yes
2017-08-31T12:39:20 <Bosmon> alanharnum - yes, this is the approach used by the "visible nexus" and some other projects too
2017-08-31T12:40:33 <Bosmon> alanharnum - surely this doesn\'t pass linting :)
2017-08-31T12:40:37 * kasparne_ has quit
2017-08-31T12:40:51 <alanharnum> Bosmon: there\'s a reason that it\'s just in my own repo currently, yes ;)
2017-08-31T12:41:58 <alanharnum> the big caveat with event-created dynamicComponents remains, I believe, this one, which both Justin_o and I have encountered: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5912
2017-08-31T12:52:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-08-31T12:53:47 * jhung joined the channel
2017-08-31T12:58:09 * kasparnet has quit
2017-08-31T13:00:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-08-31T13:03:15 <Justin_o> kasparnet: hello
2017-08-31T13:03:22 <kasparnet> hey Justin_o
2017-08-31T13:04:05 <Justin_o> kasparnet: looking at your comment on the GPII-2501 PR
2017-08-31T13:04:43 <Justin_o> so you would like to have the prefs set duplicated between the testData/preferences and testData/preferences/acceptanceTests folders
2017-08-31T13:04:53 <Justin_o> or you mean to move them from the latter to the former?
2017-08-31T13:05:09 <kasparnet> nope - duplication is correct
2017-08-31T13:05:13 <kasparnet> it\'s a bit akward
2017-08-31T13:05:38 <Justin_o> okay, yah.. it\'s too bad, but i\'ll make that change
2017-08-31T13:05:42 <kasparnet> but we still have pending to read NP sets from both the locations when in development mode
2017-08-31T13:05:45 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-08-31T13:05:50 <kasparnet> there\'s a JIRA for it somewhere
2017-08-31T13:05:56 <kasparnet> that\'s around 4 years old :)
2017-08-31T13:06:25 <Justin_o> ha okay :) i\'m sure it\'s low on the list of things to get done
2017-08-31T13:07:13 <kasparnet> yeah, unfortunately :)
2017-08-31T13:09:35 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-08-31T13:09:42 * javjarfer has quit
2017-08-31T13:11:48 * alanharnum2 has quit
2017-08-31T13:13:24 <Justin_o> kasparnet: would you prefer a single .md file that describes each of the prefs sets, or separate   .md files for each prefs set
2017-08-31T13:13:37 <kasparnet> separate ones would be best, please
2017-08-31T13:13:44 <Justin_o> okay
2017-08-31T13:16:51 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-08-31T13:18:31 * amatas joined the channel
2017-08-31T13:21:20 <Bosmon> kasparnet - why are we duplicating stuff?
2017-08-31T13:25:57 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-08-31T13:27:42 <kasparnet> Bosmon: so Justin_o wrote a bunch of nice NP sets for the UIO+ acceptance tests
2017-08-31T13:28:13 <kasparnet> and sandra asked yesterday if there were any NP sets for Kavya to do manual testing of the UIO+ extension
2017-08-31T13:29:19 <kasparnet> since all the NP sets for acceptance tests are in the acceptanceTests subfolder of preferences, Kavya wont be able to manually test the plugin with them unless she copies them herself
2017-08-31T13:29:31 <kasparnet> so I asked justin to duplicate them to the preferences folder
2017-08-31T13:53:00 * michelled joined the channel
2017-08-31T14:00:27 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-31T14:09:33 <Justin_o> kasparnet: GPII-2501 is ready for more review. I\'ve also merged with master and updated the package.json to use the latest version of Infusion.
2017-08-31T14:09:49 <kasparnet> cheers Justin_o
2017-08-31T14:10:28 <Justin_o> grrrero: would you like to pair up today on FLUID-5534
2017-08-31T14:10:39 <grrrero> Justin_o: For sure
2017-08-31T14:10:52 <Justin_o> grrrero: I\'m good to start whenever you are
2017-08-31T14:11:34 <grrrero> Justin_o: Same
2017-08-31T14:11:42 <grrrero> Justin_o: Now is good
2017-08-31T14:11:49 <grrrero> Justin_o: Over to your desk?
2017-08-31T14:11:56 <Justin_o> grrrero: sure
2017-08-31T14:19:22 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-08-31T14:31:24 <georgitodorov> Bosmon - as the end of our working day is approaching, let\'s summarize what we have so far. We took a look at Alan\'s code for creating dynamic components using events and now have the answers to the questions which we posed in the email. We are thinking of continuing with this approach (but perhaps will use a source array instead of events, we will experiment with that a little bit).
2017-08-31T14:36:00 <georgitodorov> Bosmon - Do you think that this makes sense given the issue that Alan pointed out (I think it can be worked around by setting up a data binding to the {arguments} in the options of the dynamic component and then making another binding from the corresponding model)?
2017-08-31T14:36:22 <georgitodorov> Bosmon - Of course, any further examples are more than welcome and will be greatly appreciated.
2017-08-31T14:44:36 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-08-31T14:46:15 * clown has quit
2017-08-31T14:46:35 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-31T14:47:56 * clown joined the channel
2017-08-31T14:54:40 * javjarfer has quit
2017-08-31T14:58:08 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - sorry I didn\'t get the sample written up yet
2017-08-31T14:59:48 * georgitodorov has quit
2017-08-31T14:59:49 * javjarfer joined the channel
2017-08-31T15:08:47 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-08-31T15:10:03 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2017-08-31T15:13:41 <jhernandez> Bosmon, kasparnet: hey there - JFYI I\'m back
2017-08-31T15:13:49 <jhernandez> any urgent business?
2017-08-31T15:14:25 <Bosmon> Hey there jhernandez!
2017-08-31T15:14:46 <Bosmon> So I\'ve updated universal with kasparnet\'s first pass at a fix for the high contrast corruption issue
2017-08-31T15:15:16 <Bosmon> Could you make a build of the app with this pushed through the stack so that kavya and whitney can have a try?
2017-08-31T15:15:30 <jhernandez> nice, is that the fix we needed the get in before the pilots
'

