b'2017-01-17T20:28:56 * stegru has quit
2017-01-17T20:29:20 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-17T20:52:55 * the-t-in-rtf has left the channel
2017-01-17T20:53:02 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-17T20:54:54 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-17T20:56:25 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-17T21:03:43 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-17T21:10:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-17T21:12:13 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-17T21:12:19 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2017-01-17T21:15:07 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-17T21:21:57 * stegru has quit
2017-01-17T21:31:25 * clown joined the channel
'

b'2017-01-17T00:09:44 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-17T06:50:51 * amatas joined the channel
2017-01-17T08:14:10 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-17T08:27:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-17T09:10:37 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-01-17T09:12:21 * the-t-in-rtf2 joined the channel
2017-01-17T09:13:00 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2017-01-17T09:14:10 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-17T09:24:19 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-17T09:24:48 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-17T10:10:24 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-17T10:20:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-17T10:34:34 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-17T12:49:23 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-17T13:31:37 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-17T13:47:40 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-01-17T13:56:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-17T13:59:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-17T14:23:06 * Sitesh joined the channel
2017-01-17T14:24:16 <Sitesh> cindyli sir,  I have glanced over the documentation
2017-01-17T14:25:37 <Sitesh> now I am ready to study how to fix a bug. Is there any minor bug fixes available ?  gtirloni , cindyli sir
2017-01-17T14:28:10 <Sitesh> can I start from the issue FLUID-1 ?
2017-01-17T14:34:15 <Sitesh> or will start from the Trivial issues ?
2017-01-17T14:37:22 <cindyli> Justin_o: i rmb you had a wiki page (the one for GSoC 2017?) with a list of bugs for beginners?
2017-01-17T14:38:20 <Justin_o> cindyli: we\'re talking in the channel about that list yesterday and are going to restructure a bit to give suggestions for specific prototype tasks and relevant issues per project idea
2017-01-17T14:39:22 <Justin_o> Sitesh: we\'re still assembling those project ideas, but in the meantime do you have a particular area you are interested in, perhaps we could suggest something for you.
2017-01-17T14:39:48 <Sitesh> what are the available areas
2017-01-17T14:40:32 <Sitesh> i think for better hands on practice , i should go for some pull request of some trivial bugs
2017-01-17T14:40:54 <Sitesh> what you say, Justin_o
2017-01-17T14:41:19 <Justin_o> hmm.. let me rephrase that. You had mentioned that you looked over the docs, and I assume that you also looked at some of the components and other projects we work on.. were there any of those that interested you specifcally
2017-01-17T14:42:12 <Sitesh> ya i didn\'t exactly remember but the docs consisted of things like "these things are deprecated and we are working on it "
2017-01-17T14:42:21 <Justin_o> perhaps we could suggest some work from that.. otherwise you\'re welcome to take on an issue from our issue tracker... https://issues.fluidproject.org/projects/FLUID/issues/FLUID-6103?filter=allopenissues
2017-01-17T14:42:21 <Sitesh> something like that right ?
2017-01-17T14:43:01 <Justin_o> Sitesh: that\'s not all the docs and consisted of, but there were some of those.. did you look at docs.fluidproject.org and wiki.fluidproject.org and fluidproject.org?
2017-01-17T14:44:32 <Sitesh> i have looked at \x0302docs.fluidproject.org \x0301
2017-01-17T14:45:13 <Sitesh> fixing some bugs i ll come here again.
2017-01-17T14:54:57 <Sitesh> Justin_o: can i start with FLUID-6029 that you have recently created ?
2017-01-17T14:57:21 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-17T14:57:56 <Justin_o> Sitesh: sure if you like, you can.. also, fluid-work is probably a better channel for this conversation
2017-01-17T14:59:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:02:31 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:13:41 * Caren joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:15:53 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:18:09 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:20:12 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-17T15:29:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:35:58 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:37:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:41:13 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:41:15 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-17T15:57:39 <michelled> amatas: I noticed that the Windows VM we use with Vagrant is expired
2017-01-17T15:57:45 <michelled> will you be rebuilding it soon?
2017-01-17T16:19:26 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-17T16:28:41 <stegru> michelled: you can run "slmgr /rearm" (as administrator), and it will give you an extra 90 days
2017-01-17T16:31:01 <amatas> michelled, yes, I\'ll upload a new version soon. Also you can get extra time as stegru said
2017-01-17T16:32:52 <michelled> thx stegru and amatas!
2017-01-17T16:34:24 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-01-17T16:36:39 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-17T16:58:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-17T16:59:14 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-17T17:10:39 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-17T17:39:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-17T17:49:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-17T17:55:48 * colinclark has quit
2017-01-17T17:55:57 * avtar joined the channel
2017-01-17T18:16:32 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-17T18:41:12 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-17T18:46:02 <mrtyler> gtirloni: is it expected that the firewall\'s ssh host key changed?
2017-01-17T18:47:46 <gtirloni> mrtyler: yeah, the version upgrade should have regenerated it this morning
2017-01-17T18:48:03 <mrtyler> ok but why?
2017-01-17T18:48:09 <mrtyler> not changing host key > changing host key
2017-01-17T18:48:10 <mrtyler> afaik
2017-01-17T18:48:12 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-17T18:48:14 <gtirloni> i\'d have to ask the pfsense folks
2017-01-17T18:48:17 <mrtyler> heh
2017-01-17T18:48:44 <gtirloni> but i agree, i don\'t see a lot of reason for that (except they upgraded openssl in this version, but that still shouldn\'t require the rekeying)
2017-01-17T18:50:01 <mrtyler> anyway thx
2017-01-17T18:50:21 <gtirloni> https://doc.pfsense.org/index.php/2.3.2_New_Features_and_Changes#SSH_Daemon
2017-01-17T18:50:30 <gtirloni> that\'s the reason apparently
2017-01-17T18:52:57 <mrtyler> that\'s a reasonable reason
2017-01-17T18:53:45 <mrtyler> more bits is good
2017-01-17T18:53:49 <gtirloni> there was a bug where the keys were always regenerated in the 2.1 and 2.2 branch.. i think that\'s why we got used to the rekeying (and i didn\'t bother with today\'s new key). but it looks like that is gone now
2017-01-17T18:54:28 <mrtyler> yeah that\'s a bad habit to train into users (and admins!)
2017-01-17T18:55:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-17T18:56:21 <mrtyler> ew why is the default shell tcsh :p
2017-01-17T18:56:32 <mrtyler> didn\'t notice that last time
2017-01-17T18:56:44 <gtirloni> that\'s the default shell for freebsd systems
2017-01-17T18:56:58 <mrtyler> oh right, this is freebsd
2017-01-17T18:58:26 <gtirloni> it\'s a firewall appliance from these guys: ixsystems.com (a regular server with some extra niceties)
2017-01-17T19:01:02 <mrtyler> no bash or man installed :\\
2017-01-17T19:01:20 <mrtyler> which is fine, just amusing
2017-01-17T19:01:28 <mrtyler> i am finding some actual linux servers designed for use now :)
2017-01-17T19:05:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-17T19:08:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-17T19:09:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2017-01-17T19:14:00 * Sitesh has quit
2017-01-17T19:17:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-17T19:25:28 <mrtyler> gtirloni: i may find this by exploration but: are there any higher-level tools for insight into the idrc cluster?
2017-01-17T19:25:37 <mrtyler> cpu/mem utilization?
2017-01-17T19:25:44 <mrtyler> some kind of kvm dashboard?
2017-01-17T19:25:59 <mrtyler> ganglia or other metrics?
2017-01-17T19:31:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-17T19:31:03 <gtirloni> we have collectd/influxdb/grafana installed, but it needs some love at the moment (it broke when i updated from influxdb 0.8 to 1.1 a few weeks ago). so no, not at the moment. i just sent you the url and user/pass by email just in case
2017-01-17T19:31:16 <gtirloni> the whole environment is very lightly used though
2017-01-17T19:35:16 <mrtyler> gtirloni: ok thx, i see that there are no dashboards :\'(
2017-01-17T19:36:57 <mrtyler> Test results
2017-01-17T19:36:57 <mrtyler> Unknown error
2017-01-17T19:36:57 <mrtyler> InfluxDB Error: undefined
2017-01-17T19:37:08 <mrtyler> thanks influxdb and/or grafana
2017-01-17T19:41:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-17T19:43:35 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-17T19:44:56 <gloob> that\'s for idrc, right?
2017-01-17T19:45:05 <gloob> could we use the same stack for apcp?
2017-01-17T19:45:35 <gloob> it was planned some kind of ELK with something on top, it seems that ganglia could do the work
2017-01-17T19:47:07 <gtirloni> we suggested ELK for logging and text-search... and even though we use collectd/influxdb/grafana i think the initial suggestion was to investigate prometheus (GPII-2026) since it seems to receive more attention for kubernetes (both are part of cncf.io)
2017-01-17T19:47:29 <gtirloni> for metrics, i mean.
2017-01-17T19:47:53 <gloob> for idrc, apcp or everything?
2017-01-17T19:48:32 <gtirloni> these suggetions were part of GPII-2009, so APCP.. but it\'s not set in stone
2017-01-17T19:49:33 <gloob> and as idea, makes sense to use the same for idrc and apcp or they have differents requirements?
2017-01-17T19:49:56 <gloob> a copy-pasteable solutions feels really appeal to me
2017-01-17T19:50:19 <gloob> you know, with their own restrictions and corner-cases
2017-01-17T19:51:05 <gloob> a friend of mine also told me (just now) they are moving to grafana plus prometheus
2017-01-17T19:51:29 <gtirloni> i think the requirements are similar, but the idrc shouldn\'t hold gpii/apcp back if we need to deviate
2017-01-17T19:51:46 <gloob> no, of course, but the corpus could be the same
2017-01-17T19:51:50 <gloob> and probably the tooling
2017-01-17T19:51:52 <gtirloni> yep, agreed
2017-01-17T19:52:01 <gloob> and specially the experience
2017-01-17T19:52:21 <gtirloni> tyler is doing some work with terraform and deciding on k8s (or not), that should educate the tech choices we make for metrics, etc.
2017-01-17T19:52:35 <gloob> what is k8s
2017-01-17T19:52:40 <gtirloni> kubernetes
2017-01-17T19:52:43 <gloob> ah
2017-01-17T19:52:48 <gloob> wow, I\'m not cool MAN
2017-01-17T19:53:14 <gtirloni> although we have some limited experience with influxdb/grafana, they look great and everything.. but it _seems_ prometheus might be a more painfree experience. but if we are not going to use k8s, then that is less appealing
2017-01-17T19:53:32 <gtirloni> gloob: that\'s the reason I\'m here :D
2017-01-17T19:53:59 <gloob> gtirloni: are you the cool one? haha
2017-01-17T19:54:12 <gtirloni> lol
2017-01-17T19:54:17 <gtirloni> not by a far margin, unfortunately
2017-01-17T20:06:47 <mrtyler> gloob: i expect that any ELK stuff we provision will be done with terraform, and that those terraform recipes will be available for use by people like you
2017-01-17T20:07:11 <mrtyler> i would expect to run separate ELK stacks for apcp vs other projects
2017-01-17T20:07:22 <mrtyler> but i also hope to make it easy to run those stacks
2017-01-17T20:07:27 <mrtyler> for everyone
2017-01-17T20:09:16 <mrtyler> unless we outsource ELK to elastic.co
2017-01-17T20:11:55 <gloob> well in that last case is just matter to change the endpoint in the source code, right?
2017-01-17T20:12:24 <mrtyler> hopefully!
2017-01-17T20:12:34 <gloob> mrtyler: ok, got it
2017-01-17T20:12:45 <mrtyler> plus i guess we would use ELK for system-level stats as well
2017-01-17T20:12:47 <gloob> mrtyler: that map with my idea, thanks
2017-01-17T20:13:00 <mrtyler> which you would also want probably :)
2017-01-17T20:13:11 <mrtyler> cpu and memory utilization
2017-01-17T20:13:15 <mrtyler> disk i/o
'

