b'2017-01-19T17:46:16 <mrtyler> i guess i should eat something
2017-01-19T17:48:44 * Sitesh joined the channel
2017-01-19T17:58:39 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-19T17:59:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-19T18:01:10 * David123_ joined the channel
2017-01-19T18:04:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-19T18:06:14 * mrtyler_ joined the channel
2017-01-19T18:36:52 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-19T18:41:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-19T18:45:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-19T18:46:30 * kasparnet has quit
2017-01-19T18:54:48 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-19T18:59:50 * Sitesh has quit
2017-01-19T19:18:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-19T19:25:03 <gloob> michelled: you around?
2017-01-19T19:28:19 <michelled> hi gloob
2017-01-19T19:40:12 <gloob> michelled: hi, just for clarification, you say I recommend create a new branch for HWST and merge that branch in.
2017-01-19T19:40:28 <gloob> michelled: you mean to fork your repo and create a new HWST branch and PR it back to you?
2017-01-19T19:41:15 <michelled> hmmm\xe2\x80\xa6 I don\'t think you\'d pull request it back to me. I would think you\'d fork the main repo, make a HWST branch and merge in the GPII-1596 branch
2017-01-19T19:41:28 <michelled> if you are going to pull request anywhere, it would be to the main repo
2017-01-19T19:41:45 <michelled> but my sense is that we might put things into the HWST branch that we don\'t ever want in the main repo
2017-01-19T19:43:45 <michelled> gloob: does that make sense?
2017-01-19T19:57:34 <gloob> michelled: ahhhhhh, yes
2017-01-19T19:57:43 <gloob> michelled: are you pulling your changes there now?
2017-01-19T19:58:10 <gloob> michelled: well, I will get your changes anyway and cherry pick them back if needed
2017-01-19T19:59:24 <michelled> gloob: I suspect that the changes I\'m making going forward will be fine for HWST, but it\'s better to keep it separate just in case
2017-01-19T20:00:04 <gloob> michelled: I got your point
2017-01-19T20:00:26 <gloob> michelled: ok, anyway in the case of the installer, probably is going to be a new branch of the "main" installer
2017-01-19T20:00:37 <gloob> michelled: for the scripts we will create a new repo
2017-01-19T20:01:21 <gloob> michelled: if I need to add new changes to gpii-app probably what makes sense is to send it back to you, and after the storm create a big PR from your side into upstream, no?
2017-01-19T20:02:56 <michelled> yes, that will be fine
2017-01-19T20:03:19 <gloob> michelled: ok, thanks!
2017-01-19T20:04:33 <michelled> np :)
2017-01-19T20:06:24 * stegru has quit
2017-01-19T20:24:02 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-19T20:58:51 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-19T22:05:55 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-19T22:53:59 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-19T23:17:01 * stegru has quit
'

b'2017-01-19T03:02:47 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-19T05:03:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-19T07:04:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-19T07:17:25 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-19T07:27:36 * amatas joined the channel
2017-01-19T08:20:52 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-19T09:07:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-19T09:35:38 * stegru has quit
2017-01-19T10:06:15 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-01-19T10:09:30 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-01-19T11:01:14 * stegru joined the channel
2017-01-19T11:07:31 * amatas joined the channel
2017-01-19T11:38:08 <gtirloni> amatas: hi! just a heads up.. i completed the package updates but i\'m having some trouble with our docker hosts (including i-0026)
2017-01-19T11:43:01 <amatas> ouch
2017-01-19T11:43:05 <gtirloni> selinux :(
2017-01-19T11:43:34 <amatas> let me see
2017-01-19T11:44:20 <gtirloni> i was able to boot them with selinux=permissive. i\'m fixing the selinux labels now and i\'ll try with selinux=enforcing
2017-01-19T11:45:31 <amatas> does it also affects to the LBs?
2017-01-19T11:46:07 <gtirloni> no, only docker hosts (as far as i can tell)
2017-01-19T11:47:02 <gtirloni> selinux=enforcing after the label fixes... no go. i\'ll leave it in permissive mode until this is figured out
2017-01-19T11:47:23 <amatas> curl: (7) Failed to connect to wiki.gpii.net port 443: Connection refused :/
2017-01-19T11:47:44 <amatas> oh, sorry, this connection doesn\'t go through the LBs
2017-01-19T11:48:39 <gtirloni> i-0026 is back up. it should take a minute or so for the containers to stabilize
2017-01-19T11:51:45 <amatas> ok
2017-01-19T11:53:14 <amatas> gtirloni, just a warning. Nginx fails to start at boot because nginx: [emerg] host not found in upstream "i-0040.tor1.inclusivedesign.ca"
2017-01-19T11:53:20 <gloob> jira is down too
2017-01-19T11:53:29 <amatas> seems that the host is available few seconds later
2017-01-19T11:53:46 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-19T11:54:28 <gloob> planned, ok
2017-01-19T11:54:33 <gloob> sorry for disturbing
2017-01-19T11:54:36 <gtirloni> amatas: dns is probably slow to resolve at boot
2017-01-19T11:56:47 <gtirloni> gloob: hi! np. it\'s back now
2017-01-19T11:57:31 <gloob> gtirloni: awesome, thanks! and hi! :D
2017-01-19T12:00:21 <gtirloni> sorry for the inconvenience
2017-01-19T12:17:15 <gtirloni> amatas: does it look well from your side? here everything seems green but i might be missing something
2017-01-19T12:17:34 <amatas> gtirloni, yes, I was checking that everything is ok
2017-01-19T12:17:48 <amatas> all in green from my side as well
2017-01-19T12:17:55 <gtirloni> cool, thank you
2017-01-19T12:20:17 <amatas> np :)
2017-01-19T12:52:58 <amatas> fluid-all: I\'m changing the destination IP of ci.gpii.net to point to our load balancers. Just in the case you see an error. I hope that the change will be propagated in a couple of hours or so.
2017-01-19T13:27:28 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-01-19T13:39:48 <gtirloni> https://rhn.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2017-0086.html
2017-01-19T13:40:07 <gtirloni> rh/centos just released a kernel update
2017-01-19T13:40:33 <gtirloni> WHY! WHY GOD! WHY!
2017-01-19T13:50:30 * Sitesh joined the channel
2017-01-19T13:50:59 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-01-19T14:07:01 <amatas> LOL
2017-01-19T14:47:28 * clown joined the channel
2017-01-19T14:50:48 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2017-01-19T15:01:44 <gtirloni> amatas: i fixed the selinux issue on i-0026 okay? had to reboot it, sorry
2017-01-19T15:03:00 * Sitesh has quit
2017-01-19T15:09:10 * Sitesh joined the channel
2017-01-19T15:09:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-19T15:15:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-19T15:20:22 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-01-19T15:21:29 <mrtyler> gtirloni: are your docker adventures going to cause trouble for alanharnum and i moving first discovery server today?
2017-01-19T15:21:47 <alanharnum> mrtyler: just asked that, should be no problem
2017-01-19T15:21:56 <mrtyler> oho
2017-01-19T15:22:05 <mrtyler> i really need to get a bouncer set up
2017-01-19T15:23:40 <alanharnum> mrtyler: my vidyo room is open whenever you\'re settled
2017-01-19T15:24:35 <alanharnum> or we can start straight at 10:30 as planned, instead of... 5 minutes early!
2017-01-19T15:29:40 * michelled joined the channel
2017-01-19T15:46:12 <amatas> gtirloni, everything is green
2017-01-19T15:46:23 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-01-19T15:47:13 <gtirloni> amatas: thx!
2017-01-19T15:47:38 <gtirloni> alanharnum mrtyler: is that container idrc\'s or gpii\'s ? you may want to put it behind the respective load balancer
2017-01-19T15:48:01 <gtirloni> https://github.com/inclusive-design/ops/blob/master/ansible/group_vars/tor1_idi_lb
2017-01-19T15:48:01 <gtirloni> https://github.com/inclusive-design/ops/blob/master/ansible/group_vars/tor1_gpii_lb
2017-01-19T15:48:26 <alanharnum> gtirloni: I think it\'s... BOTH.
2017-01-19T15:48:44 <alanharnum> it\'s a Floe Project domain (IDRC), but as a contribution to GPII.
2017-01-19T15:48:50 <alanharnum> it is both a floor wax and a desert topping
2017-01-19T15:49:04 <mrtyler> can we add it to both lbs?
2017-01-19T15:49:32 <mrtyler> i guess we just include it as a backend in the playbook?
2017-01-19T15:49:48 <gtirloni> if it\'s a contribution to GPII, then it\'s GPII\'s now?
2017-01-19T16:04:52 <amatas> sorry guys, before change tor1_gpii_lb please consider the PR #67 of the ops
2017-01-19T16:05:13 <amatas> I finished the changes few hours ago
2017-01-19T16:06:14 <amatas> mrtyler, gtirloni ^^
2017-01-19T16:08:13 <amatas> gtirloni, do you have admin access to the GPII\'s Github account?
2017-01-19T16:09:03 <amatas> seems that the checks of the CI in some PRs are "waiting for something" and I\'d like to know if that is related to the DNS changes of ci.gpii.net
2017-01-19T16:21:27 <gtirloni> amatas: i see tests running on ci.gpii.net
2017-01-19T16:25:06 <mrtyler> amatas: i don\'t see any PRs on https://github.com/inclusive-design/ops
2017-01-19T16:25:09 <amatas> gtirloni, awesome, thanks
2017-01-19T16:25:46 <amatas> mrtyler, gtirloni merged few minutes ago. Thanks as well!
2017-01-19T16:30:13 <gtirloni> :)
2017-01-19T16:30:16 <gtirloni> new pokemon discovered
2017-01-19T16:30:17 <gtirloni> http://www.sci-news.com/biology/ruby-seadragon-filmed-first-time-04538.html
2017-01-19T16:31:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-19T16:32:01 <mrtyler> gtirloni: i guess your answer to my question before is "no, add it to gpii lb only"
2017-01-19T16:32:46 <mrtyler> also gtirloni i have some follow-up questions from yesterday\'s activities, particularly around why the thing you asked me to do with iptables resulted in i-0023 maintaining radio silence :\\
2017-01-19T16:33:17 <mrtyler> including this morning, when it reloaded the bad iptables rules and partitioned itself again :(
2017-01-19T16:39:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2017-01-19T16:43:39 <gtirloni> mrtyler: i just applied the iptables role on it (with the definitions from the master branch) and it still seems alive. did you just change that 244 != 224 line?
2017-01-19T16:43:54 <gtirloni> s/just/only/
2017-01-19T16:45:49 <mrtyler> gtirloni: yes, i think so
2017-01-19T16:45:59 <mrtyler> yes that\'s all i changed
2017-01-19T16:46:23 <gtirloni> hmm interesting. it\'s down now.
2017-01-19T16:46:26 <mrtyler> but that\'s not the whole story because the new iptables rules block me from my home ip, which shouldn\'t be happening
2017-01-19T16:46:32 <mrtyler> and unrelated to my change of the vpn ip range
2017-01-19T16:46:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-01-19T16:46:54 <mrtyler> my guess is that i ran ansible, which produced new rules ,which got written to /etc/iptables.something, and are getting reloaded periodically by some system cron
2017-01-19T16:49:26 <mrtyler> worth noting: the iptables rules produced by ansible are nothing like the rules that were there previously
2017-01-19T16:50:07 <mrtyler> which are in ~troscoe/2017-01-18-iptables-save-pre-ansible-action
2017-01-19T16:50:13 <mrtyler> if you want to look
2017-01-19T16:50:38 <gtirloni> ok, i\'ll switch to allowing all (since we already filter port 7022 on the firewall) and we can return these more restrictive rules when we have the ssh hosts up again, sounds ok?
2017-01-19T16:51:04 <mrtyler> 1. what are "the ssh hosts"?
2017-01-19T16:51:17 <gtirloni> i think you\'d call them the "jump host"
2017-01-19T16:51:20 <mrtyler> 2. allowing all where. via iptables? cuz my guess is your rule will just be dropped until we find what is re-populating them
2017-01-19T16:51:45 <mrtyler> i don\'t think 1. is going to help
2017-01-19T16:51:58 <mrtyler> i can already ssh to other i-* machines from my home ip
2017-01-19T16:52:06 <mrtyler> but not i-0023
2017-01-19T16:52:41 <gtirloni> the rules that were on i-0023 are from the pre-pre-days of the ssh/jump hosts, they allowed everybody in (and relied on the firewall to filter port 7022). once we had the two jump hosts, these new rules were in place (only allowing VPN/datacenter), but it seems i-0023 was missing them and I forgot to take them from groups_vars/all (and revert to 0.0.0.0)
2017-01-19T16:52:53 <mrtyler> also i can get to i-0023 from the pfsense box without any further adjustments
2017-01-19T16:53:16 <gtirloni> because the pfsense box is in the 205.211.169.0/24 network, which the rules allow
2017-01-19T16:53:38 <mrtyler> gtirloni: not entirely sure i follow your proposed change but go ahead
2017-01-19T16:53:58 <gtirloni> what\'s not clear?
2017-01-19T16:55:09 <mrtyler> "they allowed everybody in" -> this rule?
2017-01-19T16:55:09 <gtirloni> i\'m proposing to change "[ tcp, 7022, 205.211.169.0/24 ]" to "[ tcp, 7022, 0.0.0.0 ]" so everybody is allowed to ssh in, and relying on the pfsense firewall to filter who can/cannot ssh in (which it\'s already doing as of now), so these restrictive rules are useless now
2017-01-19T16:55:09 <mrtyler> -A INPUT -p tcp -m tcp --dport 7022 -j ACCEPT
2017-01-19T16:55:30 <gtirloni> yeah, that rule doesn\'t have "-s" so it\'s not filtering the source
2017-01-19T16:55:57 <mrtyler> sure
2017-01-19T16:56:07 <mrtyler> and i see rules that do filter on source but they\'re for other ports:
2017-01-19T16:56:16 <mrtyler> 8088, 8091, 25826
2017-01-19T16:56:32 <mrtyler> the ansible-generated rules don\'t have anything about those ports
2017-01-19T16:56:45 <mrtyler> and only talk about ssh from 205.* and 10.224.*
2017-01-19T16:57:00 <gtirloni> https://github.com/inclusive-design/ops/blob/master/ansible/group_vars/tor1_influxdb
2017-01-19T16:57:37 <gtirloni> let me clean it up, there is some old stuff that should have been removed when the jump/bastion hosts were turned off
2017-01-19T16:57:47 <mrtyler> sure but those values are not getting through to the machine when i run ansible
2017-01-19T16:58:18 <mrtyler> gtirloni: aside: this + my adventures with alanharnum this morning reveal a significant problem in push-only ansible: drift!
2017-01-19T16:58:28 <mrtyler> lots of drift
2017-01-19T16:58:34 <gtirloni> because i changed the influxdb group from "tor1_influxdb" to "tor1_idi_influxdb" and didn\'t rename groups_vars/tor1_influxdb to group_vars/tor1_idi_infludb
2017-01-19T16:58:35 <mrtyler> we\'re halfway to hawaii right now with all this drift
2017-01-19T16:58:36 <gtirloni> my bad
2017-01-19T16:58:36 <mrtyler> ;)
2017-01-19T16:59:33 <alanharnum> mrtyler gtirloni: the drift, she is bad
2017-01-19T16:59:56 <alanharnum> mrtyler i\'m free now if you want to talk plans for updating GPII containers
2017-01-19T17:00:21 <gtirloni> i will review the whole repo in more details and implement continuous check to avoid this, thanks for the feedback, i agree it\'s bad
2017-01-19T17:00:50 <mrtyler> alanharnum: it\'s ok, gio and i are about to lean hard on the rudder :)
2017-01-19T17:01:21 <mrtyler> alanharnum: absolutely. should we rope anyone else in (gio?) or should we learn more about the current situation on the ground first?
2017-01-19T17:01:38 <alanharnum> i think it would be good to talk container-building strategy generally
2017-01-19T17:02:03 <alanharnum> we\'re dealing with two technologies (GPII and Docker) that are both under rapid change.
2017-01-19T17:02:08 <mrtyler> gtirloni: a quick review for missed renames sounds good. a continuous check sounds good tho for my money, that check would be "run ansible on the infrastructure and get notified about errors" which solves two problems (checking ansible + keeping infra updated)
2017-01-19T17:02:34 <mrtyler> gtirloni: but don\'t feel bad. these are common problems for small orgs which is why i\'ve seen this pattern enough to complain about it :)
2017-01-19T17:02:57 <mrtyler> alanharnum: sure. maybe let\'s get on the same page first and then bug other people
2017-01-19T17:03:31 <alanharnum> mrtyler: sure - i think there\'s the immediate service migration issue, and the larger issue it surfaces about container drift
2017-01-19T17:03:46 <mrtyler> yes. i\'m taking notes on both :)
2017-01-19T17:04:06 <mrtyler> want me to vidyo into you again?
2017-01-19T17:04:10 <alanharnum> sur
2017-01-19T17:08:02 * Sitesh has quit
2017-01-19T17:44:28 <mrtyler> gtirloni: i guess you\'re still doing stuff but now i-0023 is completely down, even to ping, even from pfsense :(
2017-01-19T17:45:35 <mrtyler> also i still would like to talk about some other junk if you have time today
'

