b'2016-02-29T02:05:32 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2016-02-29T02:05:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-02-29T06:59:21 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-02-29T07:57:36 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2016-02-29T13:11:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-29T13:20:31 * gtirloni joined the channel
2016-02-29T13:27:00 * Justin_o joined the channel
2016-02-29T13:54:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2016-02-29T14:22:16 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-02-29T14:49:01 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-29T14:50:11 * simonjb joined the channel
2016-02-29T15:00:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-29T15:04:40 * clown_mtg joined the channel
2016-02-29T15:45:51 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-02-29T15:46:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-29T15:46:43 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2016-02-29T15:50:08 * alanharnum has quit
2016-02-29T15:53:42 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-02-29T16:06:57 * clown joined the channel
2016-02-29T16:07:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2016-02-29T16:10:07 * clown_mtg has quit
2016-02-29T16:26:19 * jessm joined the channel
2016-02-29T16:38:44 * klown joined the channel
2016-02-29T16:44:03 * clown joined the channel
2016-02-29T16:46:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-29T17:03:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-29T17:06:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-29T17:09:48 <Bosmon> colinclark, simonjb - what do we think about the "fake neologisms" in the example pasted into the end from the Nexus API docs - that is, the use of gpii.construct, gpii.defaults, parentGrades etc.
2016-02-29T17:09:58 <Bosmon> Should we continue to promise that we will provide these shims?
2016-02-29T17:10:18 <colinclark> as opposed to the "fluid" names?
2016-02-29T17:31:49 <Bosmon> colinclark - yes
2016-02-29T17:32:10 <colinclark> I think it is worth keeping it up, yes
2016-02-29T17:32:25 <Bosmon> ok cool
2016-02-29T17:50:02 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-02-29T17:52:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-29T17:58:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-29T18:20:54 * michelled joined the channel
2016-02-29T19:32:43 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-02-29T19:35:06 * clown_afk joined the channel
2016-02-29T19:42:30 <simonjb> colinclark_, Bosmon: I had a go at the "Securing the Nexus" section, if you want to take a look
2016-02-29T19:43:00 <simonjb> does it look like it\'s going in the right direction?
2016-02-29T19:47:54 <Bosmon> Thanks so much simonjb, taking a look now
2016-02-29T19:49:45 <colinclark_> wonderful!
2016-02-29T19:57:51 <simonjb> colinclark_, Bosmon: do you think this looks ok? what else do we need?
2016-02-29T19:58:08 <colinclark_> I\'m just going to read through it now, simonjb
2016-02-29T19:58:18 <simonjb> cool
2016-02-29T20:00:45 <Bosmon> simonjb - Looks like a good start
2016-02-29T20:01:03 <Bosmon> I guess we would then distribute "standard security profiles" together with the nexus
2016-02-29T20:01:13 <Bosmon> Which themselves could be modified via inheritance
2016-02-29T20:01:20 <Bosmon> I imagine using grades for this would make sense as well
2016-02-29T20:02:18 <simonjb> yes, that sounds like a good idea
2016-02-29T20:05:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-29T20:22:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-29T20:24:27 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-29T20:24:33 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-02-29T20:28:07 <Bosmon> Hey Justin_o - it seems congrats to us are in order
2016-02-29T20:28:15 <Bosmon> For being selected for GSoC 2016 :)
2016-02-29T20:29:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks :)
2016-02-29T20:30:10 <Justin_o> i\'m still waiting for the confirmation e-mail but it\'s looking good
2016-02-29T20:30:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - our logo is up on their site
2016-02-29T20:30:33 * ghoshbinayak joined the channel
2016-02-29T20:30:35 <Bosmon> https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/?sp-page=2
2016-02-29T20:30:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes.. we have an org page there :)
2016-02-29T20:32:14 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: I just got the confirmation e-mail that we\'ve been selected for GSoC 2016 as a mentor org :)
2016-02-29T20:32:30 <gtirloni> \\o/ !!!!!!!!!!!!
2016-02-29T20:32:34 <avtar> Justin_o: awesome :)
2016-02-29T20:32:36 <simonjb> Justin_o: YAY!
2016-02-29T20:32:40 <cindyli> yay!!
2016-02-29T20:34:17 <simonjb> wow, there are a lot of organizations
2016-02-29T20:34:39 <ghoshbinayak> Hello everyone, I am Binayak, a computer student from india, and I\'m interested in working with your organisation for gSoc.
2016-02-29T20:38:21 <Justin_o> ghoshbinayak: hello, welcome
2016-02-29T20:38:44 <ghoshbinayak> hi :)
2016-02-29T20:40:50 <ghoshbinayak> so I went through the ideas page and there are two projects I\'m interested in, one is the accessible/responsive Music UI Controls
2016-02-29T20:42:16 <ghoshbinayak> And the other one is building the SoundFonts parser
2016-02-29T20:42:57 <Justin_o> ghoshbinayak: cool... we haven\'t sorted out all of our mentors yet, but you could probably chat a bit about the projects with colinclark_
2016-02-29T20:44:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-29T20:44:35 <ghoshbinayak> sure I\'ll do that. Thanks Justin. :)
2016-02-29T20:45:14 <Justin_o> colinclark: ^^
2016-02-29T20:47:10 <colinclark> hey ghoshbinayak, thanks for introducing yourself. Welcome!
2016-02-29T20:47:22 <colinclark> I\'m glad you\'re interested in those two projects--they could be a lot of fun
2016-02-29T20:53:05 <ghoshbinayak> hello colinclark, yeah i think so to
2016-02-29T20:57:00 <ghoshbinayak> i was browsing the confluence page, and it seems a bit confusing to me. The two projects will come under Infusion project right?
2016-02-29T20:59:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-29T21:01:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: was talking with the PGA team about the process for contributing the changes for the FD tool back to GPII. Pull requests and documentation are, of course, part of that process. Additionally contributing tickets and filing new issues against it into GPII\'s JIRA instance.
2016-02-29T21:02:23 <Justin_o> However, it\'s going to take some time, likely, for the PR to go through all the rigorous code quality checks and review. But we\'d like to get the tickets moved over ahead of time.
2016-02-29T21:02:36 <colinclark> Yup, that all makes sense, Justin_o
2016-02-29T21:02:58 <Justin_o> I\'m thinking that we do something to mark the JIRAs, maybe have a special affects version or something, and indicate the PR it is related to. What do you think?
2016-02-29T21:03:42 <colinclark> That seems reasonable to me
2016-02-29T21:04:22 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2016-02-29T21:05:46 <Justin_o> colinclark, Bosmon: cool.. any preference on how to mark the JIRAs.. i\'m thinking a version like "PGA 0003"
2016-02-29T21:06:11 <Justin_o> or we could use a label
2016-02-29T21:06:37 <colinclark> sure, a version makes sense to me
2016-02-29T21:10:08 <Justin_o> colinclark: cool thanks.. i\'ve created a PGA 0003 version
2016-02-29T21:10:12 <Justin_o> https://issues.gpii.net/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20GPII%20AND%20affectedVersion%20%3D%20%22PGA%200003%22
2016-02-29T21:10:17 <Justin_o> nothing added to it yet
2016-02-29T21:12:04 * Bosmon joined the channel
2016-02-29T21:12:12 <colinclark> simonjb: Oh, I was going to fix the diagram, too, right?
2016-02-29T21:12:21 <colinclark> with BOSMON\'S BELOVED ARROWS
2016-02-29T21:12:30 <simonjb> oh, yeah, right
2016-02-29T21:15:10 <colinclark> will do
2016-02-29T21:20:29 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: to go along with our GSoC acceptance, for those that are planning on being mentors could you please send me the e-mail address you\'d like to use and I\'ll send you an invite.
2016-02-29T21:22:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-29T21:34:19 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-02-29T21:34:40 * colinclark_ is now known as colinclark
2016-02-29T21:38:17 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-29T21:53:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-29T21:59:33 * binayak_ghosh joined the channel
2016-02-29T22:02:43 * ghoshbinayak has quit
2016-02-29T22:05:53 * clown_afk has quit
2016-02-29T22:18:35 * colinclark has quit
2016-02-29T22:18:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-29T22:36:21 * binayak_ghosh has quit
2016-02-29T22:37:49 * ghoshbinayak joined the channel
2016-02-29T22:47:57 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2016-02-29T22:54:34 * ghoshbinayak has quit
2016-02-29T23:00:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2016-02-29T23:05:17 * colinclark joined the channel
2016-02-29T23:08:47 * colinclark joined the channel
'

