b"2018-03-13T18:30:13 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T18:31:44 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T18:39:06 <danayo> Justin_o, any idea what\xe2\x80\x99s happening here when I try to switch branches?
2018-03-13T18:39:06 <danayo> error: The following untracked working tree files would be overwritten by checkout:
2018-03-13T18:39:08 <danayo> \t.DS_Store
2018-03-13T18:39:09 <danayo> \tsrc/.DS_Store
2018-03-13T18:39:11 <danayo> \tsrc/documents/.DS_Store
2018-03-13T18:39:12 <danayo> Please move or remove them before you switch branches.
2018-03-13T18:39:12 <danayo> Aborting
2018-03-13T18:39:18 <danayo> I don\xe2\x80\x99t know why these files are showing up
2018-03-13T18:41:07 <Justin_o> danayo: you should add those to a global ignore for git
2018-03-13T18:41:14 <Justin_o> let me see if i can find you a command
2018-03-13T18:41:17 <danayo> ok thanks
2018-03-13T18:42:53 <Justin_o> try to run this in your terminal
2018-03-13T18:42:58 <Justin_o> git config --global core.excludesfile ~/.gitignore echo .DS_Store >> ~/.gitignore
2018-03-13T18:43:27 <Justin_o> danayo: sorry, those should be on separate lines
2018-03-13T18:43:32 <Justin_o> git config --global core.excludesfile ~/.gitignore
2018-03-13T18:43:34 <Justin_o> echo .DS_Store >> ~/.gitignore
2018-03-13T18:44:42 <danayo> seems to have worked Justin_o, thanks!
2018-03-13T18:44:57 <Justin_o> danayo:  :) np
2018-03-13T18:47:19 <danayo> actually Justin_o
2018-03-13T18:47:22 <danayo> weird
2018-03-13T18:47:35 <danayo> it worked from master, but now I can\xe2\x80\x99t switch back to master
2018-03-13T18:47:40 <danayo> I get the same messages
2018-03-13T18:47:44 <danayo> I tried the same commands again
2018-03-13T18:50:07 <Justin_o> danayo: try quitting the terminal and re-openning it
2018-03-13T18:50:58 <danayo> no luck Justin_o  :(
2018-03-13T18:51:27 <Justin_o> danayo: hmmm.. i have about 10 min at the moment if you'd like to talk it over on vidyo or skype
2018-03-13T18:52:17 <danayo> that would be great Just
2018-03-13T18:52:19 <danayo> Justin_o
2018-03-13T18:53:20 <Justin_o> danayo: sorry, could you please call me back
2018-03-13T18:58:38 <sepidehshahi> jhung: when you have a moment, can I talk to you about the ILDH?
2018-03-13T18:58:53 <jhung> Sure sepidehshahi
2018-03-13T18:59:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:06:03 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T19:06:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:09:48 * rutvi has quit
2018-03-13T19:10:35 <jhung> sepidehshahi, grrrero: https://github.com/fluid-project/docs-inclusive-learning
2018-03-13T19:10:42 <sepidehshahi> thanks
2018-03-13T19:12:08 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:14:56 <danayo> sepidehshahi: sorry I\xe2\x80\x99m just talking with Justin about some git issues
2018-03-13T19:15:15 <sepidehshahi> no worries, we can talk afterwards :)
2018-03-13T19:15:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:16:21 <jhung> also danayo. I'll need to get in line too to talk about the Create-a-Thon guide entry.
2018-03-13T19:23:38 <danayo> ok jhung :)
2018-03-13T19:32:22 <danayo> sepidehshahi: can you meet now?
2018-03-13T19:32:35 <sepidehshahi> sure
2018-03-13T19:33:02 <danayo> great i\xe2\x80\x99m in my room
2018-03-13T19:38:40 * ahxmzbg joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:38:49 * ahxmzbg has quit
2018-03-13T19:50:49 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:57:35 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T20:00:13 <alanharnum> jhung colinclark: should we chat quickly now?
2018-03-13T20:03:19 <jhung> alanharnum, colinclark I am free now
2018-03-13T20:03:48 <colinclark> i'm all set
2018-03-13T20:04:20 <alanharnum> colinclark jhung: my room is open
2018-03-13T20:04:31 <jhung> ok alanharnum
2018-03-13T20:11:56 <danayo> jhung let me know when you\xe2\x80\x99re free to chat
2018-03-13T20:13:56 <danayo> sepidehshahi: what do you think of this diagram?
2018-03-13T20:13:58 <jhung> ok after my current chat danayo
2018-03-13T20:14:00 <danayo> https://files.inclusivedesign.ca/s/VELosNtAxogmu6z
2018-03-13T20:14:03 <danayo> ok jhung
2018-03-13T20:16:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T20:22:46 <jhung> danayo: I have a couple minutes now to chat
2018-03-13T20:23:19 <danayo> ok jhung my room is open
2018-03-13T20:24:40 <jhung> danayo: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Co-creation+and+Co-design+with+a+Create-a-Thon
2018-03-13T20:31:01 * danayo has quit
2018-03-13T20:34:17 * jhung has quit
2018-03-13T20:42:44 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-13T20:42:50 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-13T20:43:16 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T20:43:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T20:47:29 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-13T20:48:10 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T20:59:59 * clown has quit
2018-03-13T21:02:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:03:35 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:13:40 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:25:43 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:34:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:46:12 <danayo> colinclark, jhung: https://github.com/inclusive-design/guide.inclusivedesign.ca/pull/23
2018-03-13T21:50:00 <colinclark> thanks danayo
2018-03-13T21:50:08 <danayo> :)
2018-03-13T21:50:09 <colinclark> it's awesome to get pull requests from you
2018-03-13T21:50:13 <danayo> :D
2018-03-13T21:50:20 <colinclark> and i might need your help getting up and running with docpad :)
2018-03-13T21:50:24 <danayo> for sure!
2018-03-13T21:50:26 <colinclark> i'll look at this closely tomorrow
2018-03-13T21:50:30 <danayo> ok great
2018-03-13T21:50:40 <colinclark> tonight i'm going to finish up some slides just in case they're needed for the P4A review
2018-03-13T21:57:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:58:01 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-13T22:00:24 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T22:01:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T22:13:04 * michelled has quit
2018-03-13T23:29:11 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T23:38:45 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-13T23:39:19 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-13T23:51:36 * danayo has quit
"

b'2018-03-13T02:16:38 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-03-13T02:21:22 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-03-13T03:44:50 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-13T04:04:21 * danayo has quit
2018-03-13T04:37:31 * qquuiinn joined the channel
2018-03-13T04:38:38 * qquuiinn has left the channel
2018-03-13T07:03:06 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-13T07:09:24 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T11:20:21 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-13T11:35:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-13T11:36:51 <gtirloni> testing 123
2018-03-13T11:36:57 <gtirloni> ok, botbot.me is back!
2018-03-13T11:37:40 * grrrero throws confetti
2018-03-13T11:43:05 <grrrero> Hi gtirloni, I have a question if you have a moment :)
2018-03-13T11:43:11 <gtirloni> hi, sure!
2018-03-13T11:43:46 <grrrero> So remember a while back you sent me links and you added plugins for Wordpress redirection
2018-03-13T11:44:09 <grrrero> I\'m wondering in the case of SNOW which has existing links, how can we redirect those to the new ones that will be created in the new SNOW site?
2018-03-13T11:44:18 <grrrero> Would that still be a Wordpress plugin?
2018-03-13T11:44:50 <gtirloni> yeah, i think that would give you the most flexibility. another option is to compile a list of links and destination and hardcode that into the server config
2018-03-13T11:44:54 <grrrero> I guess we\'d need to go through all the links in the site (yikes) and get those old links and then when the new pages are created, makes sure they redirect to those
2018-03-13T11:45:00 <grrrero> I see
2018-03-13T11:45:16 <grrrero> Where would the server config be... configured?
2018-03-13T11:45:47 <gtirloni> yeah, i think you\'re right.. if you do something very extensive it\'ll be a bit tiresome... unless we want to focus on just the most important content only (and not everything)
2018-03-13T11:45:53 <gtirloni> that\'s in the ops repo (private)
2018-03-13T11:45:59 <grrrero> I see I see
2018-03-13T11:45:59 <grrrero> Ok
2018-03-13T11:46:02 <grrrero> Thanks :)
2018-03-13T11:47:10 <gtirloni> np :) would it be useful if I filtered the access log and got all the URL\'s that have been accessed? that might miss something not accessed in the last $x days (i need to check) but could be a starting point
2018-03-13T11:47:32 <grrrero> Ahh sure! I guess to get a good idea of which are "popular"?
2018-03-13T11:48:00 <gtirloni> cool, will do it then
2018-03-13T11:48:05 <grrrero> Thank you :)
2018-03-13T11:48:14 <gtirloni> np, thank you too
2018-03-13T11:48:54 <grrrero> ^-^
2018-03-13T12:32:53 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-13T12:41:59 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-13T12:46:46 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:02:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:10:02 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:10:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:22:36 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:28:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:33:30 * jhung has quit
2018-03-13T13:34:51 * jessm joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:37:22 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:37:47 <Justin_o> gtirloni: I finally got around to working on the workflow triggers for JIRA. Basically just added one to transition between Pull Request to Resolved state when PRs are merged.
2018-03-13T13:38:13 <Justin_o> I just published it, so hopefully it will work. :hand_with_index_and_middle_fingers_crossed:
2018-03-13T13:38:33 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:47:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:52:58 <jhung> fluid-everyone: the design crit is starting in 8 minutes.
2018-03-13T13:53:39 <jhung> Today we will be looking at an sip-and-puff "mouse" called LipSync.
2018-03-13T13:54:26 <jessm> cool!
2018-03-13T14:08:22 <jhung> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/March+13+Design+Crit+Notes+-+LipSync
2018-03-13T14:08:47 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-13T14:22:04 <jhung> Images of the LipSync: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/March+13+Design+Crit+Notes+-+LipSync?preview=/157909047/157909055/IMG_20180313_101854493.jpg
2018-03-13T14:22:16 <jhung> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/March+13+Design+Crit+Notes+-+LipSync?preview=/157909047/157909053/IMG_20180313_101900653.jpg
2018-03-13T14:28:36 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T14:30:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T14:40:00 <gtirloni> Justin_o: thanks a bunch! i often get lost in jira\'s mgmt interface so it\'s awesome you find your way. if there\'s anything i can help with, please let me know
2018-03-13T14:44:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T14:57:39 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T15:11:32 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:12:27 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:26:52 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-03-13T15:29:40 <jessm> Justin_o: jhung: that was a great crit -- thanks!
2018-03-13T15:32:55 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:32:59 * avtar joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:40:38 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:55:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:04:03 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T16:04:44 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-03-13T16:06:59 <jessm> Justin_o: it\'s amazing. I found your email inviting me to be a mentor and set up my account. I thought I was already from a previous year because I am still subscribed to the GSOC mailing list. Anyway, all set now.
2018-03-13T16:12:17 <Justin_o> oh yah, those are separate and you have to sign up through their site every year
2018-03-13T16:15:31 * danayo has quit
2018-03-13T16:17:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:22:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:26:27 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T16:34:57 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-13T16:35:15 <grrrero> Hi michelled what time are you free?
2018-03-13T16:35:39 <michelled> does now work for you grrrero?
2018-03-13T16:46:58 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:47:03 <grrrero> Hi sorry michelled I stepped away
2018-03-13T16:47:08 <grrrero> Now is good
2018-03-13T16:47:30 <grrrero> Let me know when to call
2018-03-13T16:48:36 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:54:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:58:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:59:45 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:02:02 <jhung> hi colinclark and alanharnum - where shall we meet?
2018-03-13T17:02:16 <colinclark> hey jhung!
2018-03-13T17:02:22 <colinclark> I\'m still in my current call
2018-03-13T17:02:28 <colinclark> and I can\'t quite get out of it yet
2018-03-13T17:02:42 <jhung> ok
2018-03-13T17:03:21 <jhung> Ping us when you\'re free colinclark
2018-03-13T17:03:24 <colinclark> ok, will do
2018-03-13T17:10:36 * alanharnum1 joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:13:17 <jessm> this is not good news :( https://it.slashdot.org/story/18/03/08/2049255/slack-is-shutting-down-its-irc-gateway
2018-03-13T17:13:25 <jessm> so frustrating
2018-03-13T17:13:32 <alanharnum1> jessm: yeah, I got that message yesterday connecting through the gateway
2018-03-13T17:13:57 <jessm> huh, alanharnum1 according to their timeline... i would have thought it wouldn\'t have happened yet
2018-03-13T17:14:05 <alanharnum1> it\'s informational
2018-03-13T17:14:16 <alanharnum1> like, IRC still works, but it pushes a message to you about the impending shutdown
2018-03-13T17:14:24 <jessm> ah
2018-03-13T17:14:41 <alanharnum1> there\'s some language about "for those using the gateway for accessiblity purposes" that says the Slack client is now keyboard accessible, etc
2018-03-13T17:14:46 <alanharnum1> but I\'m not too happy
2018-03-13T17:14:50 <jessm> it sucks!
2018-03-13T17:14:56 <alanharnum1> it\'s one more wall in Slack\'s walled garden
2018-03-13T17:15:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:17:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:18:53 <jessm> alanharnum1: the cc community is running a program on one of their servers that\'s using the slack api and will not break!
2018-03-13T17:19:00 <jessm> gtirloni: thoughts? ^
2018-03-13T17:21:07 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:23:19 <danayo> hi jhung did you see this? https://github.com/inclusive-design/guide.inclusivedesign.ca/pull/21
2018-03-13T17:25:44 <jhung> not yet danayo. I\'ll add it to my todo. Is there a specific timeline for this?
2018-03-13T17:27:02 <alanharnum1> jhung colinclark: I\'m going to have to start prepping for this webinar soon, should we try for 4:00 maybe?
2018-03-13T17:28:00 <jhung> alanharnum1: I could do that. I\'ll be leaving around 4:30p
2018-03-13T17:28:19 <colinclark> jhung, alanharnum1: I\'m free now if you\'re still available
2018-03-13T17:28:56 <jhung> sure colinclark. I\'m free. alanharnum1?
2018-03-13T17:29:10 <colinclark> or 4 pm is fine too
2018-03-13T17:29:15 <danayo> jhung: I think we want the new activities in before the Hewlett board meeting on the 19th, is that right michelled ?
2018-03-13T17:29:41 <jhung> danayo: ok good to know.
2018-03-13T17:29:45 <colinclark> can I help review it, jhung?
2018-03-13T17:29:54 <colinclark> I have to confess I don\'t think I\'ve ever used DocPad
2018-03-13T17:29:58 <alanharnum1> colinclark jhung: let\'s do 4pm - I need to run a sound check and otherwise, and look over my notes
2018-03-13T17:30:02 <colinclark> but this will be a good opportunity to learn
2018-03-13T17:30:07 <colinclark> alanharnum1: Sure, sounds great
2018-03-13T17:30:42 <jhung> colinclark: that would be helpful. I\'m available to help with that.
2018-03-13T17:30:57 <jhung> colinclark and alanharnum1 - sure 4pm sounds good.
2018-03-13T17:31:11 <colinclark> ok cool
2018-03-13T17:31:18 <gtirloni> jessm: yeah, i heard about slack\'s shutting down the xmpp/irc gateways but i don\'t know there\'s anything to be done, except try a different solution like rocket.chat or mattermost.com (which have open source client/server)... re: cc community, maybe they developed a bridge of their own?
2018-03-13T17:32:56 <gtirloni> jhung: found this https://github.com/creativecommons/slack-irc
2018-03-13T17:33:00 <danayo> thanks colinclark
2018-03-13T17:33:23 <danayo> I\xe2\x80\x99ll be adding another one today colinclark, jhung
2018-03-13T17:33:27 <danayo> another activity that is
2018-03-13T17:33:29 <colinclark> awesome
2018-03-13T17:33:31 <colinclark> which one?
2018-03-13T17:33:36 <danayo> \x08web of strings :)
2018-03-13T17:33:52 <jessm> gtirloni: the creative commons folks are using an open source app to accomplish tying together their IRC and only the main Slack channel
2018-03-13T17:33:55 <danayo> here\xe2\x80\x99s the content colinclark
2018-03-13T17:33:56 <danayo> https://docs.google.com/document/d/16jO68SNWP_Tp4UA9k_lln_vqhMXYH7gBiF5Zo2Oo5GI/edit?usp=sharing
2018-03-13T17:33:57 <gtirloni> s/jhung/jessm .. sorry
2018-03-13T17:34:26 <jhung> gtirloni: no worries.
2018-03-13T17:35:14 <jessm> gtirloni: ahhhh, yes, seems cool
2018-03-13T17:48:19 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-13T17:49:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-13T18:02:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T18:08:27 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T18:17:12 <sepidehshahi> Hi danayo: do you have 15 minutes today to go through the learning difference doc together for one last time before I publish it?
2018-03-13T18:23:10 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-13T18:24:15 <danayo> sure sepidehshahi, I\xe2\x80\x99m free in 1/2 hour
2018-03-13T18:24:36 <sepidehshahi> perfect thanks
'

