b'2018-08-01T00:16:35 * mrtyler has quit
2018-08-01T00:31:24 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-08-01T09:27:29 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2018-08-01T09:29:41 * [b__b] joined the channel
2018-08-01T11:29:12 * Bosmon joined the channel
2018-08-01T11:30:13 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-01T12:00:58 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-01T12:22:10 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-08-01T12:32:08 * jhung joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:15:10 * clown joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:17:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:21:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:25:04 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:26:29 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-01T14:13:23 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-01T14:15:53 * avtar joined the channel
2018-08-01T14:38:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-01T14:42:18 * caren joined the channel
2018-08-01T14:54:49 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-08-01T15:00:45 <caren> jhung ping!
2018-08-01T15:01:00 <jhung> Hey caren
2018-08-01T15:01:34 <caren> do you have a moment for a question re: embeding video into snow wp?
2018-08-01T15:07:27 <jhung> Sure caren. Vidyo?
2018-08-01T15:39:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-01T15:54:19 <jhung> hey gmoss - maybe we can chat around 1pm? Also I talked to Sepideh about the whiteboard and she\'s fine with us using it for the community meeting.
2018-08-01T15:54:37 <gmoss> jhung: sounds good! okay great :)
2018-08-01T16:03:19 <gmoss> fluid-everyone: I missed standup, so here\'s my update. Yesterday I met up with alanharnum and michelled for our weekly storytelling tool planning chat, helped jhung prep for today\'s community meeting a little, had a discussion with alanharnum and Justin_o about storing locale in the prefs framework, sat with alanharnum and filed FLUID-6312, closed FLUID-6197 and FLUID-6301, checked in on the GSoC students work, read
2018-08-01T16:03:19 <gmoss> Google\'s requirements/suggestions for the final evaluation submission, and finally for the majority of the day I was working on FLUID-6300, trying to get the "show preferences" tab in UIO to re-render in a new language without reloading the page. Today I plan to help jhung prepare for and conduct the community meeting and otherwise I\'ll be working on FLUID-6300
2018-08-01T16:08:47 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2018-08-01T16:15:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T16:26:58 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-01T16:33:18 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T16:39:32 * jhung_away has quit
2018-08-01T16:54:46 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-01T16:59:24 * jhung joined the channel
2018-08-01T17:01:14 <jhung> gmoss: I\'m free to chat when you are.
2018-08-01T17:01:51 <gmoss> jhung: ready!
2018-08-01T17:03:05 <gmoss> feel free to call me on Vidyo
2018-08-01T17:54:57 <gmoss> jhung: would you like to call the room and see what you think?
2018-08-01T17:55:58 <jhung> gmoss: sure
2018-08-01T17:59:22 * Justin_o has quit
2018-08-01T17:59:44 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-08-01T18:20:14 * avtar has quit
2018-08-01T18:39:58 * caren has quit
2018-08-01T18:43:12 <alanharnum> away from community meeting briefly
2018-08-01T19:01:53 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-08-01T19:03:16 * avtar joined the channel
2018-08-01T20:10:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T20:22:11 * caren joined the channel
2018-08-01T20:30:04 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-01T20:37:42 * michelled has quit
2018-08-01T20:37:43 * cindyli has quit
2018-08-01T20:40:16 <caren> g2szeto: http://openresearch.ocadu.ca/id/eprint/796/
2018-08-01T20:42:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T20:54:30 <caren> sepidehshahi: g2szeto Sara Hendren is the artist I was mentioning: http://slopeintercept.org/about/ https://ablersite.org/
2018-08-01T21:01:01 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-01T21:04:59 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T21:25:34 * g2szeto has quit
2018-08-01T22:36:56 * Justin_o has quit
2018-08-01T23:02:25 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-01T23:05:01 * cindyli has quit
2018-08-01T23:09:21 * caren has quit
'

