b'2018-01-10T22:33:00 <danayo_> yes! that\'s what I found so interesting today
2018-01-10T22:33:14 <danayo_> you said something about it being more fundamentally centralised
2018-01-10T22:33:18 <grrrero> Sorry to jump in -- but just wanted to say that "increased centralization within the decentralization rhetoric" -- totally agree
2018-01-10T22:33:19 <colinclark> it\'s really pretty counter-intuitive\xe2\x80\x94my head is still spinning
2018-01-10T22:33:32 <danayo_> mine too. i don\'t begin to understand it all
2018-01-10T22:33:46 <colinclark> but I mean, I guess it\'s kind of familiar
2018-01-10T22:33:48 <colinclark> it\'s a bit like Apple
2018-01-10T22:33:58 <colinclark> except people don\'t say such funny things about Apple :)
2018-01-10T22:34:07 <colinclark> So you buy the phone from Apple, and they maintain the platform
2018-01-10T22:34:08 <colinclark> iOS
2018-01-10T22:34:27 <colinclark> and then you could say it\'s in a sense "totally decentralized" because there are all these different applications you can choose from
2018-01-10T22:34:36 <danayo_> ha
2018-01-10T22:35:10 <grrrero> It\'s a fake decentralisation; at the heart of Apple products is its ecosystem
2018-01-10T22:35:10 <colinclark> grrrero: it\'s always good to jump in :)
2018-01-10T22:35:21 <colinclark> "ecosystem," yes
2018-01-10T22:49:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T22:53:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T23:20:11 * danayo has quit
2018-01-10T23:21:37 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T23:35:43 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-10T23:36:47 * danayo has quit
2018-01-10T23:52:38 * Justin_o has quit
'

b'2018-01-10T17:27:05 <grrrero> +1 colinclark :)
2018-01-10T17:27:50 <jessm> colinclark: i like the \xe2\x80\x98that sounds interesting\xe2\x80\x99 too \xe2\x80\x94 it\xe2\x80\x99s a chance for us to stretch beyond the \xe2\x80\x98typical\xe2\x80\x99 or \xe2\x80\x98usual\xe2\x80\x99 \xe2\x80\x94 and to therefore stretch our thinking \xe2\x80\x94 and even potentially our collaborations into new, unexplored areas
2018-01-10T17:28:04 <colinclark> sure
2018-01-10T17:28:11 <colinclark> I think we have other venues for that, too
2018-01-10T17:28:35 <colinclark> Again, I\'d like to place an emphasis on engagement and participation rather than edification
2018-01-10T17:28:55 <colinclark> not that edification isn\'t great :)
2018-01-10T17:29:16 <Justin_o> colinclark, jessm, grrrero: i think those are all good points... the community meeting description i have written up in the past hopefully covers the intent.. and i think aligns with what you\'ve been talking about.. but let me know what you think...
2018-01-10T17:29:18 <jessm> colinclark: one way we can do that is to engage our \xe2\x80\x98community\xe2\x80\x99 members and ask them what\xe2\x80\x99s interesting to them or if they\xe2\x80\x99d like to suggest a topic or area
2018-01-10T17:29:19 <Justin_o> "The community workshops provide us an opportunity for engaging with a broader community to spur our creative processes with topics that may align with our projects, be tangential to, or challenge our ideas and notions by providing alternative perspectives. It also provides us with the opportunity to make connections between our work and the work of those in the broader community."
2018-01-10T17:29:31 <Justin_o> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+workshops
2018-01-10T17:30:34 <colinclark> that\'s a very nice description, Justin_o
2018-01-10T17:30:36 <jessm> Justin_o: i <still> quite like that description and think it captures it. one thing we can think about is getting more \xe2\x80\x98community\xe2\x80\x99 in our \xe2\x80\x98community meetings\xe2\x80\x99
2018-01-10T17:30:56 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks..
2018-01-10T17:30:58 <grrrero> I think it does cover everything Justin_o :)
2018-01-10T17:31:35 <Justin_o> jessm: yah.. i keep thinking that too...
2018-01-10T17:32:21 <Justin_o> i\'m afraid that the time is part of the issue.. with people working or going to school and generally having other engagements.. at least that was the sense i got when I\'ve talked to some of the masters students..
2018-01-10T17:33:30 <Justin_o> although i think it would be harder for us if the time was in the evening
2018-01-10T17:33:37 <Justin_o> grrrero: any thoughts on that
2018-01-10T17:34:16 <grrrero> Justin_o: I tend to agree that it\'s not overly convenient for most people... I don\'t know of a proper solution for that because not everyone can stay til the evening :(
2018-01-10T17:37:01 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-10T17:38:01 * Caren_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T17:39:02 * clown_mtg is now known as clown
2018-01-10T17:43:34 <jhung> danayo and Justin_o: I\'ve added a bullet point description of the Inclusive Design Guide GSOC project to the GSOC brainstorming page. https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/January+9+Design+Crit+-+GSOC+Brainstorming
2018-01-10T17:43:55 <jhung> feel free to add / edit it
2018-01-10T17:45:07 <danayo> thanks jhung
2018-01-10T17:48:48 <danayo> jessm, colinclark, Justin_o, grrrero: I think too it has much to do with what we bring to the community meetings - in terms of putting on our \xe2\x80\x9chow does/might this relate to our work and practice at the IDRC\xe2\x80\x9d thinking caps - which I think we generally do well
2018-01-10T17:48:58 <colinclark> yes
2018-01-10T17:49:39 <colinclark> and bringing a kind of generosity to the process\xe2\x80\x94generosity means engaging with the material in terms of the work we\'re doing, exploring it on its own terms as well, and experimenting with ways it can catalyze new practices for us
2018-01-10T17:49:49 * Caren_ has quit
2018-01-10T17:50:31 <colinclark> Andrew\'s community meeting was such a great example of that kind of serendipity
2018-01-10T17:50:50 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T17:50:57 * simonjb has quit
2018-01-10T17:50:59 <colinclark> where, afterwards, the ideas were so challenging that ended up with a new way to represnt life :)
2018-01-10T17:52:18 <danayo> :) yes colinclark!
2018-01-10T17:53:02 <danayo> I much like thinking about it in terms of generosity
2018-01-10T17:54:12 <colinclark> the inspiration for my use of that term came from you :)
2018-01-10T17:58:15 <danayo> colinclark: :)
2018-01-10T17:59:42 <danayo> jhung: the GSoC project proposal looks good to me - I added a few things
2018-01-10T17:59:46 <danayo> thanks for writing it up
2018-01-10T17:59:57 <jhung> awesome, thanks danayo
2018-01-10T18:04:05 * Caren_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:05:18 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-10T18:07:06 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:15:17 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:17:31 * danayo has quit
2018-01-10T18:19:36 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:20:56 * Caren_ has quit
2018-01-10T18:23:08 * avtar joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:29:07 * cindyli has quit
2018-01-10T18:29:29 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T18:30:26 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:34:53 <grrrero> jhung Question: Do I need to install the parent a11y theme first before I install my SNOW theme?
2018-01-10T18:35:11 <jhung> grrrero: yeah.
2018-01-10T18:35:15 <grrrero> Ok
2018-01-10T18:38:22 <grrrero> jhung: Foundation branch or master branch?
2018-01-10T18:38:45 <grrrero> Foundation branch is not recognised by my SNOW theme
2018-01-10T18:38:56 <grrrero> When I install them consecutively on WP
2018-01-10T18:39:05 <jhung> want to Vidyo grrrero?
2018-01-10T18:39:08 <grrrero> Sure
2018-01-10T18:45:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:49:14 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:58:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:00:13 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:04:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:04:14 <jhung> simonjb: I came across this and thought you might find it cool. https://tangible.media.mit.edu/project/inform/
2018-01-10T19:10:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:15:04 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:15:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:19:00 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T19:19:00 * lliskovoi_ is now known as lliskovoi
2018-01-10T19:19:34 * Caren_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:21:34 <sepidehshahi> alanharnum: and lliskovoi here is the book jessm introduced to me and by just reading really small parts of it seemed very interesting: https://www.amazon.ca/Thinking-Systems-Primer-Donella-Meadows/dp/1603580557
2018-01-10T19:21:43 <grrrero> jhung: I got it to work but because of all the current content in the site I have to make some adjustments and re-do some of the stuff
2018-01-10T19:21:44 <lliskovoi> Thanks sepidehshahi!
2018-01-10T19:22:09 <grrrero> jhung: Shouldn\'t be too bad (I hope(
2018-01-10T19:22:10 <grrrero> )
2018-01-10T19:22:32 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:22:35 <jhung> grrrero:  wait\xe2\x80\xa6.
2018-01-10T19:22:48 <jhung> before you do.
2018-01-10T19:23:49 <jhung> grrrero: perhaps do a diff between the wp-a11y/foundation branch, and the local a11y-0.0.4 you have working in your WP installation.
2018-01-10T19:23:57 <grrrero> Will do jhung
2018-01-10T19:24:18 <jhung> It could just be merging in some changes from the Foundation branch or reconciling some of those diffs grrrero
2018-01-10T19:24:19 <grrrero> But the main difference is the widgets.php
2018-01-10T19:24:36 <grrrero> Remember how I added widgets and we didn\'t merge that into the foundation branch yet?
2018-01-10T19:24:36 <jhung> ah
2018-01-10T19:24:41 <grrrero> So I had to do that in the SNOW theme
2018-01-10T19:24:43 <jhung> that\'s right.
2018-01-10T19:24:46 <grrrero> Yep
2018-01-10T19:25:03 <grrrero> So I just had to add it to SNOW and re-configure it
2018-01-10T19:25:19 <grrrero> But I shall do a diff as well
2018-01-10T19:25:37 <jhung> ok
2018-01-10T19:26:09 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:29:06 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T19:29:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:32:23 * simonjb has quit
2018-01-10T19:33:00 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T19:33:20 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-10T19:34:05 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T19:35:24 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:36:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:39:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:46:32 * cindyli has quit
2018-01-10T19:56:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-10T20:02:09 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-01-10T20:09:02 * gtirloni has quit
2018-01-10T20:19:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-10T20:48:03 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-10T20:50:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T20:59:32 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-10T21:07:42 * clown has quit
2018-01-10T21:09:53 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T21:10:30 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:10:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:10:52 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:11:38 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:21:44 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T21:21:55 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:22:14 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T21:25:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:29:44 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-10T21:29:49 * cindyli has quit
2018-01-10T21:39:09 * Caren_ has quit
2018-01-10T21:43:55 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:44:02 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2018-01-10T21:46:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:47:35 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T21:47:37 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:58:21 * alanharnum2 has quit
2018-01-10T21:58:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T22:08:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-10T22:17:14 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T22:27:10 <danayo_> colinclark: I appreciated your questions today about trust- and making it more concrete. wonder what ann cavoukian has to say about it all
2018-01-10T22:27:28 <colinclark> ah wow
2018-01-10T22:27:30 <colinclark> thanks
2018-01-10T22:28:16 <colinclark> i\'ve been really puzzling through it as a result of a number of conversations with blockchain enthusiasts\xe2\x80\x94who seem to really love Trebor and our platform cooperative work
2018-01-10T22:28:19 <colinclark> this question of trust
2018-01-10T22:29:02 <colinclark> but it seems to me that trust within a system of governance (and that\'s what these platforms are) really involves a kind of "representational transparency"
2018-01-10T22:29:05 <colinclark> whatever that means
2018-01-10T22:29:55 <colinclark> but what I think I mean by that is one\'s ability to see into, ask questions about, and come to an understanding of the workings of the system in one\'s own preferred forms of knowledge
2018-01-10T22:30:12 <colinclark> for most of us, reading source code is not a workable form of knowledge
2018-01-10T22:30:24 <danayo_> yes exactly
2018-01-10T22:30:29 <colinclark> and it also doesn\'t really help in understanding the dynamic behaviour of a system
2018-01-10T22:30:40 <colinclark> "why is this particular thing happening right now?"
2018-01-10T22:31:34 <colinclark> I am very worried about this idea, as the RChain folks put it to me, that "the only thing we trust is the protocol"
2018-01-10T22:31:44 <colinclark> both because it elides the complex social dynamic
2018-01-10T22:32:02 <colinclark> and also because it means trust and governance end up encoded in programming languages
2018-01-10T22:32:24 <colinclark> I think Ann Cavoukian would be very interesting to talk to about this
2018-01-10T22:32:32 <danayo_> I think so!
2018-01-10T22:32:47 <colinclark> I have a feeling she\'d be able to see the increased centralization within the decentralization rhetoric
2018-01-10T22:32:54 <colinclark> centralization on the "platform"
'

b'2018-01-10T00:02:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T00:11:22 * simonjb has quit
2018-01-10T00:23:46 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-10T01:00:41 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-10T03:32:13 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T04:05:38 * danayo has quit
2018-01-10T04:06:14 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T04:07:25 * danayo has quit
2018-01-10T05:15:14 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T05:16:41 * danayo has quit
2018-01-10T07:24:57 * mrtyler has quit
2018-01-10T08:20:10 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-10T12:07:34 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-10T12:45:22 * gtirloni has quit
2018-01-10T12:53:45 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:13:52 * gtirloni has quit
2018-01-10T13:16:39 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:21:59 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:32:34 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:35:26 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:52:51 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:03:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:12:59 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:23:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:29:32 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:29:50 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:29:56 * jessm joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:37:28 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:48:43 <jessm> Justin_o: i dunno if you know why or if you can point me to something, but the twitter feed on the wiki seems stuck in 2017 \xe2\x80\x94 early 2017
2018-01-10T14:49:29 <Justin_o> it would appear that it is correct. https://twitter.com/FluidProject?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwiki.fluidproject.org%2Fdisplay%2Ffluid%2FFluid%2BProject%2BWiki
2018-01-10T14:49:36 <Justin_o> sorry, bad link
2018-01-10T14:49:42 <Justin_o> https://twitter.com/FluidProject
2018-01-10T14:49:49 <jessm> ohh, no that worked \xe2\x80\x94 ahhh, i was thinking @idrc_ocadu
2018-01-10T14:49:55 <jessm> ok
2018-01-10T14:50:38 <Justin_o> yah, sorry, we don\'t tweet much
2018-01-10T14:50:43 <jessm> hrm, if no one is actively tweeting there, perhaps we should put the @idrc_ocadu acct in there and tweet @FluidProject from there
2018-01-10T14:50:46 <jessm> what do you think?
2018-01-10T14:51:59 <Justin_o> possibly.. i\'m not actually sure why we have a separate account. Alan might know, i think he\'s in charge of it these days. I\'m also not really much of a twitter user myself, so probably not a good person to ask ;(
2018-01-10T14:52:40 <jessm> ah, let\xe2\x80\x99s ping alan when he\xe2\x80\x99s here then Justin_o \xe2\x80\x94 i\xe2\x80\x99m also not sure
2018-01-10T14:53:29 <Justin_o> sure, sounds good.
2018-01-10T14:57:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:58:31 <jessm> hahha, just on cue alanharnum \xe2\x80\x94 Justin_o and i were just chatting about you
2018-01-10T15:00:05 <alanharnum> jessm Justin_o: the separate IDRC / Fluid Project accounts is a thing that predates me
2018-01-10T15:00:45 <jessm> alanharnum: what do you think about consolidate tweeting into @idrc_ocadu and referencing @FLuidProject?
2018-01-10T15:00:58 <jessm> alanharnum: so, on the wiki we\xe2\x80\x99d put the @idrc_ocadu feed
2018-01-10T15:02:41 <alanharnum> I suspect the separate accounts is because Fluid is the open-source community we work within (that Infusion is a project of, etc) and IDRC is the OCAD-based research group
2018-01-10T15:03:13 <alanharnum> but i also obviously haven\'t been consistently able to tweet from Fluid_Project, which makes it look like a defunct account, which is no good
2018-01-10T15:03:21 <jessm> yes, alanharnum that makes sense \xe2\x80\x94 i\xe2\x80\x99m thinking we can keep the two, but @idrc_ocadu carries more traffic, so pehraps it\xe2\x80\x99s the one to feed
2018-01-10T15:03:50 <jessm> and in the case taht @FluidProject tweets, it can reference @idrc_ocadu
2018-01-10T15:05:10 <alanharnum> i\'m OK with that. or we could have both.
2018-01-10T15:05:26 <alanharnum> agree we either need that account to have traffic or not have it be our only twitter embed
2018-01-10T15:05:28 <jessm> alanharnum: sure! \xe2\x80\x94 does the widget allow that?
2018-01-10T15:06:31 <alanharnum> jessm: having a look now - we can also just use two widgets
2018-01-10T15:07:09 <jessm> alanharnum: cool
2018-01-10T15:10:38 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T15:12:53 * Caren_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:16:55 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:20:26 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:22:11 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:26:11 <alanharnum> jessm Justin_o: it\'s not a well-documented feature, but you can use the Search widget to create a widget that pulls tweets from multiple accounts
2018-01-10T15:28:12 <grrrero> I volunteer to do some content creation (i.e. tweeting) to help out alanharnum too if that works! :D jessm Justin_o
2018-01-10T15:29:38 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T15:31:03 <alanharnum> thanks grrrero - we should brainstorm about that. probably similar to what we\'ve done for making sure we updated News, maybe try and do a tweet a week coinciding with the planning meeting?
2018-01-10T15:31:32 <alanharnum> I\'ve never established tweeting from that account as a scheduled routine, which means it doesn\'t get done :p
2018-01-10T15:32:08 <alanharnum> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Fluid+Project+Wiki has an updated widget pulilng from both accounts now
2018-01-10T15:32:12 <grrrero> alanaharnum Sounds like a plan -- I\'m in!
2018-01-10T15:32:23 <alanharnum> we should switch the widget over to one of the official accounts at some point
2018-01-10T15:32:30 <alanharnum> we can also add other accounts to it should we desire
2018-01-10T15:35:12 <alanharnum> https://lifehacker.com/search-twitter-more-efficiently-with-these-search-opera-1598165519 - helpful for building search widgets, since you have to use the single-line advanced search syntax, which Twitter themselves does not explicitly document
2018-01-10T15:35:18 <alanharnum> good ol\' boolean search operators
2018-01-10T15:36:03 <grrrero> Sweet!!
2018-01-10T15:40:46 <colinclark> alanharnum, grrrero: I think it\'s really important for Fluid to continue to have its own Twitter account, and for it to be active\xe2\x80\x94to reflect the many interesting things we\'re doing in the community, and the networks with other projects we\'re engaged in
2018-01-10T15:41:04 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:41:49 <colinclark> and for it to be clear that we are a larger community of engaged designers and developers that people can join and contribute to
2018-01-10T15:42:08 <grrrero> colinclark alanharnum: Makes it easier also to be able to reach out for community meetings/workshops and connect with similar projects/communities
2018-01-10T15:42:25 * danayo has quit
2018-01-10T15:42:46 <grrrero> +1 colinclark :)
2018-01-10T15:55:31 <Justin_o> grrrero: we could probably tweet about the community meeting too, if that\'s relevant.
2018-01-10T15:55:39 <grrrero> Yeah for sure!!! Justin_o
2018-01-10T15:56:19 <grrrero> Also helps for other people to see what we\'ve been up to, and if they want to step up to do one themselves :)
2018-01-10T15:56:55 <alanharnum> yeah I was good on tweeting about the community meeting weekly for a while
2018-01-10T15:57:01 <alanharnum> but it fell aside
2018-01-10T15:57:10 <grrrero> I shall assist
2018-01-10T15:57:29 <Justin_o> grrrero: thanks :)
2018-01-10T15:57:37 <grrrero> Especially since I\'m on the lookout for potential speakers too \xf0\x9f\x91\x80
2018-01-10T15:59:03 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:59:22 <colinclark> Justin_o: Great idea, yes
2018-01-10T16:02:35 <alanharnum> tweeting about the design crit is also good, as a thing that happens weekly
2018-01-10T16:02:47 <grrrero> Agreed!
2018-01-10T16:03:32 <alanharnum> grrrero: if you use tweetdeck I can make you a tweeter on the fluidproject account - that\'s my preferred way of managing multiple accounts
2018-01-10T16:03:51 <grrrero> alanharnum that would be \xf0\x9f\x91\x8c
2018-01-10T16:13:43 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T16:14:16 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T16:22:13 * gtirloni has quit
2018-01-10T16:39:27 * Caren_ has quit
2018-01-10T16:48:54 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-10T16:49:18 <jhung> danayo - do you have time today to chat GSOC with Justin_o and myself?
2018-01-10T16:49:40 <danayo> sure jhung
2018-01-10T16:50:33 * Caren_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T16:50:41 <jhung> awesome danayo. I know Justin_o has a few meetings today, so maybe he can suggest a time.
2018-01-10T16:50:53 <Justin_o> jhung, danayo: I have about 10 min now if that works for you both
2018-01-10T16:51:03 <jhung> sure.
2018-01-10T16:51:31 <jhung> I\'m in your room Justin_o.
2018-01-10T16:51:33 <grrrero> colinclark: Jutta at some point asked me to look for some Filipino caregivers in the community who would be interested in co-designing for the platform co-op -- is that something we can do sometime in the near future or are we still hashing out the details and waiting for more funding?
2018-01-10T16:51:55 <colinclark> The latter, yes
2018-01-10T16:52:12 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-10T16:52:15 <colinclark> The funding isn\'t yet in place, so it\'s no something we can put much time into at the moment
2018-01-10T16:52:23 <grrrero> Alright
2018-01-10T16:52:31 <colinclark> but I\'m optimistic that this will settle in soon enough and then we can get started
2018-01-10T16:52:46 <grrrero> I did find someone who could be the "gatekeeper" of the caregiver community so when the time comes we can ping her and set something up :)
2018-01-10T16:52:53 <colinclark> cool, that sounds great
2018-01-10T16:52:54 <jhung> @danayo we\'re meeting in justin\'s room
2018-01-10T16:52:59 <grrrero> Yeah yeah it\'ll be good
2018-01-10T16:53:04 <colinclark> Right now, the big priority to focus on, grrrero, is your work on the SNOW site
2018-01-10T16:53:21 <grrrero> colinclark: Definitely
2018-01-10T16:53:47 <colinclark> and after that, we\'ve got some UI Options mobile work that you can dig into and finish up, I think
2018-01-10T16:53:52 <grrrero> Hope to have 70% of the site up on the SNOW dev site by Friday
2018-01-10T16:54:00 <grrrero> Sounds good colinclark :D
2018-01-10T16:54:14 <colinclark> that\'s so great, grrrero
2018-01-10T16:54:59 <danayo> jhung sorry, just a sec!
2018-01-10T16:55:37 <colinclark> grrrero, Justin_o: One of the things I was thinking about for our community meetings, going forward, is to think about ways to engage participants collaboratively...
2018-01-10T16:56:07 <colinclark> rather than thinking about booking "speakers," I think our priority should be to find people doing work that we can put into dialogue with our own design activities
2018-01-10T16:56:28 <grrrero> colinclark: That\'s a great idea
2018-01-10T16:56:57 <colinclark> that doesn\'t mean that we don\'t want people to give us presentations, but more that our emphasis is on generating and continuing a dialogue about inclusive co-design practices, rather than just having someone present to us
2018-01-10T16:57:07 <grrrero> Instead of passively intaking or exchanging information it would be great to be able to create something out of the experience
2018-01-10T16:57:11 <colinclark> yup, exactly
2018-01-10T16:59:29 <grrrero> I\'m definitely on board with that
2018-01-10T16:59:35 <Caren_> Hello everyone. As mentioned in StandUp: Inclusion Day: Decolonizing Community and Curriculum http://rights.info.yorku.ca/id2018/
2018-01-10T16:59:56 <grrrero> I\'ll give some more thought on who we can approach and what more collaboration can happen within the community meetings :)
2018-01-10T17:00:01 <grrrero> ^ colinclark
2018-01-10T17:00:04 <grrrero> ^ Justin_o
2018-01-10T17:00:16 <colinclark> the other thing is to look at topics that we can discuss freely\xe2\x80\x94so our series on Continuing Design was great, and should, no pun intended, continue
2018-01-10T17:00:25 <colinclark> great, grrrero, thanks
2018-01-10T17:03:06 * clown_meeting is now known as clown_mtg
2018-01-10T17:09:11 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T17:09:52 * avtar joined the channel
2018-01-10T17:15:31 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T17:15:43 * lliskovoi has quit
2018-01-10T17:16:19 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2018-01-10T17:16:41 * avtar has quit
2018-01-10T17:22:13 <Justin_o> colinclark, grrrero: sorry, in meetings and catching up.. in regards to topics and presenters I\'d say that it\'s definitely the hope and intention for these to be connection points. Wondering though if you are proposing a format change, I wasn\'t clear on that.
2018-01-10T17:23:16 <michelled> Justin_o: I think we\'ve always had various formats at the community meetings, haven\'t we?
2018-01-10T17:24:48 <Justin_o> michelled: yes, it\'s been pretty flexible.. more or less whatever is most suitable for that specific community meeting
2018-01-10T17:25:16 <colinclark> not so much a change in format, Justin_o\xe2\x80\x94as michelled\'s point suggests. I just brought it up as a reminder of our emphasis in terms choosing topics and participants,
2018-01-10T17:26:10 <colinclark> it\'s perhaps a very subtle point...
2018-01-10T17:26:32 <grrrero> Justin_o colinclark: Not necessarily a format change, but reinforcing those connections with some space for collaboration -- correct me if I\'m wrong colinclark
2018-01-10T17:26:39 <colinclark> yup, that sounds right
2018-01-10T17:26:55 * Caren_ has quit
2018-01-10T17:26:55 <colinclark> but less "that sounds interesting" and more "I\'m interested in exploring the connection between that and our practices"
2018-01-10T17:27:01 <colinclark> for whatever "that" is :)
'

