b'2015-05-19T11:54:43 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-19T12:08:44 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-19T12:13:20 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-05-19T12:39:27 * Jess__ joined the channel
2015-05-19T13:03:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-19T13:06:38 * michelled has quit
2015-05-19T13:22:33 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-19T13:29:34 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-19T13:31:17 <Jess__> good morning sepideh
2015-05-19T13:44:06 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-19T13:51:31 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-05-19T13:54:27 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-19T14:01:19 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-19T14:03:14 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-19T14:07:25 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-19T14:08:55 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-19T14:14:05 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-05-19T14:17:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-05-19T14:21:14 <colinclark> Hey danaayotte and sepideh, are you guys familiar with our UX Walkthrough method? It was one of the techniques we developed with Clayton Lewis as part of the original Fluid Project. http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/User+Experience+Walkthroughs
2015-05-19T14:22:26 <danaayotte> thanks colinclark, I think I looked through this way back when I was creating the keybad testing protocol
2015-05-19T14:22:31 <colinclark> ah good
2015-05-19T14:22:44 <colinclark> I was thinking about it last Friday when the topic of personas came up in relation to the First Discovery tool, and it occurred to me that you guys may not have used this method much. But it\'s quite useful in my experience. It may be something we want to use during our regular design crits.
2015-05-19T14:23:03 <colinclark> It was quite interesting to do these kinds of walkthroughs in pairs, actually.
2015-05-19T14:23:36 <danaayotte> cool. might be something to consider for PGA workshop - at least maybe elements of it
2015-05-19T14:23:58 <colinclark> Possibly, yes
2015-05-19T14:25:13 <colinclark> but also just generally something we use in order to better focus on "the artifact at hand" as we iterate through design decisions
2015-05-19T14:25:27 <danaayotte> ok
2015-05-19T14:29:19 <sepideh> thanks colinclark, I\xe2\x80\x99ll check out the page
2015-05-19T14:31:30 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-05-19T15:53:12 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-19T16:01:18 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-19T16:02:04 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-19T16:02:16 * anastasiac has quit
2015-05-19T16:03:21 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-19T16:23:45 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-19T16:31:50 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-19T16:48:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-19T16:54:00 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-19T17:10:31 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-19T17:33:32 * jessm joined the channel
2015-05-19T17:40:57 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-19T18:18:09 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-19T18:33:29 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-19T18:41:01 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-19T18:41:11 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2015-05-19T19:17:27 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-19T19:20:02 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-19T19:23:25 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-19T19:28:41 <colinclark> hey sepideh, how\'s it going?
2015-05-19T19:29:41 <sepideh> hi colinclark, it\xe2\x80\x99s going pretty well. we have stablished a structure for the personae that we want: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/P4All+Persona+development
2015-05-19T19:29:59 <sepideh> Now I am preparing the emails to send out to people who may be ready to have a chat with us
2015-05-19T19:30:22 <sepideh> and also working on the questions:http://wiki.fluidproject.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=43778181
2015-05-19T19:30:57 <colinclark> awesome
2015-05-19T19:30:58 <colinclark> this looks good
2015-05-19T19:31:02 <colinclark> who is on your list to chat with?
2015-05-19T19:31:36 * Bosmon joined the channel
2015-05-19T19:32:29 <sepideh> ok, for individual with daily need I wante to talk with Maria as a direct consumer and Julia as an indirect consumer
2015-05-19T19:33:06 <sepideh> For individual who wants to learn something, I want to talk with Adrian from Edready and Silvia, Jutta\xe2\x80\x99s friend who used Atutor in their OER
2015-05-19T19:33:40 <colinclark> yes, silvia\'s great
2015-05-19T19:33:46 <sepideh> For Product builder, we want Tony and Steve and Youra from Mozilla
2015-05-19T19:33:48 <colinclark> those seem like good people to talk to
2015-05-19T19:33:55 <sepideh> and maybe some of our team members
2015-05-19T19:34:00 <colinclark> Yura, yes
2015-05-19T19:34:06 <colinclark> those all seem super sensible
2015-05-19T19:34:41 <sepideh> Who else do you think we can approach? or do you thikn this is enough?
2015-05-19T19:36:03 <colinclark> I think this is a good start
2015-05-19T19:36:17 <colinclark> and while we\'re talking to these people, we\'ll make up a list of potential people for Round 2
2015-05-19T19:36:34 <colinclark> Can I tell you something I was thinking about this afternoon? It is tangentially related to this
2015-05-19T19:36:49 <colinclark> and not something that you should worry about for the moment, but something for us to keep in the back of our minds
2015-05-19T19:36:56 <sepideh> sure
2015-05-19T19:37:33 <colinclark> I was talking today to Bosmon about features we\'re hoping to add to Infusion, which is part of our SP2 contribution to Prosperity4All
2015-05-19T19:37:48 <colinclark> these are features that are motivated by years worth of "personal pain points" using Infusion
2015-05-19T19:37:58 <colinclark> and lots of informal feedback we\'ve received
2015-05-19T19:38:14 <colinclark> We started with improvements to our documentation, which we need to continue with for P4A
2015-05-19T19:38:24 <colinclark> since a lot of people have found that Infusion has a steep learning curve
2015-05-19T19:38:36 <colinclark> we\'re also considering some new debugging and "inspecting" tools for Infusion
2015-05-19T19:38:50 <colinclark> and it occurred to me that it would be nice to have a small, simple evaluative process for this
2015-05-19T19:39:04 <colinclark> to help formalize some of the feedback and advice we\'ve gotten over the years
2015-05-19T19:39:23 <colinclark> what I\'m thinking I\'d like to do is some interviews with people who have written software using Infusion
2015-05-19T19:39:37 <colinclark> to get them to articulate difficulties they\'ve had
2015-05-19T19:40:00 <colinclark> and perhaps have them keep a reflective diary of some kind as they program
2015-05-19T19:40:56 <colinclark> I wonder if, at some point, you might have some ideas for informal co-design-y discussions we could have with developers
2015-05-19T19:40:59 <sepideh> That is great idea!1 two points though: do you have access to those poeple? and are they willing to share their experience?
2015-05-19T19:41:02 <colinclark> including those who are participating in SP3
2015-05-19T19:41:06 <colinclark> yes, I think so
2015-05-19T19:41:20 <colinclark> We can definitely do some "auto-ethnography"
2015-05-19T19:41:27 <colinclark> since most of use Infusion personally
2015-05-19T19:41:34 <colinclark> and then we\'ve got a number of outside users
2015-05-19T19:41:51 <colinclark> Tony Atkins and Steve Githens come to mind as good people to talk to, again
2015-05-19T19:42:24 <colinclark> I think the reflective journals could be really useful for trying to capture some of this "in the moment I have trouble with... and I work around it by doing..."
2015-05-19T19:42:56 <colinclark> and then as we introduce these new tools, perhaps do some follow up sessions as a little workshop or something
2015-05-19T19:43:14 <colinclark> For example, have them spend some time with our new documentation site, and find out what\'s improved, etc.
2015-05-19T19:44:51 <sepideh> These are all very good ideas, and I think the results will be very useful for infusion and improving our documentation. how can I help you with this project? as you may know, I have no developing experience and my questions from there might be more user centered rather than technical
2015-05-19T19:47:54 <colinclark> I guess that\'s how you could help :)
2015-05-19T19:48:21 <colinclark> it seems to me that the best way to devise a good set of questions and activities is to combine both a technical and a usability outlook together
2015-05-19T19:49:30 <sepideh> Great! I am up for it. I think things start to slow down a bit in July, after PGA and P4A and we can start working on this if that\xe2\x80\x99s not too late for you
2015-05-19T19:50:29 <sepideh> or maybe we could have a set of questions and ask people to keep those journals and then start analyzing in July? it depends when you would like to start\xe2\x80\xa6
2015-05-19T19:53:36 <colinclark> yup, that seems about right
2015-05-19T19:53:38 <colinclark> in terms of timing
2015-05-19T19:53:43 <colinclark> i was thinking this summer as well
2015-05-19T19:54:59 <sepideh> Awesome! count me in then, and I\xe2\x80\x99ll have it in the back of my mind and document any questions that comes to mind along the way untill we start.
2015-05-19T19:59:48 * Jess__ joined the channel
2015-05-19T20:00:39 <colinclark> sounds great!
2015-05-19T21:11:09 <danaayotte> Hi colinclark and Jess__ I just sent you both the email Claudia sent earlier re: conflict resolution - I thought she\'d sent it to list but realised you hadn\'t seen it. I wonder if you can help me make some sense of it...
2015-05-19T21:14:26 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-19T21:16:19 <Jess__> danaayotte: has she paired the recommendation wireframes with her own use cases
2015-05-19T21:16:23 <Jess__> ?
2015-05-19T21:17:04 <danaayotte> if you look at her comments in the pdf you\'ll see she\'s listed where they pair directly and where they would need to be changed (on a use-case by use-case basis)
2015-05-19T21:19:06 <Jess__> am i missing something? danaayotte i don\xe2\x80\x99t see comments in the PDF
2015-05-19T21:19:29 <danaayotte> yes they\'re easy to miss - on the first page there are a couple of speech bubbles you have to hover over
2015-05-19T21:19:37 <danaayotte> right on the wireframes
2015-05-19T21:19:55 <danaayotte> and on the dialog box
2015-05-19T21:20:01 <danaayotte> far left
2015-05-19T21:20:03 <danaayotte> first page
2015-05-19T21:20:16 <danaayotte> Jess__^
2015-05-19T21:20:21 <Jess__> holy cow!
2015-05-19T21:20:38 <danaayotte> :|
2015-05-19T21:21:44 <danaayotte> also I don\'t understand how "accumulation of preference sets" will work (UC#3), and also UC#4 doesn\'t make any sense to me. I will ask Claudia for clarification
2015-05-19T21:26:47 <danaayotte> anastasiac I just noticed that text size comes first after the welcome screen
2015-05-19T21:27:12 <danaayotte> why did this get changed from speak text coming first?
2015-05-19T21:27:36 <anastasiac> danaayotte, good question, I don\xe2\x80\x99t think it\xe2\x80\x99s supposed to\xe2\x80\xa6 let me find out
2015-05-19T21:27:39 <Jess__> UC#4 makes me confused too danaayotte
2015-05-19T21:27:46 <danaayotte> thanks anastasiac
2015-05-19T21:28:08 <danaayotte> Jess__: yeah, not sure what\'s going on there
2015-05-19T21:28:18 <danaayotte> maybe 2nd user logs in before system times out?
2015-05-19T21:28:23 <danaayotte> but it\'s not clear
2015-05-19T21:28:29 <Jess__> and in UC#3 \xe2\x80\x9cat work\xe2\x80\x9d is being taken too literally methinks
2015-05-19T21:28:42 <danaayotte> how do you mean?
2015-05-19T21:29:28 <Jess__> well, she\xe2\x80\x99s \xe2\x80\x9cworking\xe2\x80\x9d but she\xe2\x80\x99s outside and in a noisy environment
2015-05-19T21:30:33 <Jess__> this seems to be the sort of \xe2\x80\x9cconflict\xe2\x80\x9d one can fumble into when the pref. sets are too specific to a location or a usual location but aren\xe2\x80\x99t to a context if that makes any sense
2015-05-19T21:30:35 <danaayotte> yeah - it would make more sense if it conflicted with a time range
2015-05-19T21:30:57 <anastasiac> danaayotte, no idea why the order\xe2\x80\x99s been changed in the FD tool. I\xe2\x80\x99ll file a JIRA and fix it
2015-05-19T21:31:03 <danaayotte> thanks anastasiac
2015-05-19T21:32:27 <danaayotte> Jess__: hmmm I take back what I said about time range. I guess it\'s the same thing. It\'s highly specific
2015-05-19T21:32:58 <danaayotte> but what would happen if they were "accumulated"? woudl a new preference set be created? "at work when it\'s loud"?
2015-05-19T21:33:15 <Jess__> danaayotte: do they mean additive?
2015-05-19T21:33:22 <danaayotte> yeah i think so
2015-05-19T21:33:29 <danaayotte> but does it merge, or add?
2015-05-19T21:33:45 <danaayotte> i guess it doesn\'t matter
2015-05-19T21:33:49 <Jess__> danaayotte: i think that could make for a very strange and unexpected experience in a lot of ways. sounds like a user experience mess
2015-05-19T21:33:58 <danaayotte> yes, seems a bit crazy
2015-05-19T21:34:06 <danaayotte> but maybe I\'m missing something
2015-05-19T21:34:23 <Jess__> we talked a lot about the notion of tweaking a saved set and saving those tweaks as another set
2015-05-19T21:34:50 <Jess__> that seems sensible \xe2\x80\x94 then you\xe2\x80\x99re getting more specific about your \xe2\x80\x9ccontexts\xe2\x80\x9d and creating more unique and appropriate pref sets
2015-05-19T21:35:21 <danaayotte> kind of like the idea of exceptions
2015-05-19T21:35:27 <Jess__> exactly
2015-05-19T21:40:08 <Jess__> danaayotte: i can think through this more with you tomorrow if you\xe2\x80\x99d like. it seems worth asking for some clarity in the interim
2015-05-19T21:40:56 <danaayotte> for sure. Thanks Jess__
2015-05-19T23:16:10 * Jess__ joined the channel
2015-05-19T23:20:24 * Jess__ has quit
'

