b'2015-05-14T19:03:09 <colinclark> my sense is that the question to answer is, "what\'s the most and best work we can do in the next three weeks, without starving P4A for design attention, and continuing to minimally support the pilot testers on C4A?"
2015-05-14T19:03:27 <colinclark> I am less motivated by C4A when we get vague and confused requests
2015-05-14T19:03:38 <danaayotte> and as I said I can start with creating the wireframe pdfs and we can go from there
2015-05-14T19:03:51 <colinclark> seems cool
2015-05-14T19:04:01 <Jess_> ducks!
2015-05-14T19:04:12 <colinclark> quack quack
2015-05-14T19:08:07 <colinclark> In three weeks, we\'ll be onto new and cool things related to Floe and P4A and the like
2015-05-14T19:08:30 <danaayotte> sounds ducky
2015-05-14T19:08:43 <danaayotte> :)
2015-05-14T19:09:33 <colinclark> :)
2015-05-14T19:44:22 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-14T19:45:43 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-14T20:16:09 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-14T20:18:51 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-05-14T20:19:48 * michelled has quit
2015-05-14T20:20:13 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-14T20:37:48 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-14T21:21:37 <simonjb> danaayotte, I have a quick question: for the current Sticky Keys implementation, where we only speak on shift on, what message do you think is best?
2015-05-14T21:23:07 <danaayotte> I think "shift is on" is best simonjb
2015-05-14T21:23:19 <simonjb> awesome, thanks danaayotte
2015-05-14T21:23:50 <danaayotte> my pleasure :)
2015-05-14T21:36:44 * Justin_o has quit
2015-05-14T22:02:54 * simonjb has quit
2015-05-14T23:06:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-14T23:13:10 * gtirloni has quit
'

b'2015-05-14T02:30:06 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-14T03:43:12 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-05-14T03:55:25 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-05-14T03:58:29 * idi joined the channel
2015-05-14T03:59:27 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-05-14T04:33:43 * idi joined the channel
2015-05-14T04:35:24 * idi joined the channel
2015-05-14T04:39:50 * idi joined the channel
2015-05-14T04:43:54 <gtirloni> test
2015-05-14T11:49:51 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-05-14T12:05:51 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-14T12:06:56 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-05-14T12:07:19 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-05-14T12:26:14 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-05-14T12:47:00 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-14T12:52:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-14T13:05:17 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-14T13:49:19 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-14T14:05:12 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-14T14:20:55 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-05-14T14:32:32 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-14T14:34:29 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-14T14:36:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-14T15:23:43 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-14T15:26:46 <simonjb> hey danaayotte and anastasiac, last week I mentioned troubles with reading out the "@" for the keyboard panel of First Discovery -- this morning I tried out some other punctuation (#, $, %, *) and they are read better -- do you have thoughts on the best one to use if not "@"?
2015-05-14T15:28:09 <anastasiac> simonjb, good question. I don\xe2\x80\x99t think it really matters much.
2015-05-14T15:28:21 <anastasiac> I could imagine arguments for most of those symbols
2015-05-14T15:29:16 <simonjb> yeah, I think we want something that is clearly audible and unambiguous
2015-05-14T15:29:27 <danaayotte> thanks simonjb, I was thinking that perhaps % would be best as that is probably the most distinct and perhaps most commonly used of the 4
2015-05-14T15:29:32 <anastasiac> yes, for now, audibility is probably the most important criteria
2015-05-14T15:30:02 <simonjb> ok, cool, I\'ll move ahead with % then -- thanks!
2015-05-14T15:47:49 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-14T15:56:06 <murilocrivellari> danaayotte: when are you available to go on with our chatting?
2015-05-14T16:22:47 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-14T16:46:50 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-14T16:51:03 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-14T16:51:16 * michelled has quit
2015-05-14T17:32:30 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-14T17:37:29 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-05-14T17:42:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-14T17:47:09 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-14T17:55:43 * sepideh has quit
2015-05-14T17:57:40 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-14T17:59:50 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-14T18:06:37 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-05-14T18:15:38 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-14T18:18:37 * feriyal joined the channel
2015-05-14T18:29:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-14T18:29:41 <colinclark> hey danaayotte
2015-05-14T18:31:41 * michelled has quit
2015-05-14T18:31:49 <danaayotte> hi colinclark
2015-05-14T18:32:05 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-14T18:33:16 <colinclark> got a sec to tell me about our PGA workshop plans?
2015-05-14T18:33:26 <danaayotte> yes
2015-05-14T18:33:32 <colinclark> awesome
2015-05-14T18:34:10 <danaayotte> here? or do you want to vidyo?
2015-05-14T18:35:01 <colinclark> wherever you prefer
2015-05-14T18:35:03 <colinclark> i\'m cool either way
2015-05-14T18:35:29 <danaayotte> ok, let\'s try the channel
2015-05-14T18:36:01 <colinclark> cool
2015-05-14T18:36:10 <colinclark> that way I can eat my sandwich, too :)
2015-05-14T18:36:26 <danaayotte> perfect.
2015-05-14T18:36:36 <danaayotte> Jess and anastasiac and I met to talk about the agenda and realised there is no specific place where we would walk through wireframes for prefs not yet implemented
2015-05-14T18:36:46 <danaayotte> so we got to wondering if we need to have them
2015-05-14T18:36:57 <danaayotte> especially for those that will look just like the ones we do have implemented
2015-05-14T18:37:19 <danaayotte> for example line spacing (which will look very similar to text size)
2015-05-14T18:37:51 <danaayotte> we thought it would be good to have them on hand, but perhaps not essential
2015-05-14T18:38:13 <colinclark> cool
2015-05-14T18:38:15 <colinclark> tell me more about that
2015-05-14T18:38:56 <colinclark> so is the motivation just to save time by not making the wireframes?
2015-05-14T18:39:00 <danaayotte> we thought we could have the list (of unimplemented prefs) with us and instead spend time on the ones that will be exceptional, such as sign language
2015-05-14T18:39:03 <danaayotte> yes
2015-05-14T18:39:07 <danaayotte> that was the motivation
2015-05-14T18:39:18 <danaayotte> i thought we could try to get done what we can
2015-05-14T18:39:20 <colinclark> What does that free you up to do instead?
2015-05-14T18:40:23 <danaayotte> that\'s a good question - Crestron is slowing down, cloud for all there may be some wireframing, prosperity for all I\'m not sure yet
2015-05-14T18:40:40 <danaayotte> so I can definitely work on them
2015-05-14T18:41:04 <danaayotte> and michelle mentioned a conversation you had with Gregg and Rich about coming to the workshop with wireframes?
2015-05-14T18:41:19 <colinclark> Well, I don\'t think it was so much a conversation
2015-05-14T18:41:29 <colinclark> as a general impression I have
2015-05-14T18:41:33 <danaayotte> right
2015-05-14T18:41:48 <colinclark> So, we\'re likely going to come into the workshop with about 10 working screens
2015-05-14T18:42:11 * Jess_ joined the channel
2015-05-14T18:42:18 <colinclark> allowing workshop participants to see what it would be like to edit 10 out of our 19 preferences
2015-05-14T18:42:42 <colinclark> My impression is that we want to provide a strong sense of "having a flow" now with the tool
2015-05-14T18:43:00 <colinclark> Meaning, we want to make it clear that there are these 19 preferences
2015-05-14T18:43:08 <colinclark> they\'ve been discussed a lot by our amazing and insightful SMEs
2015-05-14T18:43:16 <danaayotte> so ok
2015-05-14T18:43:18 <colinclark> we\'ve gone through a process of thoughtful design and refinement
2015-05-14T18:43:31 <colinclark> and that the team is really flowing right now
2015-05-14T18:43:40 <colinclark> Ten preferences down, nine to go
2015-05-14T18:44:01 <colinclark> But I wonder what the best way to convey, tangibly, this sense of flow to our workshop participants and SMEs?
2015-05-14T18:44:28 <danaayotte> right. so some way to integrate wireframes with the functional tool?
2015-05-14T18:44:37 <colinclark> I think there\'s a spectrum
2015-05-14T18:44:49 <colinclark> on the one side, there\'s just having some wireframes in a PDF document
2015-05-14T18:45:09 <colinclark> that we can pop up and say, "this one\'s next, and then we\'ll do that one" and "ooh, look at how this one captures a really hard problem"
2015-05-14T18:45:37 <colinclark> on the somewhere along that spectrum would be to have some very basic HTML mockups where we can say "hey look, we\'re in the midst of implementing these"
2015-05-14T18:45:54 <colinclark> or little links between the tool and some static wireframe images
2015-05-14T18:46:04 <colinclark> I don\'t quite know where on the spectrum we\'d like to fall
2015-05-14T18:46:18 <colinclark> certainly in the ideal case, you and Jonathan would finish super awesome polished mockups
2015-05-14T18:46:28 <colinclark> and then start the process of building some static HTML pages of them
2015-05-14T18:46:34 <colinclark> but that might not at all be practical
2015-05-14T18:47:05 <colinclark> The question still is how do we give them this sense of our team being in the groove?
2015-05-14T18:47:13 <danaayotte> I see
2015-05-14T18:47:55 <danaayotte> well I can certainly start on creating the pdfs, and then we can start to create the HTML pages, or even use a simple prototyping tool
2015-05-14T18:48:11 <danaayotte> so we know we\'ll at least have one end of the spectrum covered
2015-05-14T18:48:21 <colinclark> I think it would be really nice
2015-05-14T18:48:30 <danaayotte> with a sense of - these are the onese we\'re implementing next, in this order
2015-05-14T18:48:38 <colinclark> yeah
2015-05-14T18:48:47 <colinclark> At least to be able to convey a sense that "we\'ve gone through one full cycle of design, and now the developers are running with it"
2015-05-14T18:49:02 <danaayotte> yeah
2015-05-14T18:49:09 <colinclark> Jess_, anastasiac: Were there other motivations for your decision that danaayotte and I should keep in mind?
2015-05-14T18:50:47 <anastasiac> colinclark, one of the thoughts was that the agenda for the workshop doesn\xe2\x80\x99t actually include a presentation of the tool to the group, per se. The group\xe2\x80\x99s exposure to the tool is primarily going to be in the form of them actually trying it out in small groups (pairs, actually)
2015-05-14T18:51:05 <colinclark> yup
2015-05-14T18:51:08 <anastasiac> we decided not to \xe2\x80\x9cpresent\xe2\x80\x9d it to them before that, so that we could more effectively get first impressions
2015-05-14T18:51:14 <colinclark> that makes a lot of sense
2015-05-14T18:51:20 <anastasiac> so it\xe2\x80\x99s not clear when we\xe2\x80\x99d show them pdf, for example
2015-05-14T18:51:54 <Jess_> two motivations: 1. time, I thought we were fretting about having the time to do that and also the other prep for the workshop and 2. we were thinking about when they\xe2\x80\x99d be shown and thought it might be a nice seguey into \xe2\x80\x9cfor next steps\xe2\x80\x9d at the end of the agenda
2015-05-14T18:52:27 <Jess_> and that the group (and the final report) might benefit from soem early chatting through any identified problems or questions we already have about the prefs to be
2015-05-14T18:52:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-14T18:53:20 <colinclark> so how could that latter conversation be facilitated, if we don\'t have concrete examples of what those prefs screens look like?
2015-05-14T18:53:49 <colinclark> My impression is that having our work available in tangible form is an assert, in terms of facilitating discussion as issues come up
2015-05-14T18:54:09 <Jess_> exactly we were talking about how to structure it and danaayotte was gonna make a chart of sorts
2015-05-14T18:54:18 <Jess_> tangible is always preferrable
2015-05-14T18:54:55 <colinclark> Then why not put all our awesome design ducks in a row in preparation for the workshop?
2015-05-14T18:54:56 <Jess_> the chart was gonna show e.g. this pref could be a yes/no or a choice of 3 and also highlighting questions we might have had initial chats about already and not resolved
2015-05-14T18:55:18 <colinclark> The risk with a chart is that it\'s even less tangible than a mockup
2015-05-14T18:55:28 <Jess_> colinclark: if we have the ducks then indeed \xe2\x80\x94 they\xe2\x80\x99ll be strawmen designs
2015-05-14T18:55:28 <colinclark> which of course is less tangible than a web apge
2015-05-14T18:55:40 <colinclark> Why only strawmen?
2015-05-14T18:56:16 <Jess_> we haven\xe2\x80\x99t done a co-design iteration with them
2015-05-14T18:56:40 <colinclark> We really shouldn\'t call what happens on PGA "co-design" ;)
2015-05-14T18:56:49 <colinclark> It will do us a disservice
2015-05-14T18:57:00 <Jess_> hrm, why do you think?
2015-05-14T18:57:02 <colinclark> but meaning, the SMEs haven\'t had a chance to share their opinions about these preferences
2015-05-14T18:57:15 <Jess_> more than SMEs \xe2\x80\x94 the rest of the team too
2015-05-14T18:57:46 <colinclark> Co-design is about enabling end users who would otherwise be simply relegated to "use" to become engaged in the creative process
2015-05-14T18:58:01 <colinclark> it\'s a challenge to the traditional idea of "expertise"
2015-05-14T18:58:15 <colinclark> whereas PGA is very much structured in a traditional model of expertise
2015-05-14T18:58:28 <colinclark> but anyway, that\'s another discussion :)
2015-05-14T18:58:40 <colinclark> My sense is that we\'re in the home stretch with PGA
2015-05-14T18:58:56 <colinclark> but we\'re a little behind, at least based on people\'s perceptions of where they\'d like to be
2015-05-14T18:59:11 <colinclark> the more we can produce things that are really tangible, and show a view inside our daily world
2015-05-14T18:59:14 <colinclark> where the work happens
2015-05-14T18:59:15 <colinclark> the better
2015-05-14T18:59:31 <colinclark> of course everything we design is open to suggest and refinement, and this workshop will undoubtedly bring that out a lot
2015-05-14T18:59:59 <colinclark> but the more we have things to show--if it comes up--about where this tool is going, or how we\'re conceiving of specific preferences, the better
2015-05-14T19:01:39 <Jess_> danaayotte: you feel good about having the time to get these tangibles together pre-DC?
2015-05-14T19:02:14 <michelled> based on the estimates we made this morning, I think danaayotte is in good shape
2015-05-14T19:02:22 <michelled> the only question is the C4A work
'

