b'2015-10-05T20:14:57 <sepidehshahi> danayo, this is a new concept for me. I have always heard of overwriting design files but I don\xe2\x80\x99t know how we could merge several files. So, yes, it will be a great discussion topic
2015-10-05T20:15:18 <sepidehshahi> great, we will talk tomorrow then danayo
2015-10-05T20:16:50 <colinclark> Justin_o, danayo, sepidehshahi: Let\'s have a chat about how best to use the design repositories soon
2015-10-05T20:16:51 <Justin_o> danayo: yes, sounds like a good idea to talk about that
2015-10-05T20:17:02 <colinclark> I don\'t think the formal process that Justin_o is suggesting are necessary in this particular case
2015-10-05T20:17:10 <colinclark> processes
2015-10-05T20:17:24 <danayo> sure colinclark
2015-10-05T20:17:31 <colinclark> they may be helpful, but I\'m also keen to see us evolve a set of practices that work best for us as a design team
2015-10-05T20:17:32 <sepidehshahi> sure
2015-10-05T20:17:45 <colinclark> rather than just doing the same thing as for coding
2015-10-05T20:17:51 <danayo> yes
2015-10-05T20:17:55 <colinclark> it may be that the techniques are totally perfect, or we may want to adapt them
2015-10-05T20:17:56 <colinclark> I just don\'t know
2015-10-05T20:18:03 <colinclark> It\'s a new world :)
2015-10-05T20:19:23 <colinclark> But I do think it\'ll be interesting to see what ways we can maximize transparency, and to refigure the idea of "meritocracy" for design artefacts
2015-10-05T20:20:25 <Justin_o> colinoclark, danayo: i\'m heading out now, i\'ll catch up with you about this later though.
2015-10-05T20:20:30 <danayo> definitely colinclark!
2015-10-05T20:20:42 <danayo> thanks for your help Justin_o
2015-10-05T20:20:51 <Justin_o> you\'re welcome
2015-10-05T20:22:04 * michelled has quit
2015-10-05T20:34:40 * cindyli has quit
2015-10-05T20:53:13 * jhung has quit
2015-10-05T20:58:32 * clown has quit
2015-10-05T21:23:08 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-05T21:30:40 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2015-10-05T21:40:18 * simonjb has quit
2015-10-05T22:22:30 * Justin_o has quit
2015-10-05T22:37:13 * danayo has quit
2015-10-05T22:55:27 * colinclark has quit
'

b'2015-10-05T04:40:17 * jhung joined the channel
2015-10-05T11:37:28 * jhung1 joined the channel
2015-10-05T11:44:10 * jhung has left the channel
2015-10-05T11:45:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-05T11:51:43 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2015-10-05T12:28:36 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-10-05T12:46:44 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-05T12:55:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:26:45 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:31:18 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:38:55 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-05T13:42:37 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T13:43:46 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:01:20 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: github now has support for large files. https://git-lfs.github.com
2015-10-05T14:02:13 <Justin_o> i\'m wondering if any of you would be interested in trying this out for the design assets. There are some good git clients out there these days which should make it easier. https://git-scm.com/download/gui/linux
2015-10-05T14:09:55 <gtirloni> github recommends to keep repos under 1GB and individual files up to 100MB, would that be a problem for design docs?
2015-10-05T14:11:01 <gtirloni> for reference, https://github.com/pricing
2015-10-05T14:14:51 * michelled joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:18:04 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:21:47 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:36:08 * gtirloni has quit
2015-10-05T14:39:52 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-05T14:42:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:45:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:51:46 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:51:47 * gtirloni has quit
2015-10-05T14:55:37 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2015-10-05T14:56:33 <anastasiac> all right, jhung, here\xe2\x80\x99s the true test of the new docs system: I\xe2\x80\x99m going to start from scratch, follow the instructions, and try to create a brand new docs site :-)
2015-10-05T14:56:42 * gtirloni_ has quit
2015-10-05T14:57:58 <jhung> anastasiac: oh boy. :D
2015-10-05T14:58:22 <jhung> anastasiac: if you don\'t mind the docs-template is a bit of a moving target at the moment, although it should be nearing stability.
2015-10-05T14:58:57 <anastasiac> that\xe2\x80\x99s ok, jhung, working at this place, you get used to moving targets :-) I\xe2\x80\x99ll just update frequently
2015-10-05T14:59:22 <jhung> anastasiac: do you think it\'s best to get my repos into fluid first? Otherwise you will be working from my personal repos
2015-10-05T15:00:11 <anastasiac> that\xe2\x80\x99s a good question, jhung. On the one hand, yes. On the other hand, no :-)
2015-10-05T15:00:30 <anastasiac> I\xe2\x80\x99m wondering if this experience might reveal issues that we could fix before moving to fluid, for example
2015-10-05T15:01:16 <anastasiac> jhung, my understandign is that sites made with these repos are not meant as official forks, for example, or intended to be merged back in, right?
2015-10-05T15:01:26 <anastasiac> so the need to maintain that history is not as strong
2015-10-05T15:02:05 <anastasiac> yes, we\xe2\x80\x99ll want to be able to update the site with any updates to the fluid repos later, if appropriate, but I suspect that it\xe2\x80\x99s a bit less of an issue
2015-10-05T15:02:12 <jhung> yes. that\'s true anastasiac.
2015-10-05T15:02:42 <jhung> If you\'re comfortable with that, you can try now. :)
2015-10-05T15:03:21 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:03:32 <jhung> anastasiac: your impressions may be help\tful to gtirloni__ who has been investigating deployment packages.
2015-10-05T15:06:52 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2015-10-05T15:08:25 * cindyli has quit
2015-10-05T15:08:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:13:27 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-05T15:23:59 <danayo> Justin_o, gtirloni__ : I think it\'s definitely worth trying out git for our design files. 100MB max file size should be fine, and I think we can work with 1GB repo
2015-10-05T15:28:50 <Justin_o> danayo, gtirloni__ : I asked github about the limits before and they said they are sort of soft limits. I guess it might depend on how far over we go.
2015-10-05T15:29:23 <danayo> thanks Justin_o
2015-10-05T15:29:31 <Justin_o> I\'ll try to dig up the email to see what they said exactly. It was from when the service was in beta. So a while ago.
2015-10-05T15:43:04 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-05T15:44:26 * cindyli has quit
2015-10-05T15:53:46 * clown has quit
2015-10-05T15:54:47 * clown joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:59:02 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T15:59:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-10-05T16:00:28 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T16:05:28 <Justin_o> danayo, gtirloni__: so they said that they are soft limits, but will send you an e-mail as you approach the quota. If you go way over they\'ll disable Git LFS uploads/downloads for that repo.
2015-10-05T16:05:57 <Justin_o> danayo: when would you like to try it out?
2015-10-05T16:13:40 <colinclark> danayo: I can imagine we\'d do multiple repositories, perhaps one per project
2015-10-05T16:13:52 <colinclark> which should make the 1 GB limit more than reasonable
2015-10-05T16:14:11 <colinclark> Justin_o: How does it actually work? What kinds of limitations and benefits do you think it will provide?
2015-10-05T16:19:44 <danayo> yes colinclark that\'s what I was imagining too
2015-10-05T16:32:57 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-05T16:39:01 <anastasiac> jhung, is there somewhere other than the console output that I could find docpad error logs type info?
2015-10-05T16:39:56 <jhung> anastasiac: I think so. There\'s a commandline switch for that I think.
2015-10-05T16:40:04 <jhung> and it dumps to a log file.
2015-10-05T16:40:37 <anastasiac> k
2015-10-05T16:53:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T17:27:46 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-05T17:29:19 * colinclark has quit
2015-10-05T17:44:07 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T17:52:37 * danayo joined the channel
2015-10-05T17:53:25 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-05T17:55:37 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:14:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:41:13 * sepidehshahi has quit
2015-10-05T18:43:35 * anastasiac has quit
2015-10-05T18:52:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:52:39 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-10-05T18:58:48 * gtirloni__ is now known as gtirloni
2015-10-05T19:00:13 <Justin_o> colinclark: basically it works like git, but instead of storing the large file in the repo it stores a pointer to the file, which is stored separately. I take it that github will also manage this extra storage for the LFS file and it is what is counted for the 1GB limit.
2015-10-05T19:00:55 <Justin_o> I\'m hoping that it will provide the design team with a way to easily share, tag, and etc their designs in a similar way to what we do for our code. Sort of what we were doing before with svn, but with all the benefits of github.
2015-10-05T19:01:23 <Justin_o> we\'ll need to do some testing though to see how well it works for us and if it actually fits our process and floes.
2015-10-05T19:02:42 <Justin_o> in general, I\'m hoping that it will replace our reliance on dropbox for versioning and sharing designs.
2015-10-05T19:05:57 <danayo> not relying on dropbox would be very, very good Justin_o :)
2015-10-05T19:06:39 <Justin_o> :)
2015-10-05T19:07:21 <Justin_o> danayo: do you have some sample designs that we could try it out on?
2015-10-05T19:09:29 <danayo> how are you imagining trying it out Justin_o? I guess we just need to start using it and see if it works for us?
2015-10-05T19:09:51 <Justin_o> danayo: i guess that\'s true
2015-10-05T19:10:36 <Justin_o> danayo: did you want to start with a specific piece of work?
2015-10-05T19:11:13 <danayo> well, I could start by storing some of these sonification (garage band and mp3) files I\'m creating. also could start storing the UIO security wireframes there
2015-10-05T19:11:38 <Justin_o> danayo: cool that sounds good.
2015-10-05T19:11:59 <Justin_o> colinclark: where do you think we should put the repo? under fluid-project for now, or a separate github space?
2015-10-05T19:12:44 <colinclark> Definitely these repositories should be part of the fluid-project Github organization
2015-10-05T19:13:35 <Justin_o> we could separate them based on the work i guess, sonification-design for one
2015-10-05T19:14:12 <Justin_o> i\'m not sure about the security work though.. should that be a infusion-design or gpii-design or security-design?
2015-10-05T19:14:17 <Justin_o> danayo, colinclark ^
2015-10-05T19:15:16 <danayo> given that the repos are limited in size, perhaps we should create a separate security-design repo
2015-10-05T19:15:33 <danayo> Justin_o
2015-10-05T19:15:57 <danayo> colinclark ^
2015-10-05T19:15:58 <danayo> ?
2015-10-05T19:17:10 <Justin_o> danayo: what\'s your github user name?
2015-10-05T19:17:37 <danayo> dayotte
2015-10-05T19:19:10 <Justin_o> danayo: I have you and jon added to the designers team so far. We\'ll need to round up whomever else should have maintainer privileges to these repos
2015-10-05T19:19:39 <danayo> ok
2015-10-05T19:20:13 <colinclark> it makes sense to me to have separate repos for each theme/project/component
2015-10-05T19:20:13 <Justin_o> danayo: what are all the design assets licensed under?
2015-10-05T19:20:21 <colinclark> our cc license, Justin_o
2015-10-05T19:20:32 <colinclark> which you should be able to find on the licensing page on the Fluid wiki
2015-10-05T19:22:01 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks
2015-10-05T19:22:15 <Justin_o> I\'ll have to add that in later, github doesn\'t have an option for it by default
2015-10-05T19:27:08 <sepidehshahi> Hi danayo, I don\xe2\x80\x99t see Jess in the channel. So, do you think we\xe2\x80\x99d still meet today? or should we postpone it to tomorrow?
2015-10-05T19:27:50 <danayo> hmmm i\'ll try pinging her in skype and see what\'s up sepidehshahi
2015-10-05T19:28:23 <Justin_o> danayo: you now have access to https://github.com/fluid-project/security-design and https://github.com/fluid-project/sonification-design
2015-10-05T19:28:35 <sepidehshahi> sure, thx
2015-10-05T19:28:54 <Justin_o> so far it\'s just you and jon on the designers team. I was added by default, but i\'ll remove myself now.
2015-10-05T19:31:59 <danayo> thanks Justin_o. so to begin, should I commit the files I have to master branch?
2015-10-05T19:32:28 <Justin_o> danayo: that\'s a good question
2015-10-05T19:33:46 <Justin_o> danayo: for our code workflow we follow the steps of 1) filing a JIRA 2) working in a branch named after that JIRA, all commits start with JIRA-#: comment 3) file a pull request 4) a maintainer merges the pull request
2015-10-05T19:34:01 <Justin_o> it\'s a good process for verifying what gets merged into the code base is correct
2015-10-05T19:34:08 <Justin_o> sorry, merged into master
2015-10-05T19:34:42 <Justin_o> I\'d probably suggest following a similar pattern for the design repos, but that doesn\'t have to be the case.
2015-10-05T19:34:49 <Justin_o> danayo: ^
2015-10-05T19:35:43 <danayo> ok Justin_o. It seems to me that it would be good to follow the same structure/process. maybe over time we might realise we need something different
2015-10-05T19:36:15 <Justin_o> danayo: makes senes
2015-10-05T19:36:17 <Justin_o> sense
2015-10-05T19:36:56 <Justin_o> so in terms of the initial commit you could either file a JIRA and upload it under that, of you already have a JIRA you could use it. else you could do the NOJIRA:  prefix in this case.
2015-10-05T19:37:18 <danayo> ok
2015-10-05T19:38:18 <danayo> and do jon and I both have maintainer access at the moment, or do we have to assign that access to one person somehow?
2015-10-05T19:38:54 <Justin_o> danayo: you are both maintainers
2015-10-05T19:39:45 <danayo> ok. and anyone can commit, right?
2015-10-05T19:39:49 <Justin_o> danayo: if you have a process for deciding who can get access to creating the design files in the dropbox folder, and how they can get access. you could use the same for this. otherwise you\'d probably want to create a process like we have for the code side
2015-10-05T19:40:20 <Justin_o> danayo: in the "git" term of commit yes.. but only maintainers can merge into the repository.
2015-10-05T19:40:28 <danayo> right
2015-10-05T19:45:22 <danayo> do you mean a kind of meritocracy process, Justin_o? I guess we have an informal one for using dropbox
2015-10-05T19:45:39 <Justin_o> danayo: yes, for both gaining and losing
2015-10-05T19:46:03 <Justin_o> this is what we use for the code https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Process+for+Granting+Commit+Access
2015-10-05T19:46:31 <Justin_o> although the term "commit" here is a bit outdated and refers to maintainer access
2015-10-05T19:49:06 <danayo> thanks Justin_o
2015-10-05T19:58:21 <danayo> and the current design committers access list is really just about committing in the Git sense, right Justin_o?
2015-10-05T19:58:48 <danayo> (I moved Joanna\'s name to Emeriti)
2015-10-05T19:59:20 <Justin_o> danayo: that makes sense
2015-10-05T20:01:33 <Justin_o> danayo: there should probably be a discussion about who you\'d want to be a maintainer, which in one aspect you could think of as who gets to decide which pieces of design make it in to the repo...
2015-10-05T20:01:52 <Justin_o> in that sense it doesn\'t have to be the entire design team for example, but it could be.
2015-10-05T20:02:24 <danayo> right, Justin_o
2015-10-05T20:11:34 <Justin_o> danayo: i\'m going to head out soon, did you have any more questions
2015-10-05T20:11:39 <Justin_o> about the git repos
2015-10-05T20:13:02 <danayo> thanks Justin_o, I have a few questions, especially about what it means/looks like to merge design files...maybe worth a discussion at design crit? (jhung, colinclark, sepidehshahi)
2015-10-05T20:14:11 <danayo> sepidehshahi: jess says tomorrow is better
'

