b'2015-05-20T17:48:47 <danaayotte> ok, great
2015-05-20T17:53:43 <anastasiac> danaayotte, final questions with the wireframes: on the final screen: first row of wireframes has NO close/finish button; tooltip version has a \xe2\x80\x9cclose\xe2\x80\x9d button.
2015-05-20T17:54:44 <anastasiac> also, the functioning tool has a \xe2\x80\x9cfinish\xe2\x80\x9d button on the second-last screen, instead of \xe2\x80\x98next\xe2\x80\x99; is that right? if so, could the wireframes reflect that?
2015-05-20T17:55:04 <danaayotte> sure, I can change it to "finish".
2015-05-20T17:55:08 <danaayotte> re: the close button
2015-05-20T17:55:24 <danaayotte> I wanted it there, but I think we discussed the fact that it won\'t be possible to close the window, right?
2015-05-20T17:56:32 <anastasiac> right, so then we just need to fix the tooltip version of the wireframe, to remove the close button there
2015-05-20T17:56:39 <danaayotte> alrighty
2015-05-20T17:56:58 <anastasiac> and other than that, danaayotte, do we think we\xe2\x80\x99re good? translatable?
2015-05-20T17:57:51 <Justin_o> danaayotte, anastasiac: I\'ll make the text change in FLOE-346
2015-05-20T17:58:01 <anastasiac> thanks, Justin_o
2015-05-20T17:58:08 <danaayotte> we are translatable - I am just finishing cleaning up the wireframes so they are consistent
2015-05-20T17:58:11 <danaayotte> and I have one functionality comment
2015-05-20T17:58:33 <danaayotte> when sticky keys is turned off, I think the instruction should go away again anastasiac , Justin_o
2015-05-20T17:58:40 <danaayotte> what do you think?
2015-05-20T17:59:32 <anastasiac> danaayotte, the instructions were deliberately worded to include \xe2\x80\x9cwhen sticky keys are on\xe2\x80\x9d to try to make it clear that this is how it works when they\xe2\x80\x99re on
2015-05-20T17:59:42 <anastasiac> I think it\xe2\x80\x99s ok for the instructions to stay
2015-05-20T18:06:17 <danaayotte> ok
2015-05-20T18:23:16 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-20T18:26:00 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T18:27:20 * michelled has quit
2015-05-20T18:27:38 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T18:29:19 * michelled has quit
2015-05-20T18:29:37 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T18:35:52 <danaayotte> anastasiac: updated PGA mockups for workshop are here http://wiki.fluidproject.org/download/attachments/40797428/FD%20tool%20for%20May%202015%20workshop%20v3.pdf
2015-05-20T18:37:09 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2015-05-20T18:37:40 <anastasiac> oh, danaayotte, I\xe2\x80\x99m sorry, I\xe2\x80\x99m being terribly, terribly picky. In the current functioning demo on the build site, the \xe2\x80\x9csecond last\xe2\x80\x9d screen \xe2\x80\x93 with \xe2\x80\x98finish\xe2\x80\x99 instead of \xe2\x80\x98next\xe2\x80\x99 is every version of the kbd screen, in case the user decides to skip it altogther. Is that ok?
2015-05-20T18:38:09 * anastasiac thinks danaayotte must hate her by now
2015-05-20T18:38:52 <danaayotte> I don\'t know what you mean anastasiac by "is every version of the keyboard screen"
2015-05-20T18:39:03 <danaayotte> ah wait, i do
2015-05-20T18:39:06 <danaayotte> ok
2015-05-20T18:39:13 <danaayotte> #nohate
2015-05-20T18:39:22 <danaayotte> oops
2015-05-20T18:39:37 <danaayotte> did I just create a new channel?
2015-05-20T18:40:09 <anastasiac> danaayotte, have a look at the live demo: http://build.fluidproject.org/first-discovery/demos/
2015-05-20T18:40:29 <danaayotte> yeah I got i
2015-05-20T18:40:30 <danaayotte> it
2015-05-20T18:40:37 <danaayotte> understood
2015-05-20T18:40:43 <danaayotte> roger that :)
2015-05-20T18:47:30 <danaayotte> done anastasiac
2015-05-20T19:05:09 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T19:20:26 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-20T20:02:29 * michelled has quit
2015-05-20T20:03:06 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-05-20T20:08:36 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-20T20:08:55 <jessm> anastasiac: ping
2015-05-20T20:09:19 <anastasiac> jessm, polo
2015-05-20T20:09:30 <jessm> anastasiac: two things i needed help with i never told you about :(
2015-05-20T20:11:32 <anastasiac> jessm, would you still like help?
2015-05-20T20:11:43 <jessm> anastasiac: yes
2015-05-20T20:11:50 <jessm> anastasiac: the use cases into the google doc\xe2\x80\xa6 for PGA
2015-05-20T20:12:30 <jessm> anastasiac: we were going to pull the ones from the first workshop and put them into a google doc
2015-05-20T20:12:33 <jessm> i haven\xe2\x80\x99t gotten to that yet
2015-05-20T20:12:38 <anastasiac> ok, I can do that
2015-05-20T20:12:43 <jessm> any chance you can copy/paste? awesome
2015-05-20T20:13:02 <anastasiac> although: isn\xe2\x80\x99t kate doing that in the breakout-1 page? or supposed to be, jessm?
2015-05-20T20:13:27 <anastasiac> am I remembering correctly, that it was the task she didn\xe2\x80\x99t want to do?
2015-05-20T20:13:37 <jessm> anastasiac: huh, i dunno. check before doing it for sure \xe2\x80\x94 i thought she was pulling together relevant req\xe2\x80\x99s and links from the duration of the project
2015-05-20T20:13:46 <anastasiac> ok
2015-05-20T20:14:48 <anastasiac> and just to make sure I remember the goal, jessm: the re-statement of the workhop #1 use cases is for the stakeholders to use as they walk through the tool, right?
2015-05-20T20:21:10 <anastasiac> jessm, was there a second task?
2015-05-20T20:21:30 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T20:25:59 <jessm> anastasiac: you\xe2\x80\x99ve got it re: goal
2015-05-20T20:26:21 <jessm> and second task was just to check in on the Guelph site, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t think we have anything actionable there, so maybe it\xe2\x80\x99s just this PGA thingy you can help with
2015-05-20T20:26:24 <jessm> much appreciated!!
2015-05-20T20:30:12 <anastasiac> ok, jessm, got it
2015-05-20T20:40:24 * clown has left the channel
2015-05-20T20:57:37 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-20T20:58:15 * michelled has quit
2015-05-20T20:58:34 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T21:10:30 * gtirloni has quit
2015-05-20T21:15:48 * simonjb has quit
2015-05-20T21:17:27 * jessm has quit
2015-05-20T21:17:40 * michelled has quit
2015-05-20T22:08:42 * sepideh has left the channel
2015-05-20T22:18:39 * danaayotte has quit
'

b'2015-05-20T01:55:31 * colinclark joined the channel
2015-05-20T03:25:11 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-20T03:41:09 * danaayotte has quit
2015-05-20T12:22:06 * Justin_o joined the channel
2015-05-20T12:41:43 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T12:48:24 * michelled has left the channel
2015-05-20T12:48:40 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T12:48:42 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-20T13:11:20 * gtirloni joined the channel
2015-05-20T13:23:19 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-20T13:24:53 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-20T13:40:25 <michelled> sepideh: have you seen this? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IVsUMKRvll_WUQyI4penuFhcDSi7Eru0-twG56-3yS0/edit
2015-05-20T13:41:18 <sepideh> thanks michelled, yes colin just sent this to me
2015-05-20T13:45:01 <michelled> sepideh: also this: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1puupSew2ZUoW91qaROPfcN4x93Yf9SWP8jTmVd2A4R4/edit
2015-05-20T13:45:20 <sepideh> I havent seen this one
2015-05-20T13:48:13 <sepideh> This is more align with user personae that we are working on right now and their goals
2015-05-20T13:48:43 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-20T13:59:32 * jessm joined the channel
2015-05-20T14:09:39 * clown joined the channel
2015-05-20T14:13:46 * murilocrivellari joined the channel
2015-05-20T14:14:58 * simonjb joined the channel
2015-05-20T14:49:36 <michelled> danaayotte: did you manage to create the JIRA for Bosmon?
2015-05-20T14:53:13 <danaayotte> yes
2015-05-20T14:53:18 <danaayotte> one sec I\'ll find it
2015-05-20T14:53:24 <danaayotte> michelled ^
2015-05-20T14:56:02 <danaayotte> michelled: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-344
2015-05-20T14:58:26 <danaayotte> Bosmon ^
2015-05-20T15:02:01 <Bosmon> Thanks, michelled, danaayotte
2015-05-20T15:02:38 <Bosmon> I\'ve no idea why I don\'t get proper email notifications from our JIRA
2015-05-20T15:02:45 <michelled> great! thx danaayotte
2015-05-20T15:02:46 <Bosmon> But this is an issue stretching back over 8 years :)
2015-05-20T15:05:21 <Bosmon> danaayotte - I guess one thing we need to clarify with this design is with respect to the fact that it very conveniently shows an interaction for which the number of icons is exactly double the number which can be displayed :)
2015-05-20T15:05:32 <Bosmon> Say, for example, we had only 8 icons
2015-05-20T15:05:53 <Bosmon> I imagine you wouldn\'t like there to be a visual state in which only 3 icons were displayed, with 2 blank spaces
2015-05-20T15:06:10 <Bosmon> Which then raises the issue of exactly when during the interaction the "page flip" was to happen
2015-05-20T15:07:06 <Bosmon> I\'m wondering whether we wouldn\'t prefer a slightly more "smooth" variety of navigation where we say, "We attempt to display the currently active page in the 3rd icon slot if possible, otherwise in one of the other positions if we are close to the end of the range"
2015-05-20T15:08:10 <Bosmon> And "the bottom panel will always be filled with 5 icons"
2015-05-20T15:15:49 <danaayotte> Bosmon we had some concerns about moving the icons onto the page one at a time and keeping the pointy "current icon" indicator in one place (which I think is part of the solution you are suggesting)
2015-05-20T15:16:10 <danaayotte> we thought the progression from one to the next would not be as clear
2015-05-20T15:16:15 <Bosmon> ok
2015-05-20T15:16:31 <danaayotte> I\'m not overly concerned about having less than 5 on the page at a time
2015-05-20T15:17:35 <Bosmon> So would it be OK say, in the case of 8 icons, that it flipped at position 5 from showing icons 1-5 to showing icons 4-8 at position 6?
2015-05-20T15:19:06 <danaayotte> yes - by position 6 you mean position 1 of the 2nd page, right? and then it would progress to the right from there?
2015-05-20T15:19:33 <Bosmon> danaayotte - on the 2nd page of 4-8, the icon 6 would appear in position 3, and then it would progress to the right from there
2015-05-20T15:20:17 <Bosmon> This way we would always have some kind of change in pointy "current icon" position on a page flip
2015-05-20T15:21:20 <danaayotte> why is icon 6 in position 3? because you always want to fill the bottom with 5 icons?
2015-05-20T15:21:46 <Bosmon> danaayotte - yes ... I think, for example in the case where there were only 6 icons in total, it might be quite distracting to just have 1 icon in the bottom field on the 2nd page
2015-05-20T15:22:19 <danaayotte> I see
2015-05-20T15:23:08 <danaayotte> I agree it might seem odd
2015-05-20T15:25:48 <danaayotte> my concern is it might be more confusing to see the icons shift like that - so in the case of 6 icons it would go from icon 5 in position 5, to icon 6 in position 5 - I think the sense of progression could be lost because the pointy indicator would not move, what do you think?
2015-05-20T15:26:00 <danaayotte> Bosmon ^
2015-05-20T15:26:57 <Bosmon> danaayotte - oh yes, that\'s right
2015-05-20T15:27:40 <Bosmon> 6 is certainly a problematic number :)
2015-05-20T15:27:45 <danaayotte> yes!
2015-05-20T15:27:51 <danaayotte> let\'s never have 6 :)
2015-05-20T15:27:53 <Bosmon> Perhaps we can do our best not to implement 6 preferences : P
2015-05-20T15:27:58 <danaayotte> jinx
2015-05-20T15:30:03 <danaayotte> Bosmon: for now I\'d prefer to try having the icons stay put in their designated positions, which means icon 6 always appears in position 1 of page 2
2015-05-20T15:30:11 <danaayotte> does that make sense?
2015-05-20T15:30:16 <Bosmon> danaayotte - sure
2015-05-20T15:30:23 <danaayotte> great
2015-05-20T15:30:47 <danaayotte> thanks for asking!
2015-05-20T15:32:05 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:33:17 <Bosmon> danaayotte - cheers
2015-05-20T15:33:46 <Bosmon> danaayotte - so it seems that the icons are already present, within one of these eot or ttf files?
2015-05-20T15:33:48 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:33:52 <Bosmon> So in theory no more design work is needed for this
2015-05-20T15:34:04 <Bosmon> Is there a preferred tool for looking into the insides of these files and working with them?
2015-05-20T15:35:28 * michelled has quit
2015-05-20T15:37:08 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:37:58 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:40:08 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:40:43 <danaayotte> Bosmon - the newer icons are just placeholders
2015-05-20T15:40:48 <danaayotte> we are working on those now
2015-05-20T15:41:19 <Bosmon> I just downloaded a thing named "Birdfont" which doesn\'t work a damn
2015-05-20T15:41:24 <Bosmon> I guess it is for the birds : P
2015-05-20T15:41:37 <danaayotte> Birdfont!
2015-05-20T15:41:49 <danaayotte> I don\'t know it
2015-05-20T15:41:57 <Bosmon> I don\'t think you want to know it
2015-05-20T15:41:58 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:42:10 <Bosmon> It has its own uniquely broken concept of a file dialog that makes it completely impossible to open the file
2015-05-20T15:42:21 <danaayotte> oops
2015-05-20T15:44:23 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:46:07 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:47:19 <Bosmon> Hey cindyli - nice use of dynamicComponents for the icons :)
2015-05-20T15:48:12 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:48:17 <danaayotte> Bosmon I always use IcoMoon to create fonts, is that what you\'re looking for? once the icons are done we can create the fonts for you if you like
2015-05-20T15:48:22 <cindyli> cool. thanks, Bosmon
2015-05-20T15:48:44 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:49:35 * michelled has quit
2015-05-20T15:49:37 <Bosmon> danaayotte - wow, it\'s a web app :)
2015-05-20T15:49:59 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:50:08 <Bosmon> I was really just looking for a very simple app that would just let me see which icon was at which code point in the font
2015-05-20T15:50:43 <danaayotte> :) ok
2015-05-20T15:50:58 <danaayotte> I don\'t know of any, maybe Justin_o does?
2015-05-20T15:52:04 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:52:36 <Justin_o> danaayotte, Bosmon: I think jon wrote something up on the wiki about that. http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/How+to+Create+and+Use+Font+Icons
2015-05-20T15:52:59 <Justin_o> i\'ve also just gone through and applied them all to see what they are
2015-05-20T15:53:22 * michelled has quit
2015-05-20T15:53:47 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:55:30 * michelled joined the channel
2015-05-20T15:55:36 <Bosmon> Thanks, Justin_o - I tried this but Windows complained that the ttf font was invalid
2015-05-20T15:56:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :(
2015-05-20T15:56:08 <Justin_o> i wonder why that is
2015-05-20T15:56:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are you using the font from the first discovery repo?
2015-05-20T15:56:46 <Bosmon> yes
2015-05-20T15:57:48 <Justin_o> hmm.. not sure.. mac doesn\'t seem to be complaining about it.. does the .eot version work for you?
2015-05-20T15:58:01 <Bosmon> No, it doesn\'t even think that one is a font at all :)
2015-05-20T16:02:43 <Bosmon> Ok, it seeems to have finally mysteriously installed.... although it made the system unresponsive for quite a while : P
2015-05-20T16:02:52 <Bosmon> Ok
2015-05-20T16:03:02 <Bosmon> Looks like I will be spending a lot of the next days slinging a lot of CSS :)
2015-05-20T16:04:13 <michelled> Bosmon: I think anastasiac can help with that
2015-05-20T16:04:19 <michelled> let\'s ask her when she returns
2015-05-20T16:04:53 <Bosmon> It\'s fine, I think I should be able to handle it : P
2015-05-20T16:07:01 <Bosmon> Should be able to get it mostly visible although my "gorilla CSS" might need a bit of tidying up .....
2015-05-20T16:32:16 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-05-20T16:32:16 * gtirloni_ has quit
2015-05-20T16:32:43 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2015-05-20T16:37:06 * cindyli has quit
2015-05-20T16:44:51 * danaayotte has quit
2015-05-20T16:51:49 * sepideh joined the channel
2015-05-20T16:52:09 * anastasiac joined the channel
2015-05-20T17:04:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: just so you know, we don\'t have all of the icons in that icon file.. it still needs to be updated but the new icons are being developed still
2015-05-20T17:08:17 * cindyli joined the channel
2015-05-20T17:11:18 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2015-05-20T17:12:53 <Justin_o> anastasiac: I\'ve left you another comment on the FLOE-324 pull
2015-05-20T17:13:04 <anastasiac> k
2015-05-20T17:20:37 <anastasiac> Justin_o, your FLOE-324 comment led me down a rabbit hole
2015-05-20T17:21:33 <anastasiac> there are some other general styles that aren\xe2\x80\x99t scoped to gpii-fd, such as the button one on line 34, but if I scope it, it messes up other things that now become less specific than it
2015-05-20T17:21:46 <anastasiac> fixing that would require scoping just about everything
2015-05-20T17:21:59 <anastasiac> which would make things less performant
2015-05-20T17:22:09 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay, could you leave that comment on the pull request
2015-05-20T17:23:11 <anastasiac> k
2015-05-20T17:31:16 * danaayotte joined the channel
2015-05-20T17:33:28 <Justin_o> anastasiac: the button styles look broken now
2015-05-20T17:33:37 <anastasiac> ?
2015-05-20T17:33:41 <anastasiac> checking
2015-05-20T17:33:50 <Justin_o> the background is missing
2015-05-20T17:34:02 <anastasiac> argh
2015-05-20T17:34:10 <anastasiac> c**p, sorry...
2015-05-20T17:34:49 <anastasiac> ah, I accidentally committed the change I was testing and knew to be bad, Justin_o, let me fix
2015-05-20T17:35:03 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2015-05-20T17:35:31 <anastasiac> ok, Justin_o, pushed
2015-05-20T17:37:38 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2015-05-20T17:45:04 <Justin_o> anastasiac: merge FLOE-324
2015-05-20T17:45:13 <anastasiac> yay! thanks, Justin_o
2015-05-20T17:47:56 <danaayotte> Justin_o anastasiac just updating the wireframes for workshop and would like to change the word "controls" to "buttons" on the size screen so that it reads "adjust the text and buttons to a size you like best"
2015-05-20T17:48:21 <danaayotte> I think "controls" may not be clear to some users of this tool
2015-05-20T17:48:29 <anastasiac> danaayotte, that works for me \xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0makes sense
2015-05-20T17:48:42 <anastasiac> maybe Justin_o or cindyli can make that change in whatever branch they\xe2\x80\x99re currently working on
'

