b'2017-05-23T21:01:46 <Jess_> colinclark: do we have any of edgar\xe2\x80\x99s work to build on?
2017-05-23T21:01:59 <colinclark> of course, yes :)
2017-05-23T21:02:11 <colinclark> What I can\'t tell you is if it\'s particularly well-suited to build upon
2017-05-23T21:02:13 <colinclark> and by whom
2017-05-23T21:03:18 <Jess_> can you send a link to his work?
2017-05-23T21:05:10 <colinclark> It\'s in a private repository in the Inclusive Design Github space
2017-05-23T21:05:23 <colinclark> and if memory serves can\'t be made public due to the nature of Vidyo\'s API licensing
2017-05-23T21:05:31 <colinclark> but I\'d have to look into it
2017-05-23T21:06:12 <colinclark> but if you have a Github account I can add you to the repository
2017-05-23T21:06:36 <colinclark> It\'s a Node.js and Polymer-based application, so you\'ll need quite a bit of tooling to run it on your computer
2017-05-23T21:07:14 <colinclark> The feature and priority list is in our wiki, and lliskovoi\'s hi-fis are in Own Cloud
2017-05-23T21:07:15 <colinclark> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Designing+an+Accessible+Vidyo+Client
2017-05-23T21:08:32 <Jess_> colinclark: so, what information can we talk about at a planning meeting?
2017-05-23T21:09:11 <colinclark> Can you elaborate on your question?
2017-05-23T21:10:14 <Jess_> you said above it was largely a funding issue and that you can\xe2\x80\x99t speak to how well-suited what edgar build is to build upon or by whom \xe2\x80\x94 so, we have $, resources, and a window that is closed. how might we strategize making a plan?
2017-05-23T21:10:40 <colinclark> I\'m really confused by your question
2017-05-23T21:12:18 <Jess_> sorry, i meant to say we don\xe2\x80\x99t have $, we don\xe2\x80\x99t have resources, and we don\xe2\x80\x99t have a window \xe2\x80\x94 but we have a need for a plan. something has to give, no?
2017-05-23T21:13:26 <Jess_> our support contract technically ends in August this year \xe2\x80\x94 I\xe2\x80\x99ve been chatting with Vidyo about extending that
2017-05-23T21:13:33 <Jess_> it\xe2\x80\x99s another window closing
2017-05-23T21:15:17 <colinclark> This feels strangely adversarial, I\'m feeling a bit uncomfortable
2017-05-23T21:15:31 <colinclark> I think an accessible Vidyo client is really important
2017-05-23T21:15:51 <colinclark> I tried really hard to help deliver one without a lot of funding or support, and sadly we were affected by some contingencies
2017-05-23T21:16:15 <colinclark> we\'re in the midst of starting some new and very exciting projects, and of hiring to help support our existing gaps
2017-05-23T21:16:26 <Jess_> of course \xe2\x80\x94 they were unforseen issues
2017-05-23T21:16:49 <colinclark> there definitely might be some options for trying to build upon what Edgar did, or start fresh and stay very focused
2017-05-23T21:17:02 <Jess_> it isn\xe2\x80\x99t personal at all \xe2\x80\x94 nothing adversarial, just asking what can happen that will unwiggle one of those closed windows?
2017-05-23T21:17:30 <colinclark> hey, I\'m just mentioning how it feels
2017-05-23T21:17:44 <colinclark> Anyway, regardless of that
2017-05-23T21:17:48 <colinclark> It would be great to do it
2017-05-23T21:17:49 <colinclark> I\'m supportive of it
2017-05-23T21:18:13 <colinclark> I think we probably have to have a conversation with Jutta and Iris to figure out how we harmonize with our strategic plans and the current projects, and how we fund it
2017-05-23T21:18:24 <colinclark> presumably that\'s one way that something will "give"
2017-05-23T21:20:30 <Jess_> ok, should we or I set up a meeting with Jutta and Iris then?
2017-05-23T21:20:37 <colinclark> let\'s do ti
2017-05-23T21:20:41 <colinclark> it
2017-05-23T21:20:52 <colinclark> sounds great
2017-05-23T21:20:56 <Jess_> ok, it\xe2\x80\x99ll be sometime next week at the earliest \xe2\x80\x94 iris is out this week
2017-05-23T21:21:03 <colinclark> yep, exactly
2017-05-23T21:21:25 <Jess_> great
2017-05-23T21:21:27 <Jess_> thanks
2017-05-23T21:21:32 <colinclark> best next week, since Jutta and I are away for a good chunk of the following week
2017-05-23T21:21:40 <colinclark> thank you, Jess_
2017-05-23T21:21:40 <Jess_> ah, good to know
2017-05-23T21:22:46 * danayo has quit
2017-05-23T21:24:04 * danayo joined the channel
2017-05-23T22:00:03 <Jess_> danayo: ping
2017-05-23T22:00:17 <danayo> hi Jess_
2017-05-23T22:00:47 <Jess_> hey. so, remember that \xe2\x80\x9cpaper\xe2\x80\x9d i mentioned Carla and Otilia were working on for AAATE?
2017-05-23T22:01:14 <danayo> I do Jess_
2017-05-23T22:01:39 <danayo> I never finished reading it!
2017-05-23T22:01:51 <Jess_> danayo: i had a quick chit-chat with Carla this a.m. and I am basically rewriting it. I dunno if you have time or interest in skimming it once I\xe2\x80\x99m done?
2017-05-23T22:02:01 <Jess_> oh, don\xe2\x80\x99t start reading it now, it\xe2\x80\x99s being rewritten!
2017-05-23T22:02:12 <danayo> sure Jess_
2017-05-23T22:02:39 <Jess_> it\xe2\x80\x99s a pretty tight scope, so I don\xe2\x80\x99t think it should be much longer that I\xe2\x80\x99m editing
2017-05-23T22:02:46 <danayo> ok
2017-05-23T22:02:46 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-05-23T22:03:08 <danayo> email it to me when you\'re done, Jess_ ?
2017-05-23T22:03:17 <Jess_> danayo: will do. and thanks
2017-05-23T22:03:24 <danayo> mp
2017-05-23T22:04:49 <danayo> colinclark, simonjb how\'s this? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xOfmWivqTZDIpvXHvNLVF5LcWzoT64GOjyUCwT0YGs0/edit?usp=sharing
2017-05-23T22:10:21 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-05-23T22:18:30 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-05-23T22:18:46 <colinclark> danayo: It\'s looking really good!
2017-05-23T22:18:52 <colinclark> I\'m just making a few minor tweaks if that\'s ok
2017-05-23T22:19:17 <danayo> for sure colinclark
2017-05-23T22:19:27 <simonjb> danayo: could we add some pictures?
2017-05-23T22:19:33 <colinclark> that\'s a good idea, simonjb
2017-05-23T22:20:02 <simonjb> might help to make more concrete
2017-05-23T22:20:07 <danayo> sure simonjb, wasn\'t sure if you\'d want to show designs we have or not
2017-05-23T22:20:23 <danayo> to allow them to come up with own ideas ?
2017-05-23T22:20:58 <danayo> we could just point them to the narrative doc
2017-05-23T22:21:01 <danayo> it has all the mockups
2017-05-23T22:21:58 <danayo> simonjb ^
2017-05-23T22:22:27 <simonjb> danayo: yeah I think that you are right in that we want to give them space to think of their own ideas but we don\'t have a huge amount of time and I think providing some concrete visuals would be a good idea to provide context
2017-05-23T22:24:53 <simonjb> danayo, colinclark: I\'m thinking just maybe 2 or so images? what do you two think?
2017-05-23T22:25:02 <colinclark> seems good to me
2017-05-23T22:25:04 <danayo> I just dropped 3 images into the doc simonjb
2017-05-23T22:26:05 <danayo> what do you think of those?
2017-05-23T22:27:25 <colinclark> Does it work as a little appendix down there?
2017-05-23T22:27:35 <colinclark> "Some Example Design Sketches?"
2017-05-23T22:28:25 <danayo> looks good
2017-05-23T22:28:58 <simonjb> I think those look great danayo
2017-05-23T22:30:52 <colinclark> Do you think we\'re ready to ship it? :)
2017-05-23T22:33:02 <danayo> SHIP IT
2017-05-23T22:33:05 <simonjb> colinclark: looks good to me -- we just need to make sure that we know they only have to do a tiny part and not the whole thing :)
2017-05-23T22:33:13 <colinclark> yes :)
2017-05-23T22:33:16 <colinclark> I know it
2017-05-23T22:33:20 <colinclark> Do you know it, simonjb? :) :)
2017-05-23T22:33:34 <simonjb> I do :)
2017-05-23T22:33:41 <colinclark> it\'s going to be interesting
2017-05-23T22:33:50 <colinclark> and fun, I think
2017-05-23T22:34:00 <simonjb> yeah, I\'m looking forward to it
2017-05-23T22:34:48 * Justin_o has quit
2017-05-23T22:40:16 * danayo has quit
2017-05-23T22:47:22 * avtar has quit
2017-05-23T22:48:59 * simonjb has quit
2017-05-23T22:51:21 * colinclark has quit
2017-05-23T23:06:33 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-05-23T23:15:08 * mrtyler has quit
2017-05-23T23:20:20 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-05-23T23:26:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-05-23T23:41:00 * colinclark has quit
'

b'2017-05-23T05:30:12 * mrtyler has quit
2017-05-23T07:15:28 * Bosmon has quit
2017-05-23T07:19:13 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-05-23T07:23:43 * Bosmon has quit
2017-05-23T07:27:38 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-05-23T08:00:07 * Bosmon has quit
2017-05-23T08:03:49 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-05-23T08:46:01 * M-avtar has quit
2017-05-23T08:50:49 * M-avtar joined the channel
2017-05-23T09:53:33 * Bosmon has quit
2017-05-23T09:57:16 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-05-23T10:08:33 * Bosmon has quit
2017-05-23T10:12:36 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-05-23T10:32:09 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-05-23T11:11:48 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-05-23T12:09:15 * M-avtar has quit
2017-05-23T12:11:08 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-05-23T12:15:17 * M-avtar joined the channel
2017-05-23T12:48:03 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-05-23T12:53:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-05-23T12:58:51 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2017-05-23T13:01:20 * cindyli has quit
2017-05-23T13:01:37 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2017-05-23T13:12:19 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-05-23T13:33:41 * jhung joined the channel
2017-05-23T13:36:39 * jhung has quit
2017-05-23T13:36:56 * jhung joined the channel
2017-05-23T13:43:27 <Justin_o> jhung: is there a design crit today?
2017-05-23T13:43:38 <jhung> I was just about to send a message Justin_o.
2017-05-23T13:44:00 <jhung> I think not unless there\'s a topic in the next 5 minutes.
2017-05-23T13:44:07 <Justin_o> okay. i don\'t have anything
2017-05-23T14:04:30 * danayo joined the channel
2017-05-23T14:25:18 <Jess_> some interesting tidbits on storytelling here http://observatory.itesm.mx/edu-trends-storytelling?utm_source=Observatory+of+Educational+Innovation&utm_campaign=47dc57f731-EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_2017_02_24&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_b78a5ba17e-47dc57f731-235658933
2017-05-23T14:26:27 <Jess_> look what Nico from Cambridge has gotten up to! http://observatory.itesm.mx/edu-news/2017/5/22/blackboard-creates-accessibility-tool?utm_source=Observatory+of+Educational+Innovation&utm_campaign=47dc57f731-EMAIL_CAMPAIGN_2017_02_24&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_b78a5ba17e-47dc57f731-235658933
2017-05-23T14:28:46 <Jess_> and a cool video showing what a11y does: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ueUkzcqNik
2017-05-23T14:30:24 <Jess_> \xe2\x80\x9cmachine learning algorithms\xe2\x80\x9d to produce alternatives
2017-05-23T14:48:58 <danayo> hey Jess_ Tecnol\xc3\xb3gico de Monterrey both of these projects are associated with Tecnol\xc3\xb3gico de Monterrey - that\'s Silvia, right?
2017-05-23T14:49:21 <danayo> oh wait
2017-05-23T14:49:34 <danayo> Catalina
2017-05-23T14:50:00 <Jess_> danayo: at least with her institution \xe2\x80\x94 i\xe2\x80\x99m not sure if directly with her?
2017-05-23T14:50:19 <Jess_> at some time i must have signed up for some digest thingy with them
2017-05-23T14:50:39 <danayo> yeah, for sure - cool to see some of what they\'re up to
2017-05-23T14:50:55 <danayo> even if not nec. her directly
2017-05-23T14:58:52 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-05-23T15:06:55 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-05-23T15:18:50 * avtar joined the channel
2017-05-23T15:18:57 * colinclark has quit
2017-05-23T15:25:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-05-23T15:40:42 <danayo> jhung: thanks for sending that consumer report on privacy
2017-05-23T15:43:04 <jhung> danayo: No prob! I haven\'t read it fully myself, but from the bits I did look over, it was pretty good.
2017-05-23T15:43:39 <jhung> The presentation of it was nice too. I guess CR has a good track record of presenting scary things in a good way.
2017-05-23T15:44:21 <danayo> yeah it looks like a pretty comprehensive list of tips
2017-05-23T15:45:28 <danayo> i didn\'t know about https://10minutemail.com !
2017-05-23T15:47:41 <danayo> jhung: I\'ve been thinking about putting together a simple internet privacy workshop - to give at the calgary women\'s centre (and maybe useful elsewhere) - this will be very helpful!
2017-05-23T15:48:41 <jhung> danayo: yeah! I\'ve used 10minute email in the past. Really helpful for testing websites too.
2017-05-23T15:49:16 <jhung> glad the article is helpful.
2017-05-23T15:52:59 * colinclark has quit
2017-05-23T15:56:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-05-23T16:47:00 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-05-23T16:59:01 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-05-23T17:32:41 * avtar joined the channel
2017-05-23T17:33:07 * colinclark has quit
2017-05-23T18:17:57 <Jess_> Bosmon: i think i saw you asking about a webRTC link to Vidyo the other day, but it\xe2\x80\x99s possible I was dreaming. do you know which? dream or reality?
2017-05-23T18:21:08 * mrtyler has quit
2017-05-23T18:26:56 <Jess_> does anyone from fluid-everyone know the status of the webrtc work on Vidyo?
2017-05-23T18:27:00 <Jess_> is it defunct?
2017-05-23T18:28:46 <gtirloni> i haven\'t heard from edgar in quite a while (last email i have is from 11/30/2016)
2017-05-23T18:31:03 <Jess_> gtirloni: and the work wasn\xe2\x80\x99t ever to a point of use?
2017-05-23T18:32:20 <gtirloni> i\'m not sure. my last involvement was trying to get it to build, so i could setup CI, but that didn\'t work... i don\'t know if metatecture got something running on their side
2017-05-23T18:51:15 <avtar> danayo, Jess_: bert is at my desk asking if the social justice repair kit video can be uploaded somewhere
2017-05-23T18:51:30 <avtar> is the fluid youtube account a good home for it?
2017-05-23T18:51:54 <Jess_> avtar: hrm, it\xe2\x80\x99s a meeting so maybe it makes better sense to have it in owncloud?
2017-05-23T18:52:04 <Jess_> danayo: what do you think?
2017-05-23T18:52:15 <danayo> ultimately I\'d like to have a link from the wiki page here https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Social+Justice+Repair+Kit
2017-05-23T18:52:21 <danayo> and yeah, maybe not youtube
2017-05-23T18:52:26 <danayo> since it\'s a meeting
2017-05-23T18:52:29 <danayo> so owncloud could work
2017-05-23T18:55:13 <danayo> avtar can you put it in this folder? https://files.inclusivedesign.ca/index.php/s/5inKydwW2YOL0RD
2017-05-23T18:58:30 <avtar> danayo: i don\'t think i have the right privileges to upload there
2017-05-23T19:03:01 <gtirloni> what\'s the policy on meetings vs. youtube?
2017-05-23T19:05:15 <avtar> gtirloni: i\'m not sure :P
2017-05-23T19:05:24 <avtar> danayo, Jess_: ^
2017-05-23T19:08:55 <danayo> avtar can you dropbox or yousendit/hightail it to me and I\'ll put in owncloud?
2017-05-23T19:13:26 <avtar> danayo: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2jdTKOXOHGeTF8xMmcxS2RBT28/view?usp=sharing
2017-05-23T19:16:14 <Jess_> gtirloni: avtar: no policy re: youtube and meetings, just thought meetings would be more for meeting participants and youtube is more broad
2017-05-23T19:16:37 <Jess_> i think of our youtube channel as having videos that we\xe2\x80\x99ve produced to show our work
2017-05-23T19:16:46 <Jess_> owncloud more for artifacts we\xe2\x80\x99re working on
2017-05-23T19:16:57 <Jess_> i\xe2\x80\x99m not sure where video recordings of meetings should go
2017-05-23T19:17:24 <gtirloni> got it!
2017-05-23T19:18:21 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-05-23T19:24:43 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-05-23T19:30:46 <danayo> thanks avtar
2017-05-23T20:14:02 * avtar has quit
2017-05-23T20:17:45 * cindyli has quit
2017-05-23T20:19:30 * gtirloni has quit
2017-05-23T20:19:39 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-05-23T20:20:00 * avtar joined the channel
2017-05-23T20:30:56 * danayo has quit
2017-05-23T20:33:11 * cindyli has quit
2017-05-23T20:39:09 <Justin_o> Jess_, avtar: I\'ve been putting the video recordings that we have for the community meetings on cachefly
2017-05-23T20:39:41 <Jess_> oh, Justin_o what\xe2\x80\x99s that?
2017-05-23T20:39:43 <Justin_o> it would probably make sense at some point to standardize on one or two locations so that we could keep track of where things are
2017-05-23T20:39:50 <Justin_o> Jess_: its our CDN
2017-05-23T20:40:41 <Jess_> Justin_o: ah
2017-05-23T20:41:10 <Justin_o> i\'m not sure what else is up there, but i think we have unlimited storage.. avtar would know better though
2017-05-23T20:41:31 <Jess_> Justin_o: \xe2\x80\x9cour\xe2\x80\x9d = IDRC?
2017-05-23T20:41:54 <avtar> yup, the idrc cachefly account doesn\'t have any quotas
2017-05-23T20:42:51 <Justin_o> Jess_: yes, IDRC\'s
2017-05-23T20:43:42 <Jess_> well, that\xe2\x80\x99s fancy
2017-05-23T20:44:41 <colinclark> Jess_: I saw earlier that you were asking about "the status of the webrtc work on Vidyo," but I wasn\'t totally sure what you were referring to
2017-05-23T20:45:10 <colinclark> Our version of Vidyo is now all set up so that people can connect to it via WebRTC, without additional plugins
2017-05-23T20:45:31 <Jess_> colinclark: how does one do that? and is the interface screen reader capable?
2017-05-23T20:45:46 <colinclark> Jess_: The latter question is probably one for your contact at Vidyo
2017-05-23T20:45:51 <colinclark> since it\'s their standard interface
2017-05-23T20:46:06 <Jess_> ok, so it\xe2\x80\x99s not a different interface, it\xe2\x80\x99s just connecting useing webrtc
2017-05-23T20:46:10 <Jess_> that\xe2\x80\x99s what i was asking
2017-05-23T20:46:10 <colinclark> and I think one simply follows a link to our Vidyo portal without having any plugins or the client installed :)
2017-05-23T20:46:18 <colinclark> well, it\'s a different interface in the sense that it\'s not the native client
2017-05-23T20:46:24 <Jess_> can you send the link?
2017-05-23T20:46:33 <colinclark> That\'s what I\'m saying
2017-05-23T20:46:39 <colinclark> As far as I know there is no special link
2017-05-23T20:46:43 <colinclark> it\'s just our portal :)
2017-05-23T20:46:45 <colinclark> It\'s built into it
2017-05-23T20:46:54 <Jess_> ok, our portal is not screen reader capable
2017-05-23T20:47:06 <colinclark> using which version of the client?
2017-05-23T20:47:11 <Jess_> what i\xe2\x80\x99m trying to get at is did we get an accessible link set up \xe2\x80\x94 and it sounds as though we did not
2017-05-23T20:47:20 * danayo joined the channel
2017-05-23T20:47:30 <colinclark> no, we sadly weren\'t able to finish our own accessible alternative client
2017-05-23T20:48:02 <Jess_> colinclark: is there a folllow-up plan for that?
2017-05-23T20:48:07 <colinclark> not that I know, no
2017-05-23T20:48:49 <Jess_> colinclark: we should probably have one \xe2\x80\x94 since we use Vidyo and as-is it is not screen-reader accessible
2017-05-23T20:49:08 <colinclark> Indeed, we should
2017-05-23T20:50:07 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-05-23T20:53:34 <Jess_> colinclark: perhaps you and i can chat with Michelle next week about folding it into the roadmap?
2017-05-23T20:53:53 <colinclark> The planning meeting is a good forum for that, yes
2017-05-23T20:54:37 <Jess_> sounds good
2017-05-23T20:55:00 <colinclark> I fear our window for this has closed for a bit, while we bootstrap our new projects, but let\'s see
2017-05-23T20:55:06 <colinclark> it was a real shame that we spent so much time in this limbo
2017-05-23T20:55:31 <colinclark> no one knew who was providing us support, and so we burned a bunch of contractor time
2017-05-23T20:55:35 <colinclark> and then our contract bolted, which was also a shame :)
2017-05-23T20:55:49 <Jess_> colinclark: if our window has closed how might we open it? will the planning meeting resolve that?
2017-05-23T20:56:07 <colinclark> We can certainly talk it through there
2017-05-23T20:56:16 <colinclark> but from my perspective it\'s largely a funding discussion
2017-05-23T20:56:27 <Jess_> colinclark: it was already funded techncially
2017-05-23T20:56:36 <colinclark> Yes, it was
2017-05-23T20:57:57 <colinclark> What\'s the status with Vidyo making their own clients more accessible?
2017-05-23T20:58:01 <colinclark> Any progress there?
2017-05-23T20:58:28 * gtirloni has quit
2017-05-23T21:00:04 <Jess_> colinclark: i just send a fairly sharp email to the VP product saying it\xe2\x80\x99s been 8 months and they haven\xe2\x80\x99t actually made anything more accessible rather they\xe2\x80\x99ve introduced more features that widen the gap. and it\xe2\x80\x99s a shame/lost opportunity since they rebuilt the app \xe2\x80\x94 we\xe2\x80\x99ll see if he replies
2017-05-23T21:00:19 <colinclark> ah too bad
'

