b'2017-09-26T16:51:51 <Justin_o> gtirloni: or it could be from our fork of it https://github.com/fluid-project/prefsEditors
2017-09-26T16:51:56 <Justin_o> i\'m not sure
2017-09-26T16:53:24 <colinclark> sepidehshahi: yup, it\'s a tough one
2017-09-26T16:53:32 <colinclark> the "anticipatory design" point is curious
2017-09-26T16:54:02 <colinclark> it seems to read something into the term that is very specialized, and which people might not pick up ona
2017-09-26T16:54:18 * danayo joined the channel
2017-09-26T16:55:37 <colinclark> sepidehshahi: I made a few edits but I\'m not sure I\'m there yet
2017-09-26T16:55:41 <colinclark> so feel free to add, change, revert
2017-09-26T16:55:46 <gtirloni> Justin_o colinclark: ok, it\'s being deployed here: https://build.fluidproject.org/prefsEditors/demos/explorationTool/
2017-09-26T16:56:55 <colinclark> sepidehshahi: My other question, and I really am not sure of the answer to this
2017-09-26T16:57:14 <colinclark> is how much we want to highlight the methods within our various examples
2017-09-26T16:57:25 <sepidehshahi> colinclark: I had a boss at my previous job, he used that term,. He was saying we as designers should anticipate what users needs and he called it anticipatory design ;)
2017-09-26T16:57:30 <colinclark> aha
2017-09-26T16:57:32 <colinclark> fascinating
2017-09-26T16:57:54 <colinclark> it seems to have picked up currency as something else
2017-09-26T16:58:00 <colinclark> essentially adaptive or predictive UIs
2017-09-26T16:58:07 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks
2017-09-26T16:58:08 <colinclark> I guess Clippy if it didn\'t suck :)
2017-09-26T16:58:39 <colinclark> so the Nexus musical instrument was indeed a speculative prototype of a new way of enabling music-making by people who might otherwise be unable to participate
2017-09-26T16:58:53 <colinclark> it also opened up, for us, the idea of using improvisation as a co-design method
2017-09-26T16:59:10 <colinclark> similarly, the Science Lab prototype opened up a few new method ideas for us
2017-09-26T16:59:27 <colinclark> The idea that participants could also be part of the documentation process
2017-09-26T16:59:40 <colinclark> i.e. the kids shot some of the video footage in that video
2017-09-26T17:00:10 <colinclark> also that play and hands-on experimentation, coupled with reflection and interpretation, was a promising method for co-designing
2017-09-26T17:00:47 <colinclark> Building, as part of the create-a-thon, as a way of making "intangible" software interfaces more tangible, and thus eliciting new approaches
2017-09-26T17:00:52 <colinclark> also coupled with play, as above
2017-09-26T17:00:54 <colinclark> etc.
2017-09-26T17:00:59 <colinclark> I dont\' want to get too schematic, though
2017-09-26T17:01:38 <colinclark> In that HCII presentation we gave, one of the things I highlighted about our co-design was that it wasn\'t an instrumentalized process like many industrial design processes
2017-09-26T17:01:44 <colinclark> do this, then do that
2017-09-26T17:01:55 <colinclark> with a fixed toolbox of design methods
2017-09-26T17:02:09 <colinclark> but a lot about being flexible and sensitive to the situation
2017-09-26T17:02:18 <sepidehshahi> colinclark: I agree. I think it\xe2\x80\x99s good to  talk about co-design in a general sense and also mention what challenges they may experience applying a co-design method
2017-09-26T17:02:24 <colinclark> yup
2017-09-26T17:03:21 <sepidehshahi> in most examples that we have here basically we have done more of testing ideas, or prototypes that were already produced than creating something from scratch
2017-09-26T17:03:22 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-09-26T17:03:40 <sepidehshahi> which was still very valuable and we learned so much from it
2017-09-26T17:04:28 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-26T17:18:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T17:19:08 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-26T17:26:23 * colinclark has quit
2017-09-26T17:43:17 * jessm has quit
2017-09-26T17:46:51 * cindyli has quit
2017-09-26T17:48:53 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-26T17:49:32 <danayo> michelled google doc notes here https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wMDoBFxnYrzzlYCFkwgefXnRusFcP-fi9DiLwa9nfw0/edit?usp=sharing
2017-09-26T17:49:35 <danayo> gmoss
2017-09-26T17:50:02 <michelled> thx danayo!
2017-09-26T17:58:20 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-09-26T17:58:20 * Jess_ has quit
2017-09-26T18:08:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T18:08:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T18:10:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T18:17:43 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-26T18:32:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T18:33:08 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-26T18:35:08 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-26T18:46:17 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-26T18:47:35 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-26T19:22:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T19:38:21 * jessm joined the channel
2017-09-26T19:46:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T19:52:46 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-26T20:08:45 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-26T20:10:26 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-26T20:11:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T20:21:59 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-26T20:22:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T20:25:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-09-26T20:31:07 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-26T20:32:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-26T20:51:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T21:00:56 * clown has quit
2017-09-26T21:16:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T21:22:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T21:23:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T21:24:49 * gtirloni has quit
2017-09-26T21:27:05 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-09-26T21:56:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T22:00:50 * simonjb has quit
2017-09-26T22:02:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T22:02:30 * alanharnum has quit
2017-09-26T22:03:26 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-09-26T22:03:31 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2017-09-26T22:06:57 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-26T22:17:44 * Caren_ has quit
2017-09-26T23:00:01 * colinclark has quit
2017-09-26T23:28:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T23:38:44 * alanharn_ joined the channel
'

b'2017-09-26T00:04:17 * mrtyler has quit
2017-09-26T00:05:54 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-26T00:38:01 * mrtyler has quit
2017-09-26T00:55:26 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-26T01:14:39 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-26T01:32:26 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-26T03:42:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-09-26T09:32:07 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-09-26T10:48:26 * gtirloni is now known as inclusivebot
2017-09-26T10:49:06 * inclusivebot is now known as gtirloni
2017-09-26T12:16:33 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-09-26T12:53:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-09-26T13:00:13 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-09-26T13:00:20 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-26T13:04:11 <sepidehshahi> Hi Justin_o do you know if the build site is working fine? I need to see the chart authoring demo but it shows me the 404 error
2017-09-26T13:07:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T13:20:53 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-26T13:25:09 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-09-26T13:33:33 <sepidehshahi> Good morning gtirloni, I\xe2\x80\x99m trying to access chart authoring tool demo on the build site but it keeps showing me 404 error. For all other demos I get the 404 error as well.
2017-09-26T13:37:23 <gtirloni> sepidehshahi: good morning. let me check that, one sec
2017-09-26T13:37:25 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-26T13:37:33 <sepidehshahi> thanks
2017-09-26T13:38:18 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-26T13:38:29 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-26T13:39:10 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-09-26T13:39:53 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-09-26T14:05:40 <gtirloni> sepidehshahi: the site is missing a copy of infusion, i\'m building a new one (should take a few more minutes), sorry about that
2017-09-26T14:06:07 <sepidehshahi> no worries, thanks a lot gtirloni
2017-09-26T14:16:21 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-26T14:21:17 <gtirloni> sepidehshahi: it should be okay now. sorry for the delay (it had to pass all tests first)
2017-09-26T14:21:32 <sepidehshahi> Awesome! thx
2017-09-26T14:22:39 <sepidehshahi> gtirloni: it\xe2\x80\x99s not working yet :(
2017-09-26T14:32:24 <michelled> sepidehshahi: thought you might like this: https://ind.ie/ethical-design/
2017-09-26T14:32:56 <simonjb> hi sepidehshahi, last week we met to chat about planning Nexus work and one of the ideas that we had was to do a UX evaluation of the Nexus visualization ("Visible Nexus") to help us identify next steps
2017-09-26T14:33:19 <simonjb> I was wondering if you might have some time next week to do an evaluation together?
2017-09-26T14:33:45 <sepidehshahi> absolutely simonjb.
2017-09-26T14:33:50 <simonjb> awesome sepidehshahi
2017-09-26T14:35:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-09-26T14:36:41 <sepidehshahi> very interesting michelled, thank for sharing
2017-09-26T14:36:46 <michelled> np
2017-09-26T14:39:19 <sepidehshahi> colinclark:, jessm lliskovoi here are a few examples we talked about yesterday: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1po6_TFP_KQN01mzsExy_e476wnROLKzUsV96MZWOgyU/edit?usp=sharing
2017-09-26T14:39:35 <sepidehshahi> please feel free to modify, thx
2017-09-26T14:39:57 <lliskovoi> thanks sepidehshahi
2017-09-26T14:40:07 <sepidehshahi> yw
2017-09-26T14:51:51 <sepidehshahi> gtirloni: the chart authoring tool demo is still not working. Is there anything I can do on my end?
2017-09-26T14:52:04 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-09-26T14:52:36 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-26T14:55:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T14:55:19 <lliskovoi> sepidehshahi, colinclark jessm  in the Facilitate Inclusively section, should we capture somehow that everyone in the co-design process should feel that they are an equal contributor? That they\'re not a participant or subject, but a co-creator?
2017-09-26T14:55:26 <gtirloni> sepidehshahi: please try now. i\'ve created FLUID-6200 to improve the situation
2017-09-26T14:56:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T14:56:39 <sepidehshahi> it\xe2\x80\x99s working now. thx!
2017-09-26T14:56:44 <sepidehshahi> gtirloni: ^
2017-09-26T14:56:52 <gtirloni> nice!
2017-09-26T14:59:10 <colinclark> lliskovoi, sepidehshahi, I wonder if the issue is that we don\'t really situate community practice
2017-09-26T14:59:11 <sepidehshahi> yes lliskovoi, I totally agree with you. I was just using the bullet points in the cards, in the description of \xe2\x80\x9cfacilitate Inclusively\xe2\x80\x9d it descibes what you just mentioned. Please add it to slide
2017-09-26T14:59:17 <colinclark> why we practice design as a community
2017-09-26T14:59:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T14:59:53 <colinclark> it\'s not just so everyone can feel equal, but because this is their "home" that we\'re building\xe2\x80\x94they need to have a stake in the process and they will the ones ultimately living in it for a long time afterwards
2017-09-26T15:00:34 * danayo joined the channel
2017-09-26T15:00:36 <colinclark> So I think it\'s important, perhaps in a missing first slide, to highlight the situation we\'re in and why a change of design approach is necessary
2017-09-26T15:01:01 <lliskovoi> colinclark: agreed, they why is really important here
2017-09-26T15:01:17 <sepidehshahi> +1
2017-09-26T15:01:38 <colinclark> We might want to remind people that especially in technology, our creations don\'t reflect the diversity around us
2017-09-26T15:02:14 <sepidehshahi> Hi danayo: we are talking about the slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1po6_TFP_KQN01mzsExy_e476wnROLKzUsV96MZWOgyU/edit#slide=id.g2769b75c3e_0_11
2017-09-26T15:02:35 <colinclark> and the point I made yesterday about how, when working with and for people with disabilities, we\'ve got this legacy of medicalization and rehabilitation and distancing expertise
2017-09-26T15:02:50 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-09-26T15:02:55 <colinclark> and so that is the motivation for our different approach
2017-09-26T15:03:06 <colinclark> it\'s not just that we want everyone to be equal, or we like collaboration or whatever
2017-09-26T15:03:13 <colinclark> of course we do :)
2017-09-26T15:03:20 <danayo> thanks sepidehshahi
2017-09-26T15:03:26 <colinclark> but that we\'re in an environment that demands a different way of working
2017-09-26T15:03:51 <colinclark> there\'s a little reference to this in the paper we wrote in the inclusive design section
2017-09-26T15:04:35 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2017-09-26T15:04:53 <colinclark> we should also point out that the "traditional wisdom" of many design processes, that users don\'t know what they want and can\'t articulate it, isn\'t true in this environment
2017-09-26T15:05:24 <lliskovoi> colinclark: I agree, but I think having an equal voice is a bit of a different point. What I was getting at is that people shouldn\'t feel like they\'re participants being observed, but contributors.
2017-09-26T15:05:32 <lliskovoi> I have to hop on a call, back in a bit
2017-09-26T15:05:34 <colinclark> people who have been continually forced to adapt themselves to a world that wasn\'t designed for them, who have had to find personal "hacks" and workarounds and made do, tend to be remarkably reflective of their own needs
2017-09-26T15:05:42 <colinclark> lliskovoi: Yes, that\'s entirely true
2017-09-26T15:06:23 <colinclark> and it raises the question, "how do you make people not feel like they\'re subjects?"
2017-09-26T15:06:40 <colinclark> and hopefully the answer is to "support communities"
2017-09-26T15:06:44 <colinclark> plural intentional
2017-09-26T15:06:54 <colinclark> and to "design within communities"
2017-09-26T15:07:45 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-09-26T15:14:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T15:35:00 * jessm has quit
2017-09-26T15:39:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-09-26T15:40:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-09-26T15:42:25 * jessm joined the channel
2017-09-26T15:42:44 <colinclark> if Sanders has "generative tools" at the start of the design process, perhaps we have "design continuation tools" at the end
2017-09-26T15:43:02 <colinclark> and the design process, as a whole, is situated in community practices
2017-09-26T15:54:00 <lliskovoi> colinclark: Re: ""how do you make people not feel like they\'re subjects?" the first thing that comes to mind is transparency and an opportunity for co-designers to not only help come up with solutions but also identify the questions, moving away from a scenario where potential end users come in to provide feedback on solutions that designers have already generated to questions they have already identified.
2017-09-26T15:54:17 <colinclark> yup
2017-09-26T15:54:24 <colinclark> I think you just nailed it :)
2017-09-26T15:54:46 <colinclark> very much related to what we were discussing yesterday about the limits of "facilitation" within co-design
2017-09-26T15:54:55 <lliskovoi> Maybe a good question for the class? How can we set the stage to make participants feel like co-creators?
2017-09-26T15:55:29 <colinclark> If one is feeling like drawing out a difference between "participatory" and "co-design" methods (not that it\'s always necessary to do so), this would be a big point
2017-09-26T15:55:33 <danayo> or how can they BE co-creators lliskovoi ?
2017-09-26T15:55:37 <danayo> :)
2017-09-26T15:55:42 <colinclark> :)
2017-09-26T15:56:17 <lliskovoi> danayo: haha so true!! very important distinction!
2017-09-26T15:58:55 * jessm has quit
2017-09-26T15:59:08 <colinclark> after reading the Sanders article that the class apparently has had assigned to them, I read a quite interesting short Donald Norman essay in the same issue of the ACM Interactions
2017-09-26T15:59:10 <colinclark> http://www.maketools.com/articles-papers/interactions20081112_dl.pdf
2017-09-26T15:59:18 <colinclark> Called "Signifiers, Not Affordances"
2017-09-26T15:59:40 <colinclark> which is interesting in terms of how it situates meaning-making within a design as social and cultural
2017-09-26T15:59:43 <colinclark> and often "accidental"
2017-09-26T16:00:04 <colinclark> and that serendipitious or accidental part is quite interesting to me in terms of inclusive design
2017-09-26T16:00:46 <colinclark> in terms of thinking about creating a design "landscape" in which a user might well find their own accidental signifiers for understanding how a UI works, without us fully having planned or intended it
2017-09-26T16:00:57 <colinclark> he uses the example of wanting to know which direction the wind is coming from
2017-09-26T16:01:06 <colinclark> and how you can see it by looking at a flag on a flagpole
2017-09-26T16:01:06 <danayo> that\'s great colinclark
2017-09-26T16:01:17 <colinclark> and of course the flag was put there for perhaps completely different reasons
2017-09-26T16:01:51 * jessm joined the channel
2017-09-26T16:03:06 <colinclark> "We are all detectives searching for clues to enable us to function in this complex world. Whether it is flags waving in the wind, the difference between empty or crowded train platforms, or the desire lines illustrated by footprints in the fields, we search for significant signs in the world that offer guidance. In the social world comprising people and technology, these cues are social signifiers."
2017-09-26T16:13:22 * michelled1 has quit
2017-09-26T16:13:54 <colinclark> danayo, lliskovoi, sepidehshahi: I have just been reading a bit about the early "Scandinavian design" projects...
2017-09-26T16:14:05 <colinclark> thanks to Bosmon, who send me some papers
2017-09-26T16:14:16 <colinclark> You might find this interesting: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/221271354_UTOPIA_Participatory_Design_from_Scandinavia_to_the_World
2017-09-26T16:14:19 * michelled joined the channel
2017-09-26T16:14:39 <danayo> thanks colinclark
2017-09-26T16:14:52 <colinclark> We\'re going to be meeting with one of the original UTOPIA designers
2017-09-26T16:15:00 <colinclark> so hopefully we can put together a meeting where we exchange ideas
2017-09-26T16:15:12 <colinclark> UTOPIA was one of the first worker-engaged software design projects
2017-09-26T16:15:26 <sepidehshahi> this is amazing colinclark
2017-09-26T16:15:28 <colinclark> "These projects emphasized the active cooperation between researchers and workers of the organization to help improve their work situation. One strong goal was to \xe2\x80\x98give the end users a voice\xe2\x80\x99 in design and development of computer support in work places, thus enhancing the quality of the resulting system. The projects were part of the start of the \xe2\x80\x9cScandinavian tradition\xe2\x80\x9d in system design."
2017-09-26T16:15:32 <danayo> oh! that would be great
2017-09-26T16:21:43 <colinclark> It sounds like there was a huge emphasis in UTOPIA on the value of what I like to think of as danayo-ism
2017-09-26T16:21:52 <colinclark> lots of cardboard and low-tech mockups
2017-09-26T16:22:09 <colinclark> such as wooden mice and cardboard laser printers :)
2017-09-26T16:23:16 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-09-26T16:25:26 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-09-26T16:27:02 <colinclark> "For exploring the many innovative new forms of interaction today and their use in mixing old and new technologies, multiplicity and ad-hoc configuration everywhere and anytime, for tailorability, adaptation and awareness in networks and communities, the \xe2\x80\x9cScandinavian\xe2\x80\x9d cooperative design with users is needed at least as much as before."
2017-09-26T16:31:07 * danayo_ joined the channel
2017-09-26T16:31:34 * danayo has quit
2017-09-26T16:31:55 <danayo_> danayo-ism! :D
2017-09-26T16:32:06 <danayo_> this sounds great
2017-09-26T16:33:39 <danayo_> UTOPIA, I mean
2017-09-26T16:35:26 * clown1 has quit
2017-09-26T16:35:34 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-26T16:37:14 * clown joined the channel
2017-09-26T16:40:10 <colinclark> :)
2017-09-26T16:41:06 <colinclark> sepidehshahi: Are there other changes you\'ve been contemplating for the slide deck?
2017-09-26T16:49:43 <colinclark> gtirloni: This link seems to be busted as well on our build site: https://build.fluidproject.org/explorationTool
2017-09-26T16:50:12 <gtirloni> colinclark: do you know what that\'s part of?
2017-09-26T16:50:21 <gtirloni> the repo
2017-09-26T16:50:32 <colinclark> Justin_o: Can you answer gtirloni\'s question? ^
2017-09-26T16:50:51 <gtirloni> we have 5-6 CI jobs that deploy build.fluidproject.org because content comes from various places
2017-09-26T16:51:18 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i believe that\'s from GPII\'s prefsEditor repo
2017-09-26T16:51:33 <sepidehshahi> colinclark, danayo_: I was trying to add a slide to the beginning. I\xe2\x80\x99m struggling though\xe2\x80\xa6 I want to set the conversation in a way that engages Vera\xe2\x80\x99s students in the conversation
'

