b'2017-02-16T01:40:09 * cindyli has quit
2017-02-16T01:41:38 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-16T02:03:57 * cindyli has quit
2017-02-16T02:54:41 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-02-16T02:55:20 * Jess_ has quit
2017-02-16T09:03:23 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-16T11:03:20 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-02-16T12:17:27 * Yan_Hu joined the channel
2017-02-16T12:40:58 * noveens joined the channel
2017-02-16T12:47:44 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-02-16T12:51:25 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-02-16T12:58:57 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-16T13:03:37 * michelled joined the channel
2017-02-16T13:26:53 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-02-16T13:48:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-16T13:54:37 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-02-16T13:57:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-16T14:22:50 * amatas joined the channel
2017-02-16T14:26:24 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-16T14:51:55 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-16T15:05:37 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-16T15:06:43 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-16T15:08:47 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-02-16T15:54:18 * jhung has quit
2017-02-16T15:57:31 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-16T15:57:42 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-02-16T15:59:36 * alanharnum has quit
2017-02-16T16:02:12 <Justin_o> jhung, danayo: intersted in pairing on a spike for svg icons with me?
2017-02-16T16:02:15 <Justin_o> some time today
2017-02-16T16:02:56 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m going to ask this because it\'s been used a lot lately\xe2\x80\xa6 what exactly is a "spike"? I feel like I should know it, but it was never explained.
2017-02-16T16:03:58 <Justin_o> i should let alanharnum define that
2017-02-16T16:04:55 <Justin_o> i\'m using it in the colloquial sense that i\'m perceiving the definition to be, which is a more or less quick exploration into the area and producing something at the end.
2017-02-16T16:05:16 <alanharnum> Justin_o: that\'s how I use it as well
2017-02-16T16:05:48 <alanharnum> the "formal" XP definition is this one http://www.extremeprogramming.org/rules/spike.html
2017-02-16T16:06:22 <Justin_o> thank alanharnum
2017-02-16T16:06:24 <Justin_o> jhung: ^^
2017-02-16T16:07:04 <jhung> alanharnum, Justin_o: ah ok, makes sense. I have no problems with slang (it can sometimes be more efficient) but we should make sure it\'s understood. Otherwise it comes across as exclusive.
2017-02-16T16:07:29 <Justin_o> we do need a glossary
2017-02-16T16:07:39 <Justin_o> it\'d be awesome if we had a channel bot we could ask to define a term
2017-02-16T16:07:57 <jhung> Indeed. Even more "common" terms like "Fork" and "Repo" is foreign to many people.
2017-02-16T16:08:12 <Justin_o> jhung: i think it depends on the domain people are comfortable in
2017-02-16T16:08:28 <Justin_o> so there will always be words/terms that are common to some and foreign to others
2017-02-16T16:08:36 <jhung> Justin_o: exactly. The terms only work well if it\'s understood.
2017-02-16T16:08:49 <Justin_o> but it\'s interesting because the definition of "fork" for example is very different in different domains
2017-02-16T16:09:00 <Justin_o> so you need to understand the context
2017-02-16T16:09:24 <Justin_o> jhung: so want to pair up?
2017-02-16T16:09:42 <Justin_o> and we should think about a definition bot for GSoC project at some point too
2017-02-16T16:10:34 <jhung> sure Justin_o.
2017-02-16T16:10:46 <Justin_o> jhung: when do you have time?
2017-02-16T16:11:00 <jhung> Might as well make time now Justin_o.
2017-02-16T16:11:19 <Justin_o> jhung: sure, vidyo?
2017-02-16T16:11:28 <jhung> Sure. Your room.
2017-02-16T16:11:32 <Justin_o> sure
2017-02-16T16:18:29 <danayo> jhung Justin_o: i\'m in a meeting at the moment
2017-02-16T16:18:42 <Justin_o> danayo: feel free to join us when you are free
2017-02-16T16:18:57 <danayo> also didn\'t know what a spike was :)
2017-02-16T16:21:56 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-16T16:24:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-16T16:26:07 <jhung> https://github.com/FWeinb/grunt-svgstore/#optionsinheritviewbox-since-040
2017-02-16T16:26:10 <jhung> ^Justin_o
2017-02-16T16:29:10 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-16T16:55:48 <danayo> alanharnum, michelled shall we continue? or maybe we\'re good for now?
2017-02-16T16:56:16 <alanharnum> danayo michelled: I can continue, or just take the time to read the grant etc
2017-02-16T16:56:30 <michelled> either is fine for me
2017-02-16T16:57:26 <danayo> alanharnum, michelled:  i was thinking it might be good to meet again once we have a chance to look through everything
2017-02-16T16:57:44 <alanharnum> michelled danayo: maybe after dashboard meeting?
2017-02-16T16:57:54 <michelled> sounds good
2017-02-16T16:57:56 <michelled> just ping me
2017-02-16T16:57:58 <danayo> ok
2017-02-16T17:01:30 <michelled> alanharnum, danayo: interestingly, the CMHR site has a story gathering section: https://humanrights.ca/act/share-your-story
2017-02-16T17:01:34 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2017-02-16T17:01:56 <danayo> cool michelled
2017-02-16T17:20:20 * simonjb has quit
2017-02-16T17:43:19 <danayo> michelled, alanharnum: just came across this too - though it might be a little too "systematic and rigorous" for SJRK story collecting
2017-02-16T17:45:19 * clown has quit
2017-02-16T17:51:04 * clown joined the channel
2017-02-16T17:51:59 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2017-02-16T17:52:27 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-02-16T17:54:27 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-02-16T17:57:34 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-02-16T17:59:39 * jhung has quit
2017-02-16T18:03:19 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-16T18:11:36 <Justin_o> danayo: were you interested in joining our svg icon chat
2017-02-16T18:11:41 <Justin_o> we\'re in my vidyo room
2017-02-16T18:13:10 * alanharn_ has quit
2017-02-16T18:19:36 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-02-16T18:20:59 <lliskovoi> danayo: I got caught up on a call and now I\'m late for the dashboard meeting, did I miss it?
2017-02-16T18:21:20 <danayo> lliskovoi: we just wrapped up, it was a short one
2017-02-16T18:21:34 <lliskovoi> sorry I missed it danayo :(
2017-02-16T18:22:15 <danayo> no worries lliskovoi
2017-02-16T18:33:08 <danayo> Justin_o: thanks and sorry - can\'t join you just now - got to step our for a bit and then i think meeting about SJRK
2017-02-16T18:47:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-16T18:48:01 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-16T19:03:09 * danayo has quit
2017-02-16T19:08:29 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-16T19:09:48 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-16T19:16:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-02-16T19:19:15 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-16T19:21:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-16T19:29:00 * clown_mtg has quit
2017-02-16T19:31:11 * danayo joined the channel
2017-02-16T19:32:27 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-16T20:01:26 * jhung has quit
2017-02-16T20:02:58 * jhung joined the channel
2017-02-16T20:24:07 * Yan_Hu has quit
2017-02-16T20:26:53 <danayo> michelled and alanharnum: want to check in?
2017-02-16T20:31:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-16T20:33:31 <alanharnum> danayo michelled: i\'m available, sure
2017-02-16T20:38:04 <danayo> alanharnum: how about we meet in my room and michelled can join us when/if she can
2017-02-16T20:38:18 <alanharnum> danayo: sure, be there shortly
2017-02-16T21:16:56 * danayo has quit
2017-02-16T21:20:09 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-16T21:25:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-16T21:34:49 * colinclark has quit
2017-02-16T21:36:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-02-16T21:43:42 <michelled> sorry alanharnum - got caught up trying to put together furniture
2017-02-16T21:43:52 <michelled> I\'m guessing I missed your meeting
2017-02-16T21:44:07 <alanharnum> michelled: no worries - danayo & I talked some things through & I sent an email to arrange a meeting with JT
2017-02-16T21:44:24 <alanharnum> putting furniture together is exciting!
2017-02-16T21:51:21 <Justin_o> lliskovoi, jhung: I\'ve added a wiki page which outlines some of the thinking around SVG icons, approaches we can try, and etc. https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Research+SVG+Icons
2017-02-16T21:51:43 <Justin_o> It includes links the resources I\'ve been looking at so far. Please feel free to expand and modify as needed.
2017-02-16T21:53:39 <jhung> great Justin_o. It\'d be good to keep this as an ILDH resource, and then add a section on how we implemented a solution.
2017-02-16T21:54:43 <Justin_o> jhung: agreed.. i\'m still sorting through the details though, so it\'s probably not ready yet to be published in the ILDH
2017-02-16T22:03:38 * simonjb has quit
2017-02-16T22:11:33 <lliskovoi> thanks Justin_o!!
2017-02-16T22:11:45 * jhung has quit
2017-02-16T22:12:22 * gtirloni has quit
2017-02-16T22:48:12 * alanharnum has quit
2017-02-16T23:04:15 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-02-16T23:04:21 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2017-02-16T23:08:04 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-02-16T23:16:35 * michelled has quit
'

