b"2017-06-12T12:19:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-12T12:23:19 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-06-12T12:27:26 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-06-12T12:31:43 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-06-12T12:49:48 * Bosmon joined the channel
2017-06-12T12:49:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T12:50:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-06-12T13:02:46 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-12T13:03:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T13:07:27 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-12T13:11:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T13:16:23 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-12T13:25:38 * jhung joined the channel
2017-06-12T13:37:03 <Justin_o> jhung: is there a design crit topic for tomorrow?
2017-06-12T13:38:16 <jhung> Not yet Justin_o. You have something?
2017-06-12T13:38:30 <Justin_o> jhung: yah, maybe, want to talk about about content simplification
2017-06-12T13:39:09 <jhung> ok Justin_o. Are there any relevant links?
2017-06-12T13:39:46 <Justin_o> jhung: pretty much just this https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2432
2017-06-12T13:40:00 <Justin_o> and i guess our current implementation in the prefs framework demo
2017-06-12T13:40:12 <Justin_o> http://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/demos/prefsFramework/
2017-06-12T13:42:32 <jhung> ok Justin_o. i'll put that down
2017-06-12T13:44:16 <Justin_o> thanks
2017-06-12T14:05:34 * avtar joined the channel
2017-06-12T14:06:26 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-12T14:07:30 * simonjb has quit
2017-06-12T14:08:41 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-06-12T14:44:32 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2017-06-12T14:54:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-12T14:56:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T15:05:03 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-12T15:13:40 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-06-12T15:18:26 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-06-12T15:41:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T15:49:35 * clown joined the channel
2017-06-12T15:54:55 * michelled has quit
2017-06-12T15:55:14 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-12T15:57:01 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-12T16:22:12 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2017-06-12T16:22:40 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-12T16:29:10 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-06-12T16:30:02 <michelled1> jhung_away: let me know when you have a few minutes
2017-06-12T16:34:21 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-12T16:44:30 * avtar joined the channel
2017-06-12T16:53:13 <jhung> michelled: ready now
2017-06-12T17:03:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T17:26:23 * michelled has quit
2017-06-12T17:34:07 * michelled joined the channel
2017-06-12T17:35:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T17:37:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T18:15:40 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-12T18:16:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T18:22:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T18:27:51 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-12T18:28:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T18:32:53 * alanharnum has quit
2017-06-12T18:50:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T19:25:51 <jhung> Justin_o: for tomorrow's design crit, is there a particular issue you'd like to discuss?
2017-06-12T19:27:04 <Justin_o> jhung: hmm.. so i want to talk over what i have currently for simplification. Also talk about best way to have option features for adaptations applied through the browser extension
2017-06-12T19:27:09 <Justin_o> did that make sense?
2017-06-12T19:29:25 <jhung> Justin_o: that last half didn't make sense to me. :D
2017-06-12T19:30:49 <Justin_o> if you want to have options for the adaptation, so for  simplification that might be show navigational elements
2017-06-12T19:31:13 <jhung> ok
2017-06-12T19:31:22 <Justin_o> i guess you don't need to put that in your e-mail though
2017-06-12T19:31:26 <Justin_o> i'll just bring it up
2017-06-12T19:31:55 <jhung> ok
2017-06-12T19:32:15 <jhung> The collab room is booked all this week, right Justin_o?
2017-06-12T19:32:47 <Justin_o> jhung: seems to be yes, they weren't in there this morning, but they came in the afternoon. I'd put no expectation on having access to the room
2017-06-12T19:32:56 <Justin_o> jhung: seems to be yes, they weren't in there this morning, but they came in the afternoon. I'd put no expectation on having access to the room
2017-06-12T19:33:01 <Justin_o> oops
2017-06-12T19:33:06 <jhung> :D
2017-06-12T19:33:07 <jhung> thanks
2017-06-12T19:33:09 <jhung> thanks
2017-06-12T19:34:16 <Justin_o> \xf0\x9f\x98\x9c
2017-06-12T19:47:17 * Jess__ has quit
2017-06-12T20:03:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T20:05:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T20:14:15 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-06-12T20:34:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-06-12T20:39:24 * cindyli has quit
2017-06-12T21:15:22 * simonjb has quit
2017-06-12T21:16:01 * michelled has quit
2017-06-12T22:59:13 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-12T22:59:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-06-12T22:59:27 * colinclark has quit
2017-06-12T23:05:36 * Jess__ has quit
2017-06-12T23:19:12 * avtar has quit
"

