b"2017-03-14T00:12:56 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-03-14T05:15:46 * mrtyler has quit
2017-03-14T06:15:32 * amatas joined the channel
2017-03-14T12:16:11 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-03-14T12:41:05 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T12:44:51 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:06:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:09:49 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:35:40 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:52:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:53:02 * Caren joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:54:21 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-14T13:57:33 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-14T14:00:31 <jhung> fluid-everyone. the design crit is starting in the fluid-standup Vidyo room.
2017-03-14T14:03:28 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-14T14:12:28 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-14T14:38:22 <danayo> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1B5EIBZ-Fle9gxfCRHSviJfWM27LAhHuvol5YmtSoSKc/edit?usp=sharing
2017-03-14T14:44:38 * jhung has quit
2017-03-14T14:47:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-03-14T14:59:46 * gtirloni has quit
2017-03-14T15:01:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-03-14T15:48:34 <Jess_> danayo: thinking of job centre design and this video: https://www.facebook.com/yahoonews/videos/10154015511441371/
2017-03-14T15:49:01 <danayo> thanks Jess_
2017-03-14T15:53:17 <Caren> Hi danayo. Here is the link to the latest Dx file tagged March 13 https://files.inclusivedesign.ca/index.php/f/23920
2017-03-14T15:53:38 <danayo> thanks Caren]
2017-03-14T15:54:09 <Caren> danayo and the link to view: https://xd.adobe.com/view/46107b04-452c-4b5d-b533-2b9c1d892637/screen/64230c16-9575-43f6-9430-ea78fe0ab0f7/iPhone-6-7-60
2017-03-14T15:54:23 <danayo> great
2017-03-14T15:57:17 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:01:39 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:03:10 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:07:54 * alanharnum has quit
2017-03-14T16:11:54 <jhung> Caren: I was speaking to Iris. It would be best if we can structure our co-design sessions as workshops. So I was thinking maybe we do a hackathon and have a few more participants. OCAD employees will not get honorariums.
2017-03-14T16:11:59 <jhung> ^Justin_o too
2017-03-14T16:12:22 * IRCFrEAK joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:12:31 * IRCFrEAK has quit
2017-03-14T16:17:44 <Caren> jhung that sounds good. If we do a workshop/hackathon in a school then honorarium is not applicable.
2017-03-14T16:17:44 * avtar has quit
2017-03-14T16:19:34 <jhung> Caren: I guess that makes sense. I guess we could compensate in other ways by providing food for example.
2017-03-14T16:20:23 <Justin_o> sounds like interesting ideas
2017-03-14T16:22:22 <Caren> jhung, that\xe2\x80\x99s a good idea. Or perhaps contributing to something they need in the school.
2017-03-14T16:22:52 <jhung> Caren: that's another good idea.
2017-03-14T16:25:01 <Caren> jhung, Justin_o, should we chat before next week re: structuring a workshop and mapping out a plan. It may be wise to start asap on recruiting participants/co-designers. If we go the school route a workshop may not require an REB.
2017-03-14T16:27:09 <Caren> ?
2017-03-14T16:27:42 <Justin_o> Caren: i guess it makes sense to plan soon given the grant timeline and the school semester
2017-03-14T16:29:30 <jhung> Caren, Justin_o: sounds like a good idea. If you have time, could you start a wiki page to start putting some of these ideas down?
2017-03-14T16:30:25 <Caren> Justin_o, jhung, sounds good. Is there an OER on planning/designing a co-design workshop?
2017-03-14T16:30:40 <Caren> something i could draw from?
2017-03-14T16:30:42 <jhung> Why, yes there is Caren! :)
2017-03-14T16:30:54 <Caren> awesome!! haha
2017-03-14T16:31:25 <jhung> http://handbook.floeproject.org/InclusiveMakingAndHacking.html
2017-03-14T16:31:47 <jhung> there might be one in the ID Guide too. Let me find it Caren.
2017-03-14T16:31:58 <Caren> beautiful!
2017-03-14T16:32:27 <Justin_o> danayo: when would you like to chat about the UIO panel
2017-03-14T16:32:49 <jhung> Caren: this could be helpful too https://guide.inclusivedesign.ca/practices/PracticeCoDesign.html
2017-03-14T16:33:21 <Caren> thank you, jhung
2017-03-14T16:33:23 <danayo> Justin_o: maybe after planning?
2017-03-14T16:33:54 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:34:26 <Justin_o> danayo: i have the PhET meeting right after that, but i might have some time after the PhET meeting
2017-03-14T16:34:58 <danayo> ok Justin_o
2017-03-14T16:35:42 <Caren> Justin_o, jhung: is there an agenda for today\xe2\x80\x99s PhET meeting at 2?
2017-03-14T16:36:21 <jhung> Caren: generally there isnt an agenda, but we go around sharing what we've been doing.
2017-03-14T16:36:50 <Jess_> fluid-everyone: Minister of Science, the Honourable Kirsty Duncan will be visiting the office tomorrow just after 11a
2017-03-14T16:37:03 <jhung> Caren, I can start us off saying we've been doing a lot of planning and thinking about moving forward with co-design, then I can hand it to you to give some specifics?
2017-03-14T16:37:55 <Justin_o> Caren: we have a google doc with meeting notes, but i'm not sure i have the ability to give you edit access to it.. we should ask Jesse or Emily to get you on it
2017-03-14T16:38:43 <jhung> Caren: I can find you that link\xe2\x80\xa6 I always seem to lose it though.
2017-03-14T16:39:14 <jhung> Caren:  here's the link. https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ApdRkho0QOim20CXC9D10nDaXqJM_GK65sAEpKoz2Kw/edit?usp=sharing
2017-03-14T16:39:23 <jhung> You'd have to request access to edit it though.
2017-03-14T16:39:29 <Caren> jhung: I suppose so\xe2\x80\xa6eeep.
2017-03-14T16:39:32 * clown has quit
2017-03-14T16:50:55 <danayo> jhung, Caren, I think the work you're doing to organise PhET co-design sessions in schools will be helpful for the SJRK project too - could you document it on the wiki or elsewhere somehow? also any feedback you have on the guide entry is welcome - it's not very detailed at the moment
2017-03-14T16:53:07 <Caren> danayo, sure, will do. ALSO, can you point me to what/where the guide entry is? thanks :-)
2017-03-14T16:53:27 <danayo> this one Caren https://guide.inclusivedesign.ca/practices/PracticeCoDesign.html
2017-03-14T16:53:45 <Caren> ah! right. thanks danayo
2017-03-14T16:56:59 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-03-14T16:59:45 * michelled has quit
2017-03-14T17:01:10 * jhung1 joined the channel
2017-03-14T17:03:19 * jhung has quit
2017-03-14T17:03:24 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2017-03-14T17:15:14 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-14T17:50:04 <jhung> Jess_: can you send out the details about the MP visit to the Everyone list?
2017-03-14T17:50:19 <Jess_> sure
2017-03-14T17:59:21 * jhung has quit
2017-03-14T18:00:17 * michelled1 has quit
2017-03-14T18:02:56 * jhung joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:05:07 * clown1 joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:05:11 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:06:48 * clown has quit
2017-03-14T18:09:43 * danayo has quit
2017-03-14T18:13:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:15:51 * clown1 has quit
2017-03-14T18:17:50 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-14T18:45:54 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2017-03-14T18:49:34 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-14T19:00:46 <Jess_> cindyli: ping
2017-03-14T19:00:59 <cindyli> Jess_: pong
2017-03-14T19:01:25 <Jess_> cindyli: do you know the name of the plugin used in ATutor for language/translations?
2017-03-14T19:01:44 <Jess_> cindyli: JT mentioned it to someone and they pinged me to get the link
2017-03-14T19:02:19 * danayo joined the channel
2017-03-14T19:03:45 <cindyli> Jess_: I'm not sure what plugin JT mentioned. as i know, ATutor doesn't use any plugin for language and translations. this is a core feature of ATutor
2017-03-14T19:03:58 * colinclark has quit
2017-03-14T19:04:21 <Jess_> cindyli: is it a reusable piece \xe2\x80\x94 ie. others can use it outside of ATutor?
2017-03-14T19:05:05 <cindyli> checking atutor modules...
2017-03-14T19:07:03 <cindyli> Jess_: no, the language support is part of the ATutor core
2017-03-14T19:07:22 <cindyli> there's no module for it
2017-03-14T19:07:57 <Jess_> yeah, i was looking for the module too\xe2\x80\xa6 ok, thanks cindyli i\xe2\x80\x99ll check with JT to see what she was talking about
2017-03-14T19:08:13 <cindyli> ok
2017-03-14T19:10:35 <cindyli> Jess_: atutor has an online translate page where translators can submit their translated language packs. These packs can then be downloaded and used in ATutor installations - http://www.atutor.ca/atutor/translate/index.php
2017-03-14T19:10:59 <cindyli> jutta mentioned this in one of our ATutor demonstrations, not sure if she meant that
2017-03-14T19:11:45 <Jess_> cindyli: yes, very impressive. she did mention that but then mentioned a core plugin that can be forked and mentioned a root code base
2017-03-14T19:12:09 <Jess_> cindyli: i\xe2\x80\x99ve asked her what she was referring to. i suspect it\xe2\x80\x99s something else
2017-03-14T19:12:12 <alanharnum> Chrome 57 ships CSS Grid Layout: https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/03/nic57
2017-03-14T19:20:52 * amatas has quit
2017-03-14T19:22:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-03-14T19:27:26 <Caren> jhung; is there another PhET meeting this afternoon?
2017-03-14T19:28:11 <Caren> oh! I think I see it is next week jhung.
2017-03-14T19:30:03 <Caren> jhung, justin_o, danayo: I started a childpage for PhET workshop. It\xe2\x80\x99s a working doc, would it make more sense if it was a google doc link? Best process in your opinions?
2017-03-14T19:30:43 * gtirloni has quit
2017-03-14T19:32:11 * amatas joined the channel
2017-03-14T19:32:22 <Justin_o> Caren: you mean in the wiki?
2017-03-14T19:34:58 <Justin_o> danayo: i'm finished the PhET meeting now, did you want to talk about UIO?
2017-03-14T19:41:19 <Caren> Justin-o yes the wiki :-)
2017-03-14T19:45:43 <danayo> Justin_o: yes! let's meet in my room
2017-03-14T19:45:53 <Justin_o> danayo: okay, sounds good
2017-03-14T19:56:24 * jhung has quit
2017-03-14T20:06:39 * clown_mtg has quit
2017-03-14T20:15:32 * clown joined the channel
2017-03-14T20:27:46 * michelled has quit
2017-03-14T21:00:49 * michelled joined the channel
2017-03-14T21:02:27 * clown has quit
2017-03-14T21:19:56 * avtar has quit
2017-03-14T21:22:26 * michelled has quit
2017-03-14T21:24:58 * Caren has quit
2017-03-14T21:49:26 * simonjb has quit
2017-03-14T22:01:20 * alanharnum has quit
2017-03-14T22:01:30 * avtar joined the channel
2017-03-14T22:39:10 * avtar has quit
2017-03-14T22:49:22 * Justin_o has quit
2017-03-14T22:50:58 * danayo has quit
2017-03-14T22:53:18 * amatas has quit
2017-03-14T23:16:36 * Jess_ has quit
"

