b'2017-10-27T01:17:54 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-27T01:36:49 * colinclark has quit
2017-10-27T07:51:42 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-27T07:53:01 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-27T10:58:46 * Justin_o joined the channel
2017-10-27T12:05:29 * grrrero joined the channel
2017-10-27T12:25:18 * jhung joined the channel
2017-10-27T12:42:48 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-10-27T12:49:03 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-27T13:21:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-27T13:21:06 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-10-27T13:49:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-27T14:00:37 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-27T14:08:35 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-10-27T14:11:09 * michelled has quit
2017-10-27T14:43:42 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-10-27T15:08:09 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-10-27T15:15:16 * colinclark has quit
2017-10-27T15:29:11 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-10-27T15:31:13 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-27T15:36:56 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-27T15:39:10 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-27T15:43:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-27T15:50:24 <lliskovoi> fluid-everyone: does anyone have experience using USB OTG (with HID profile)?
2017-10-27T15:52:00 <jhung> lliskovoi: I haven\'t but I can try. I assume a keyboard or mouse connected to the dongle?
2017-10-27T15:52:49 * michelled joined the channel
2017-10-27T15:53:04 <lliskovoi> jhung I believe so, do you know if there is a difference between USB OTG and USB OTG with HID profile? or is that later assumed?
2017-10-27T15:54:05 <jhung> lliskovoi: I wasn\'t aware there was a difference.
2017-10-27T15:54:27 <jhung> I have an OTG cable but not sure if it has the HID profile. I\'ll take a look
2017-10-27T15:54:51 <lliskovoi> thanks jhung!
2017-10-27T16:04:41 <jhung> lliskovoi: I have what I think to be a standard OTG cable and using a mouse attached to Android works just fine. From previous experience, the HID information is provided by the device being attached, so the cable really shouldn\'t matter. It\'s up to the system to take that profile from the device and do something with it.
2017-10-27T16:06:37 <lliskovoi> thanks jhung I need to include information about USB OTG with HID profile in mobile device testing, and just wondering how to go about it. So in this case I would need to make sure that the device I\'m testing with (mouse or keyboard) has an HID profile?
2017-10-27T16:10:09 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-27T16:11:09 * Caren_ has quit
2017-10-27T16:14:01 <jhung> lliskovoi: I\'m not sure how you\'d do that. I just checked using the System Report tool on Mac and it doesn\'t show you any HID information. I think on Windows it shows it to you in the Control Panel. Maybe simonjb or alanharnum have some thoughts?
2017-10-27T16:24:01 * mrtyler has quit
2017-10-27T16:31:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-27T16:36:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-10-27T16:43:11 <michelled> jhung, grrrero: can we plan to meet on Wednesday to get started with the snow site? I figure we could do with a snow specific planning meeting
2017-10-27T16:43:16 <michelled> maybe 11:00?
2017-10-27T16:43:26 <grrrero> michelled: On board with that!
2017-10-27T16:43:48 <grrrero> Are there any preliminary things I can do before the meeting?
2017-10-27T16:43:51 <michelled> lliskovoi: can you send us the up to date snow site designs?
2017-10-27T16:44:59 <lliskovoi> michelled: yep, give me one sec
2017-10-27T16:45:58 * Caren_ joined the channel
2017-10-27T16:48:56 <lliskovoi> michelled: here\'s the link to all of the files, let me know if you have questions! https://files.inclusivedesign.ca/s/ThCt48IS4AU86DI
2017-10-27T16:49:05 <michelled> thanks lliskovoi!
2017-10-27T16:49:18 <lliskovoi> np!
2017-10-27T16:49:26 <michelled> I think we\'ll meet to talk about them in detail on Wednesday at 11 - if you feel like joining us
2017-10-27T16:49:38 <michelled> or we can just ask you after :)
2017-10-27T16:49:54 <lliskovoi> sure! I\'d be happy to join :)
2017-10-27T16:50:00 <michelled> grrrero: if you\'d like, you can take a look at the designs lliskovoi linked above before the meeting
2017-10-27T16:50:10 <grrrero> Ok for sure michelled
2017-10-27T16:51:11 <jhung> michelled: let me check...
2017-10-27T16:52:36 <jhung> michelled, lliskovoi, grrrero: Wed 11am is fine with me. Thanks!
2017-10-27T16:52:50 <michelled> awesome!
2017-10-27T16:52:56 <grrrero> Cool cool cool
2017-10-27T17:02:55 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-10-27T17:06:10 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-10-27T17:09:38 <grrrero> Would we be using Wordpress for this jhung michelled ?
2017-10-27T17:10:04 <michelled> almost for sure grrrero - but I guess we\'ll make that decision at our planning meeting
2017-10-27T17:10:12 <grrrero> michelled: Alright sounds good!
2017-10-27T17:16:06 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-10-27T17:16:32 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-10-27T17:19:38 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-10-27T17:26:35 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-10-27T17:27:20 <jhung> michelled: just a heads up, there will be some CMHR work coming down the pipe. We will likely be assisting them in converting a resource into something that can be reused as an "OER"
2017-10-27T17:27:53 <michelled> jhung: that\'s cool
2017-10-27T17:27:57 <michelled> what will our role be?
2017-10-27T17:28:01 <jhung> Initially it will likely be a conversion from Word .docx to markdown, and guiding them in including web accessibility, UIO, and other things.
2017-10-27T17:28:28 <michelled> they will do the conversion and add the a11y?
2017-10-27T17:29:03 <jhung> Our role will be more training and advisory. I suspect there will be more work up front pairing with them until they understand the principles. We\'d then sync up periodically as they progress.
2017-10-27T17:29:56 <michelled> great, thanks for letting me know!
2017-10-27T17:30:25 <jhung> michelled: yes, the idea is to have them do the bulk of the work and we\'d assist. They\'re going to use a CC license, so I hope to convince them to use Github to host their work.
2017-10-27T17:31:46 <jhung> jessm and I will break down the roadmap and there will be tasking at some point. The exact dates I\'m not sure, but they\'re already overdue (they were supposed to launch in August).
2017-10-27T17:36:13 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-27T17:40:31 <michelled> jhung: what\'s the plan for multi language support for BIGIDeA?
2017-10-27T17:42:38 <jhung> I haven\'t heard anything. Not sure if it\'s fallen off the radar or just lower priority michelled.
2017-10-27T17:47:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2017-10-27T17:59:15 * simonjb has quit
2017-10-27T18:03:36 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-10-27T18:30:42 <michelled> grrrero: did your UIO WP pull request get in?
2017-10-27T18:30:55 <grrrero> It did yup
2017-10-27T18:31:01 <michelled> excellent :)
2017-10-27T18:31:06 <grrrero> Let me double check
2017-10-27T18:31:55 <grrrero> Yep it was def merged michelled :)
2017-10-27T18:32:06 <grrrero> I sometimes lose the notifications via email so I have to go dig around
2017-10-27T18:33:53 <michelled> :)
2017-10-27T18:34:59 <michelled> jhung: did the BIGIDeA feedback get completed?
2017-10-27T18:40:01 <jhung> not yet michelled. I hope to wrap it next week (optimistically). There were some new features which needed some wireframing, which lliskovoi will help with. I\'ll then have to implement and get the PR reviewed again.
2017-10-27T18:41:59 <michelled> great, thanks jhung
2017-10-27T19:08:10 * Justin_o has quit
2017-10-27T19:24:59 <Caren_> lliskovoi: jhung: everyone: I\xe2\x80\x99m working on the wiki adding alt and descriptive text. Wondering if a screen reader reads out both title text and alt text. thought I\xe2\x80\x99d put it out to the group before I try to test it.
2017-10-27T19:26:23 <lliskovoi> Caren_: that would depend on the AT, we generally don\'t recommend using the title attribute for accessibility because the support is not very good
2017-10-27T19:27:14 <lliskovoi> if you\'re using it for other reasons, like hover tips, then use both, otherwise i would just use the alt
2017-10-27T19:28:15 <Caren_> thanks lliskovoi, that\xe2\x80\x99s so helpful to know.
2017-10-27T19:34:18 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-10-27T19:49:33 <grrrero> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xXRx04jMFLgHk5PG9X2yEXcSOFYbBvv75LqV7voEM9g/edit?usp=sharing
2017-10-27T20:16:22 * jhung has quit
2017-10-27T20:39:03 <gmoss> fluid-everyone: has anyone online right now had any experience with kettle.dataSource.CouchDB?
2017-10-27T20:39:14 <gmoss> whoops wrong channel, sorry!
2017-10-27T20:43:57 * sepidehshahi has quit
2017-10-27T21:03:57 * cindyli has quit
2017-10-27T21:30:41 * Caren_ has quit
2017-10-27T22:18:40 * michelled has quit
2017-10-27T22:25:04 * colinclark has quit
2017-10-27T22:44:37 * grrrero has quit
'

