b'2017-04-20T00:48:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T01:01:43 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-04-20T01:52:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T02:42:59 * danayo joined the channel
2017-04-20T02:55:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T04:06:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T05:10:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T06:12:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T07:15:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T08:18:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T09:20:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T10:22:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T11:25:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T11:30:10 * alanharnum has quit
2017-04-20T12:15:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-04-20T12:27:02 * michelled joined the channel
2017-04-20T12:27:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T12:54:58 * Jess__ joined the channel
2017-04-20T13:02:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2017-04-20T13:23:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T13:29:58 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T14:00:38 * avtar joined the channel
2017-04-20T14:07:41 * danayo joined the channel
2017-04-20T14:09:04 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-04-20T14:23:42 * clown joined the channel
2017-04-20T14:24:53 * danayo joined the channel
2017-04-20T14:26:04 <danayo> hi cindyli
2017-04-20T14:26:34 <cindyli> hi danayo, thanks for answering my question yesterday.
2017-04-20T14:27:04 <danayo> your welcome, though I\'m not sure I answered it fully!
2017-04-20T14:27:16 <danayo> there are two issues
2017-04-20T14:27:20 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2017-04-20T14:27:40 <danayo> the intermediate solution of scrolling the panels until we can implement the arrows/snapping
2017-04-20T14:28:01 <danayo> and then the issue of what to do with the snapping panels when the content gets too big to fit
2017-04-20T14:28:13 <danayo> but for now we don\'t have to worry about that cindyli :)
2017-04-20T14:28:42 <cindyli> ok. cool. i will add these issues in the jira comment so they don\'t slip out of our radar, danayo
2017-04-20T14:28:58 <danayo> thanks cindyli !
2017-04-20T14:29:55 <cindyli> danayo: another question is, what level of the priority do you think this issue should be in - https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6151
2017-04-20T14:30:43 <cindyli> it\'s right now marked as "critical", wanna make sure it\'s ok not to escalate it to the blocker level
2017-04-20T14:33:12 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T14:34:55 <danayo> I guess that\'s not a blocker cindyli
2017-04-20T14:35:17 <cindyli> cool. thanks alot, danayo. that\'s all i wanna ask about
2017-04-20T14:35:27 <danayo> great, thank you, cindyli
2017-04-20T15:07:38 * mrtyler joined the channel
2017-04-20T15:22:40 * simonjb joined the channel
2017-04-20T15:35:25 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T15:56:25 <Jess__> danayo: forgot to mention at standup \xe2\x80\x94 had a meeting with SFI MA grad ana matic yesterday \xe2\x80\x94 she\xe2\x80\x99s got some really cool ideas that sound like they are blurring the intersection of MyL3 and SJRK \xe2\x80\x94 i\xe2\x80\x99d love to find out if we can set up a chit chat where she\xe2\x80\x99s part of the convo
2017-04-20T15:57:05 <danayo> sure Jess__
2017-04-20T15:58:08 <danayo> our next regular MyL3 meeting is next Thursday 27th at 1 ET, she could join us, or I\'m fine to set up another time
2017-04-20T15:58:17 <danayo> Jess__^
2017-04-20T15:59:26 <Jess__> danayo: cool \xe2\x80\x94 i\xe2\x80\x99ll let her know \xe2\x80\x94 she\xe2\x80\x99s also involved with OCAD through her job at Baycrest \xe2\x80\x94 so not sure how she\xe2\x80\x99ll be able to join chats but i\xe2\x80\x99ll check in with her
2017-04-20T16:01:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-04-20T16:04:31 <colinclark> danayo: Do you have any notes or a summary of your discussion about SJRK yesterday? I\'m interested in hearing more about next steps, and keeping the rest of the team in the loop.
2017-04-20T16:06:02 <danayo> I do colinclark, I\'m just cleaning them up and will share with everyone
2017-04-20T16:06:13 <colinclark> awesome, looking forward to reading them!
2017-04-20T16:07:05 <colinclark> I was just reading through your MyL3 narrative and it\'s looking really great
2017-04-20T16:07:22 <colinclark> I wonder if it might be helpful to have a summary of our goals right at the beginning?
2017-04-20T16:07:48 <colinclark> interestingly, you get at some of these points in your comments talking about social engagement
2017-04-20T16:08:13 <colinclark> but perhaps they could be moved up to just briefly summarize the "why?" of the project
2017-04-20T16:10:34 <danayo> summarizing our goals up front sounds like a really good idea colinclark
2017-04-20T16:10:58 <danayo> when you mention social engagement, which comments are you referring to specifically?
2017-04-20T16:12:22 <colinclark> there\'s a comment thread with you and Jennifier
2017-04-20T16:12:45 <colinclark> you say things like "We want to take an approach that is user/learner-led, and that encourages self-reflection of progress against personal goals, rather than comparison or competition with others"
2017-04-20T16:13:11 <colinclark> it\'s those kind of "this is our approach, this is what\'s essential to what we\'re doing" part that we might be missing from this document
2017-04-20T16:13:29 <colinclark> it\'s amazing, though\xe2\x80\x94such a great summary of our design process
2017-04-20T16:14:02 <colinclark> it\'s amazing how a kind of logic emerges over time, by trying a lot of different things and then reflecting on how those things we tried reflect our goals and values
2017-04-20T16:15:06 <colinclark> I mean, this document is a bit like what we are trying to accomplish\xe2\x80\x94the written reflective practice of a design team
2017-04-20T16:15:20 <danayo> ah yes, those comments colinclark - good idea to incorporate them into the doc itself :)
2017-04-20T16:16:10 <danayo> yeah that\'s true - it\'s such a good process - to refelct on all we\'ve done so far
2017-04-20T16:16:23 <colinclark> I also wonder if more could be said about the "Self-construction" interface?
2017-04-20T16:16:36 <colinclark> sorry, Self-constructed
2017-04-20T16:16:49 <colinclark> although I like the thought of this whole system being about self-construction :)
2017-04-20T16:16:54 <danayo> yeah, need to flesh that out a bit for sure
2017-04-20T16:17:36 <colinclark> this is just so well written, though
2017-04-20T16:17:40 <colinclark> it\'s really impressive
2017-04-20T16:17:41 <danayo> and yes, I need to make it clear that we haven\'t abandoned that idea - that it remains a part of our designs (it\'s just not totally obvious from the existing frames at the moment)
2017-04-20T16:17:52 <danayo> that idea = self-construction
2017-04-20T16:18:01 <danayo> great, thanks
2017-04-20T16:18:09 <colinclark> might also be worth describing, really briefly, what the GPII is in that section
2017-04-20T16:18:13 <colinclark> i\'ll put some comments in the doc
2017-04-20T16:18:29 <danayo> that would be excellent colinclark, thanks
2017-04-20T16:18:33 <colinclark> I like the doubling of "self-construction"\xe2\x80\x94i.e. that you\'re constructing a self as well as constructing by yourself :)
2017-04-20T16:19:18 <danayo> yeah ... that\'s cool, hadn\'t thought of it that way
2017-04-20T16:21:06 <colinclark> we should think about ways to publish this\xe2\x80\x94it\'s really good
2017-04-20T16:22:27 <danayo> that would be good colinclark
2017-04-20T16:24:43 <danayo> I want to add more text about our design thinking-process in general, but maybe for a longer publication we could also add more about our process in terms of crits and meetings, oh and the co-design session we had too colinclark
2017-04-20T16:25:00 <colinclark> that\'s a really great idea
2017-04-20T16:34:20 * michelled1 joined the channel
2017-04-20T16:38:31 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T16:52:51 * clown joined the channel
2017-04-20T17:00:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2017-04-20T17:02:13 <colinclark> I think what\'s interesting about our thinking/process perspective here is that it\'s active\xe2\x80\x94it\'s what they might call in the field "studio-based" or "practice-led". This document, danayo, is a really great illustration of how we "think" by doing
2017-04-20T17:02:49 <danayo> cool colinclark, I agree
2017-04-20T17:41:32 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T17:43:02 <colinclark> danayo: thanks for the SJRK notes
2017-04-20T17:43:37 <colinclark> the one thing we should be sure to reflect here as well is the approach we discussed a month or so ago\xe2\x80\x94the idea that we\'ll design some early "seeds" for a co-design process
2017-04-20T17:43:39 <danayo> np colinclark
2017-04-20T17:44:16 <colinclark> the partners will have their own interests and goals, but I think it\'s safe to say that we\'ll want to also have some tangible things that represent starting points for that conversation
2017-04-20T17:47:58 <colinclark> I want to make sure we have a continuous design process, where we\'re growing a collection of resources and tools that can be specifically useful to our partners, and generally useful to many different activist communities. So by designing and implementation some simple resources and tools right away, we get the conversation started, and can continue to refine and shift our direction as our partners become more engaged and their needs become
2017-04-20T17:47:58 <colinclark> clearer.
2017-04-20T17:48:03 <danayo> colinclark: yes, I did mention that yesterday, I think it would be good to meet as a group again and discuss next steps - does that sound good to you?
2017-04-20T17:48:23 <colinclark> sounds awesome to me :)
2017-04-20T17:49:31 <danayo> alanharnum, Jess__, michelled1 ^
2017-04-20T17:49:50 <Jess__> works for me
2017-04-20T17:49:56 <michelled1> sounds good
2017-04-20T17:50:10 <alanharnum> +1
2017-04-20T17:51:04 <danayo> great
2017-04-20T17:53:11 <colinclark> Jess__: I don\'t think I received your email at the bottom of danayo\'s notes, regarding the SJRK budget. Did my email client let me down again? It\'s really been flaky since the 365 upgrade.
2017-04-20T17:54:13 <Jess__> colinclark: it wasn\xe2\x80\x99t attached \xe2\x80\x94 i\xe2\x80\x99ll forward it now
2017-04-20T17:54:41 <colinclark> oh awesome thanks
2017-04-20T17:54:53 <colinclark> I look forward to staying in the loop on those discussions!
2017-04-20T17:55:20 * avtar joined the channel
2017-04-20T17:56:14 <Jess__> fluid-everyone: clint from BC Campus just tweeted this really useful resource for giving territorial acknowledgements at Canadian Universities for presos/workshops/other stuff we do https://www.caut.ca/docs/default-source/professional-advice/list---territorial-acknowledgement-by-province.pdf?sfvrsn=12
2017-04-20T17:57:06 <colinclark> that\'s really great, Jess__
2017-04-20T17:57:23 <colinclark> at the Bodies in Translation leaders\' meeting, we had an elder who did the territorial acknowledgement
2017-04-20T17:57:32 <colinclark> and it was great
2017-04-20T17:57:38 <Jess__> at DEEP too \xe2\x80\x94 i thought it was so cool
2017-04-20T17:57:40 <colinclark> she\'s on the project throughout as an advisor
2017-04-20T18:00:28 <Jess__> and i learned something new \xe2\x80\x94 smudging!
2017-04-20T18:01:08 <Jess__> very cool and aromatic : http://powwow-power.com/smudging/
2017-04-20T18:44:28 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T19:05:30 * clown joined the channel
2017-04-20T19:13:08 * cindyli joined the channel
2017-04-20T19:48:00 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T20:50:49 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T21:13:22 * avtar joined the channel
2017-04-20T21:54:18 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T22:17:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T22:56:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2017-04-20T22:58:42 * Jess_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T22:58:42 * Jess_ has quit
2017-04-20T23:12:11 * lliskovoi_ joined the channel
2017-04-20T23:12:18 * lliskovoi_ has quit
2017-04-20T23:16:22 * lliskovoi has quit
2017-04-20T23:59:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

