b"2018-03-14T21:11:57 <agdhruv> alanharnum: thank you! Is there a template that I can make use of, apart from the one mentioned on the GSoC website?
2018-03-14T21:15:19 <alanharnum> agdhruv: there's a template for us specifically at https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/6584170814373888/ (if that's not the one you're referring to)
2018-03-14T21:16:33 <agdhruv> Yes, I meant that. Thank you!
2018-03-14T21:32:59 * agdhruv has quit
2018-03-14T22:11:13 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T22:11:46 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-14T22:29:08 * amatas has quit
2018-03-14T23:01:54 * rutvi joined the channel
2018-03-14T23:21:53 * Smirnoff joined the channel
2018-03-14T23:25:43 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-03-14T23:26:47 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-14T23:27:11 * Smirnoff has quit
"

b'2018-03-14T14:40:04 <mrtyler> that definitely seems better
2018-03-14T14:40:16 <amatas> but seems the filenotfoundexception is there
2018-03-14T14:40:24 <mrtyler> i\'m not sure if ansible-gpii-ci-worker failures are due to auth, or due to changes in your configuration for the ansible job
2018-03-14T14:41:44 <amatas> sorry I look at the wrong log
2018-03-14T14:41:51 <amatas> looked*
2018-03-14T14:43:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T14:56:21 <amatas> Bosmon, cindyli, mrtyler, ussjoin_, colinclark: seems that the CI is working now.
2018-03-14T14:56:29 <ussjoin_> Yay!
2018-03-14T14:56:30 <mrtyler> \\o/
2018-03-14T14:57:07 <ussjoin_> amatas: Is there a new passing build after 173?
2018-03-14T14:57:52 <simonjb> hi there gtirloni_, would you be able to set me up with an account on our owncloud?
2018-03-14T14:58:25 <colinclark> nice work, amatas and mrtyler
2018-03-14T14:58:40 <mrtyler> alfredo carried the water on this one
2018-03-14T14:58:56 <amatas> :D
2018-03-14T14:59:11 * gatitoneku joined the channel
2018-03-14T14:59:19 <amatas> ussjoin_: yes, seems that it is triggering all the builds pending
2018-03-14T14:59:20 <cindyli> super! thanks, amatas. finger crossing on my pull...
2018-03-14T14:59:50 <ussjoin_> amatas: KK. I\'m just looking at https://ci.gpii.net/job/ansible-gpii-ci-worker/ and didn\'t see one, but if you see one elsewhere, that\'s excellent.
2018-03-14T15:01:24 <amatas> the ansible-gpii-ci-worker is in the group idi-ops where the gpii-bot user is not a member, that\'s why there is so many errors in the build
2018-03-14T15:01:53 <mrtyler> ah
2018-03-14T15:06:14 * Sunny0794 has quit
2018-03-14T15:09:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T15:13:13 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T15:13:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T15:20:37 * avtar joined the channel
2018-03-14T15:21:36 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-14T15:31:11 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T15:31:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T15:36:21 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T15:59:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T16:07:35 * rakesh joined the channel
2018-03-14T16:07:59 * rakesh is now known as Guest79256
2018-03-14T16:08:27 * Guest79256 has quit
2018-03-14T16:08:58 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-14T16:14:18 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-14T16:20:46 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-14T16:30:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I was looking at this example in infusion https://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/examples/framework/preferences/conditionalAdjusters-singlePanel/
2018-03-14T16:30:55 <Justin_o> it is supposed to log the model changes. However, I wasn\'t seeing them in Chrome.
2018-03-14T16:31:12 * danayo has quit
2018-03-14T16:31:24 <Bosmon> But in other browsers?
2018-03-14T16:31:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes.. so it seems that console.debug in chrome only shows up if the verbose filter level is set in the console
2018-03-14T16:31:53 <Justin_o> is that an issue?
2018-03-14T16:31:54 <Bosmon> Oh I see
2018-03-14T16:32:01 <Bosmon> Not really
2018-03-14T16:32:31 <Justin_o> okay, i\'ll just carry on then :)
2018-03-14T16:34:25 * jessm joined the channel
2018-03-14T16:35:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also model relay question... so i filed a JIRA https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6262
2018-03-14T16:35:53 <Justin_o> i\'m adding namespaces.. i\'m wondering for model relays that are set like model: { value: {parent}.model.value}
2018-03-14T16:36:09 <Bosmon> Justin_o - for implicit realys, you can\'t, no
2018-03-14T16:36:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. so i guess you can override it if you change something in the model e.g. model: {value: true}
2018-03-14T16:37:13 <Justin_o> but if you setup an explicit modelRelay it won\'t be able to override it?
2018-03-14T16:37:14 * Shubham898 has quit
2018-03-14T16:37:17 <Justin_o> or it will?
2018-03-14T16:37:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you really can\'t override it at all
2018-03-14T16:37:40 <Bosmon> But that\'s no reason not to use it, I think
2018-03-14T16:37:52 <Bosmon> Implicit relays tend to represent very close relationships
2018-03-14T16:38:16 <Bosmon> Where you simply want to say that some part of one model will "at all times" be the same as another
2018-03-14T16:38:47 <Bosmon> Getting rid of a contract like that would most likely represent a fundamental change in the mission of the component
2018-03-14T16:39:23 <Bosmon> But yes, it\'s an interesting point that there is currently no means to override those, or indeed control those other aspects like directionality or source tracking, priority, etc.
2018-03-14T16:42:26 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-03-14T16:44:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for the explanation. I haven\'t yet run into any issues with using implicit relays,  so i have no complaints.
2018-03-14T16:52:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: do you have time to review this PR for me https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/883
2018-03-14T16:52:37 <Justin_o> it\'s to add missing namespaces to the prefs framework
2018-03-14T16:53:30 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2018-03-14T16:54:13 * Sunny0794 joined the channel
2018-03-14T16:55:09 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2018-03-14T16:56:13 * Vishal90972 joined the channel
2018-03-14T16:56:18 <cindyli> np
2018-03-14T16:57:23 <Vishal90972> hello
2018-03-14T16:57:39 <Vishal90972> I am intereted in the project idea Inclusive Design Guide Digital-Print copy workflow prototypes
2018-03-14T16:57:52 <Vishal90972> ........interested
2018-03-14T16:57:53 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-14T16:58:20 <Justin_o> jhung: ^
2018-03-14T16:58:42 <Vishal90972> I want to learn more about it .  Anyone can please help me get started ?
2018-03-14T16:59:46 <Justin_o> jhung: ^
2018-03-14T17:00:56 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T17:01:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T17:03:39 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T17:03:46 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-03-14T17:19:27 * alanharnum2 has quit
2018-03-14T17:19:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T17:19:59 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-14T17:20:31 <Vishal90972> can anyone get me started with some pointers
2018-03-14T17:20:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T17:24:57 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T17:30:27 <jhung> hi Vishal90972. I\'m one of the mentors on that project. What can I help you with?
2018-03-14T17:39:50 <Vishal90972> In which platform , we have to build the prototypes that will  facilitate the creation, editing, and printing of the Inclusive Design Guide from a web copy ?
2018-03-14T17:40:41 <Vishal90972> Is there any material where I can learn ore about Adobe InDesign ?
2018-03-14T17:42:01 <Vishal90972> ...more
2018-03-14T17:42:26 <jhung> Vishal90972: the choice of platform will be up to you, but we prefer an open source solution.
2018-03-14T17:44:12 <Vishal90972> using html, css and javascript ?
2018-03-14T17:46:46 <jhung> Vishal90972: yes, if you find that is the best solution. I think a lot of the project will be research into possible solutions and documenting good possible approaches. An implementation / code prototype can be used to determine feasibility of one or more of these approaches.
2018-03-14T17:49:02 <jhung> Adobe has resources on learning InDesign, but unfortunately there is only a 7-day free trial of the application available online Vishal90972.
2018-03-14T17:50:05 <jhung> Justin_o: Do you have time later to go through your PR on the UIO distribution?
2018-03-14T17:50:10 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-14T17:50:22 <Vishal90972> thanks ....can you explain this statement in a little more detail --   this could also be done by creating an authoring/editing/templating environment into which the web content (or marked up subset of content) could be imported and then massaged into print copy
2018-03-14T17:50:54 <simonjb> colinclark: I also uploaded a 256 kbps AAC version of the video
2018-03-14T17:53:10 <jhung> Vishal90972: that statement describes a possible way of synchronizing web content with the print content to output. Normally the web copy has more graphics and text than the print copy because the printing is done on small pieces of paper. So there will need to be a way to say what parts of the web content is to be printed, and what parts are for web only.
2018-03-14T17:54:28 <Vishal90972> Thanks a lot .... I have got it..!
2018-03-14T17:55:56 <jhung> Vishal90972: great. Let me know if you have any other questions.
2018-03-14T17:59:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T18:00:11 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-14T18:03:27 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-14T18:04:24 * clown has quit
2018-03-14T18:04:54 <Vishal90972> any resources from where I can learn more about  Adobe InDesign and print work flows ?
2018-03-14T18:05:02 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T18:09:26 <kvuser> cindyli\xc2\xa0Please check this mockup.. If you don\'t find the need of a redesign, i\'ll close the issue. Else, if i need to improve the design, please let me know. http://www.atutor.ca/atutor/mantis/view.php?id=5855
2018-03-14T18:13:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T18:13:52 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-14T18:14:10 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-14T18:18:56 <Vishal90972> Thanks jhung, I got update in the idea page.
2018-03-14T18:24:17 <jhung> Vishal90972: great!
2018-03-14T18:31:58 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T18:36:55 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-14T18:37:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-14T18:37:34 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: for collaborative note taking of todays meeting on blockchain https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Mar+14%2C+2018%29+-+Critical+Perspectives+on+the+Blockchain
2018-03-14T18:38:12 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-14T18:38:52 <cindyli> kvuser: the mockup is pretty similar with what we have now. can you explain the reasons that you prefer what\'s in the mockup?
2018-03-14T18:49:39 * kavya has quit
2018-03-14T18:55:33 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-14T19:14:09 * Sunny0794 has quit
2018-03-14T19:15:19 * Vishal90972 has quit
2018-03-14T19:27:46 <jhung> https://www.etheremon.com/ Blockchain monsters. Gotta collect \'em all.
2018-03-14T19:39:50 * avtar joined the channel
2018-03-14T19:41:51 <gtirloni_> no one can take away your Ethermons! that\'s a relief :)
2018-03-14T19:48:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T19:50:39 * jhung1 joined the channel
2018-03-14T19:53:09 * jhung has quit
2018-03-14T20:00:03 * stegru has quit
2018-03-14T20:00:34 <kvuser> cindyli: The current design of the website is great. But, in this design (mockup), I\'ve tried to increase the visibility of Login/Register options and the handbook as well. Also, I moved the logo on the left side because it is more conventional. I\'ve tried to give the website a more modern look. But, since the current website is great when it comes
2018-03-14T20:00:35 <kvuser> to usability, I didn\'t change the flow and made little changes only. I thought this design can be tried. But, if you don\'t find this much relevant, we can stick to the current website.
2018-03-14T20:05:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-14T20:06:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T20:07:58 <cindyli> kvuser: thanks for the clarification. in terms of having a new AChecker UI, i hope more ideas and thinking could be collected from a broad range of ppl before any implementation.
2018-03-14T20:11:57 <kvuser> Sure. Thanks :)
2018-03-14T20:29:57 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-14T20:31:11 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-14T20:37:52 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-14T20:39:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-14T20:40:13 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-14T20:40:34 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-14T20:40:36 * clown is now known as Guest12499
2018-03-14T20:41:16 * clown_mtg has quit
2018-03-14T20:49:08 * agdhruv joined the channel
2018-03-14T20:49:39 <agdhruv> Hey! How long should an ideal proposal for GSoC be?
2018-03-14T20:50:07 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-14T21:01:51 <alanharnum> agdhruv: "as long as it needs to be" is probably not a helpful answer, but I\'d say somewhere between 3-5 pages is reasonable per our template
2018-03-14T21:02:04 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-14T21:02:26 * clown_ has quit
2018-03-14T21:11:11 * kvuser joined the channel
'

b'2018-03-14T00:27:11 * amatas has quit
2018-03-14T00:41:33 * stegru has quit
2018-03-14T01:53:56 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-14T02:02:30 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-14T02:32:39 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-14T02:37:53 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-14T02:42:50 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-14T02:48:33 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-14T02:51:16 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-14T02:53:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-14T03:00:33 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-14T03:28:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-14T04:09:55 * grrrero has quit
2018-03-14T05:04:30 * gatitoneku joined the channel
2018-03-14T05:04:41 * gatitoneku has quit
2018-03-14T05:04:58 * gatitoneku joined the channel
2018-03-14T06:52:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-14T07:30:25 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-14T07:35:14 * aditya_96 joined the channel
2018-03-14T07:36:21 * aditya_96 has quit
2018-03-14T08:15:58 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-14T08:20:51 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-14T08:28:02 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-14T08:42:56 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-14T08:44:47 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-14T09:00:14 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-14T09:13:24 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-14T09:52:06 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-14T09:52:06 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-14T09:56:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-14T10:09:45 <Bosmon> Hi there amatas - somehow the CI has stopped running for pull requests
2018-03-14T10:09:52 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/597
2018-03-14T10:11:13 <amatas> Hi Bosmon, I realized of that this morning, I\'m figuring out whats going on
2018-03-14T10:15:41 <amatas> it seems that the Jenkins is complaining about that the user gpii-bot has now 2FA activated and it\'s not able to authenticate against GitHub to retrieve the information.
2018-03-14T10:20:29 <amatas> sorry, but I\'m not able to setup the gpii-bot user due it requires an OTP to authenticate at github. I have to talk with Brendan about this.
2018-03-14T10:20:44 <amatas> until then the CI is broken
2018-03-14T10:20:59 <amatas> s/broken/stopped/g
2018-03-14T10:21:28 * amatas has quit
2018-03-14T10:21:47 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-14T10:43:12 <the-t-in-rtf> @amatas, so this means that Jenkins CI is broken, or that buildkite is broken as well?
2018-03-14T10:44:08 <amatas> I know nothing about buildkite
2018-03-14T10:45:02 <amatas> I realized that some of you were using it at the last arch meeting
2018-03-14T10:46:27 <the-t-in-rtf> apparently it\'s pickup up changes via the GitHub webhook, we\'ll see.
2018-03-14T10:46:50 <the-t-in-rtf> s/pickup/picking/
2018-03-14T10:48:54 * agdhruv joined the channel
2018-03-14T10:49:33 <agdhruv> Hey! Looking for some help with my GSoC proposal. Is there someone here who could answer a few of my queries  please?
2018-03-14T10:54:41 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-03-14T11:00:58 * amatas_ has quit
2018-03-14T11:02:02 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-03-14T11:08:49 * agdhruv has quit
2018-03-14T11:16:10 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-14T11:28:09 <the-t-in-rtf> Which project?
2018-03-14T11:37:41 <Bosmon> Hi amatas - could you say more about the situation with the authentication?
2018-03-14T11:38:11 <Bosmon> Does ussjoin_ somehow have the only key we require, or what is the blocker?
2018-03-14T11:44:13 * amatas_ has quit
2018-03-14T12:09:12 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-14T12:09:31 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-14T12:11:50 * Sunny0794 joined the channel
2018-03-14T12:12:00 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, the JSDocs CI failure is a real thing that I can verify locally.
2018-03-14T12:12:20 <the-t-in-rtf> Unfortunately, the search on botbot.me is gone (performance problems, I suspect, it was crashing often).
2018-03-14T12:12:43 <the-t-in-rtf> I was looking for cases in which the preferences editor would return undefined or null in a call to getSettings, which seems to be the problem here.
2018-03-14T12:12:53 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon or anyone, does that sound familiar?
2018-03-14T12:13:27 <the-t-in-rtf> This line fails because fetchPromise is undefined:
2018-03-14T12:13:28 <the-t-in-rtf> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/420dd5d9853f1121ad500e1acf02a185eaaa6b81/src/framework/preferences/js/UIEnhancer.js#L116
2018-03-14T12:13:44 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-14T12:15:00 <Sunny0794> hey agdhruv , for which project idea you need help ?
2018-03-14T12:16:45 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - I\'ve not seen this
2018-03-14T12:17:27 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-14T12:18:33 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks.  I have theories that I will explore.
2018-03-14T12:18:48 <the-t-in-rtf> I may have nicked an ear on the JSDocs haircut, I\'ll check the changes to the related files first.
2018-03-14T12:24:57 * gatitoneku has quit
2018-03-14T12:25:16 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-14T12:25:31 <the-t-in-rtf> Looks like a file I didn\'t touch is missing the prefs store include.
2018-03-14T12:25:43 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - I don\'t seem to be able to reproduce that problem in trunk
2018-03-14T12:26:20 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, I tried that.
2018-03-14T12:26:24 <Bosmon> oh ok
2018-03-14T12:26:26 <the-t-in-rtf> Just seeing if there are any differences.
2018-03-14T12:26:41 <the-t-in-rtf> Sorry for the duplicate work, I should have mentioned that.
2018-03-14T12:26:57 <the-t-in-rtf> Just verifying that the include fixes things and then trying to understand why/when that got missed out.
2018-03-14T12:28:29 <the-t-in-rtf> That include is not in master either, hmm.
2018-03-14T12:31:41 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I managed to move on to the next failure, which is another file that lacks that include.  Will clean everything up and commit shortly.
2018-03-14T12:32:05 * gatitoneku joined the channel
2018-03-14T12:35:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-14T12:35:49 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-14T12:36:10 <simonjb> good morning alanharnum
2018-03-14T12:36:17 <alanharnum> morning simonjb
2018-03-14T12:36:54 <simonjb> yesterday evening I submitted captions for the "Nexus Properity4All Year 4" video on YouTube
2018-03-14T12:37:12 <simonjb> would you be able to publish them for me please?
2018-03-14T12:38:19 <simonjb> I submitted as language "English (Canada)" as I think that\'s the language Gregor and I set the video to, but maybe it should just be "English"?
2018-03-14T12:40:21 <alanharnum> simonjb: sure, on it
2018-03-14T12:40:29 <simonjb> awesome, thanks alanharnum
2018-03-14T12:41:58 <alanharnum> simonb: done, please have a look
2018-03-14T12:46:29 <simonjb> alanharnum: thanks, we still have the "English (auto-generated)" ones -- should we remove those?
2018-03-14T12:53:14 <alanharnum> simonjb: ok, I\'ve unpublished those
2018-03-14T12:53:18 <alanharnum> should only be your captions now
2018-03-14T12:54:05 <simonjb> alanharnum: looks good, thanks!
2018-03-14T13:01:46 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-14T13:06:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-14T13:20:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-14T13:25:52 <cindyli> amatas, amatas[m], commenting "ok to test" doesn\'t trigger the CI to run on this pull request - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/597
2018-03-14T13:26:46 <cindyli> do you know why? also wonder if you can manually start the CI for it?
2018-03-14T13:34:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-14T13:39:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2018-03-14T13:42:45 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-14T13:48:05 <Bosmon> cindyli - amatas said earlier that our CI is broken, for some reason that ussjoin_ may be able to shed some light on
2018-03-14T13:59:47 * gatitoneku has quit
2018-03-14T14:00:15 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-14T14:01:21 <amatas> cindyli, Bosmon: the logs of Jenkins are full of messages like: "Server returned HTTP response code: 401, message: \'Unauthorized\' for URL: https://api.github.com/repos/GPII/gpii-app/pulls?state=open" and "{"message":"Must specify two-factor authentication OTP code.","documentation_url":"https://developer.github.com/v3/auth#working-with-two-factor-authentication"}"
2018-03-14T14:01:55 <amatas> I\'ve tried to sign in gitlab using gpii-bot credentials but I need to provide an OTP that I haven\'t
2018-03-14T14:05:10 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-14T14:07:17 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-14T14:08:39 <colinclark> amatas: Doesn\'t this sound related to the task that ussjoin_ asked mrtyler to do at the last ops meeting?
2018-03-14T14:09:03 <colinclark> related to 2FA for the gpii bot on Github?
2018-03-14T14:10:39 <amatas> it seems so colinclark, I\'m talking with mrtyler
2018-03-14T14:11:51 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-14T14:12:14 <colinclark> cool, glad you\'re on it
2018-03-14T14:12:22 <colinclark> it just struck me as familiar :)
2018-03-14T14:13:15 <amatas> we\'re trying to fix it ASAP
2018-03-14T14:15:26 <mrtyler> here\'s what it says under gpii-bot - settings -  "personal access tokens":
2018-03-14T14:15:26 <mrtyler> Last used within the last 8 months Gitlab Sync \xe2\x80\x94 notifications, repo
2018-03-14T14:15:40 <mrtyler> if there\'s supposed to be something else in there, there isn\'t
2018-03-14T14:15:56 <mrtyler> the only change i made was enabling 2fa for gpii-bot\'s github account: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2898
2018-03-14T14:15:58 <amatas> I guess that is the syncronization tool between gitlab-github
2018-03-14T14:16:26 <amatas> can you create another one for Jenkins?
2018-03-14T14:16:53 <mrtyler> yes but first i\'d like to understand why this broke
2018-03-14T14:17:03 <mrtyler> do you know how this was configured before?
2018-03-14T14:17:12 <mrtyler> why would one token have disappeared but another didn\'t?
2018-03-14T14:18:35 <amatas> Jenkins is using user/password credentials to sign in  github as gpii-bot
2018-03-14T14:18:55 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-14T14:18:58 <amatas> but now github asks for an OTP
2018-03-14T14:19:02 <mrtyler> ah
2018-03-14T14:19:19 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-14T14:19:28 <mrtyler> do you know why it was using user/pass instead of a token in the first place?
2018-03-14T14:19:40 <amatas> I don\'t know
2018-03-14T14:19:51 <amatas> kown/remember
2018-03-14T14:20:00 <mrtyler> what "scopes" does the jenkins token need?
2018-03-14T14:20:11 <mrtyler> https://developer.github.com/apps/building-oauth-apps/scopes-for-oauth-apps/
2018-03-14T14:20:33 <amatas> The user needs to have push rights for your repository (must be collaborator (user repo) or must have Push & Pull rights (organization repo)).
2018-03-14T14:20:46 <amatas> https://plugins.jenkins.io/ghprb
2018-03-14T14:23:19 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-14T14:28:43 * kavya joined the channel
2018-03-14T14:29:28 <mrtyler> alfredo is trying an old token i found, then the new one i just made
2018-03-14T14:33:22 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-14T14:34:17 <ussjoin_> Hi, just saw this. I had asked what Jenkins used previously and was told it was a token. I gather it\'s userpass instead? Can that be swapped?
2018-03-14T14:37:52 <mrtyler> FileNotFoundException means that the credentials Jenkins is using is probably wrong. Or the user account does not have write access to the repo.
2018-03-14T14:37:59 <mrtyler> from https://ci.gpii.net/job/ansible-gpii-ci-worker/172/console
2018-03-14T14:38:03 <mrtyler> amatas:
2018-03-14T14:38:22 <amatas> I\'ve tried the first token
2018-03-14T14:38:28 <amatas> I\'m going to test the second
2018-03-14T14:39:31 <amatas> mrtyler: https://github.com/idi-ops/ansible-gpii-ci-worker/pull/10#issuecomment-373043778
'

