b"2018-04-19T18:29:39 * jhung joined the channel
2018-04-19T18:34:29 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T18:36:58 * gtirloni has quit
2018-04-19T19:16:05 * ShadX__ has quit
2018-04-19T19:19:57 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-19T19:21:51 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2018-04-19T19:29:50 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-19T19:32:04 * janardan joined the channel
2018-04-19T19:39:33 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T19:39:35 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-19T19:41:33 * kasper joined the channel
2018-04-19T19:41:34 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-04-19T19:43:25 <cindyli> Bosmon: is it good for you to have our next meeting next Thursday 2pm EDT?
2018-04-19T19:49:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  can expanders not be overridden?
2018-04-19T19:57:24 * kasper has quit
2018-04-19T20:05:39 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-19T20:07:29 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-04-19T20:09:01 * kasper joined the channel
2018-04-19T20:30:00 * cindyli has quit
2018-04-19T20:37:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-04-19T20:49:46 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-19T20:51:33 * jhung has quit
2018-04-19T20:55:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-19T20:55:24 * kasper has quit
2018-04-19T20:59:00 * clown has quit
2018-04-19T21:10:41 * simonjb has quit
2018-04-19T21:11:14 * stegru has quit
2018-04-19T21:17:02 * peix has quit
2018-04-19T21:23:26 * avtar has quit
2018-04-19T21:32:19 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, it's an interesting question
2018-04-19T21:32:26 <Bosmon> You know we have this slightly funny workflow at present
2018-04-19T21:32:34 <Bosmon> Whereas for defaults, we have merging before expansion
2018-04-19T21:32:42 <Bosmon> But for options distributions we have merging after expansion
2018-04-19T21:48:11 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-04-19T22:02:06 * janardan has quit
2018-04-19T22:03:52 * danayo has quit
2018-04-19T22:04:06 * rutvi has quit
2018-04-19T22:09:26 * danayo joined the channel
2018-04-19T22:14:42 * danayo has quit
2018-04-19T22:21:27 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-19T22:35:12 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-19T22:35:14 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-19T22:40:12 * grrrero has quit
2018-04-19T23:54:59 * jessm has quit
"

b'2018-04-19T15:33:04 <Bosmon> hahaha
2018-04-19T15:33:06 <gtirloni> :)
2018-04-19T15:33:23 <Bosmon> Well, the Rot starts at the Top :)
2018-04-19T15:41:39 * cindyli has quit
2018-04-19T15:42:28 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-19T15:53:17 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-19T15:56:38 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T15:56:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-04-19T16:10:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: question about dynamic components. If you have one that is markup driven, can you dynamically add the markup after the parent has been initialized?
2018-04-19T16:11:46 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, interesting question
2018-04-19T16:12:07 <Bosmon> This is somewhat what "newViewComponent" was for in the fluid-authoring branch
2018-04-19T16:12:15 <Bosmon> But can you explain your timeline in some more detail?
2018-04-19T16:12:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, well i guess i\'ll explain why i\'m asking first.. maybe there\'s a better approach or an alternative.
2018-04-19T16:12:59 <Bosmon> Also, we should start to schedule this meeting about the "new framework"
2018-04-19T16:13:06 <Bosmon> But I notice that the-t-in-rtf will be away for the next 2 weeks
2018-04-19T16:13:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i\'m working on the in browser text to speech. which now has a UI with just an icon and a play/pause toggle https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28Floe%29+UI+Options+Design+Walkthrough%2C+C.1?preview=/32014373/34734324/uio_tts1.jpg
2018-04-19T16:13:40 <Bosmon> I guess that means we should make it May 9th
2018-04-19T16:13:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sure, you want to use the community meeting time for that?
2018-04-19T16:14:16 <Bosmon> If it works for the-t-in-rtf - otherwise we should pick another slot that\'s good for him
2018-04-19T16:14:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i\'ll pencil it in for now
2018-04-19T16:14:36 <Justin_o> grrrero: ^
2018-04-19T16:15:11 <grrrero> Thanks Justin_o
2018-04-19T16:16:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, so for the enactor for the self voicing, we\'ll need to have the markup. I\'m thinking that it would be good to be able to use the markup if it exists on the page, or inject it otherwise
2018-04-19T16:16:34 <Justin_o> I suppose that also means injecting the widgets container
2018-04-19T16:17:00 <Justin_o> the only other enactor that has a UI right now is Table of contents, for that we assume that it\'s container is always present
2018-04-19T16:17:08 <Justin_o> and render into it
2018-04-19T16:17:13 <Justin_o> you\'ll get an error if it isn\'t
2018-04-19T16:17:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: any thoughts?
2018-04-19T16:17:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it sounds like you will want to have the "container" argument represented by some kind of expander
2018-04-19T16:18:15 <Bosmon> Since this value needs to be ready during component initialisation
2018-04-19T16:18:39 <Bosmon> But this was the idea behind "newViewComponent" since in many contexts in current Infusion, you actually need to specify "container" at a HIGHER level of nesting than the component
2018-04-19T16:18:50 <Bosmon> Which means you can\'t in general expect to make use of any of the component\'s implementation in computing the value
2018-04-19T16:19:25 <Bosmon> Does this sound like the problem you have?
2018-04-19T16:19:27 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/js/ViewComponentSupport.js#L20
2018-04-19T16:19:42 <Bosmon> Note that this behaviour is the default in the "new framework"
2018-04-19T16:20:50 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/infusion/blob/ba5376fad6a8aa5c4f924e8759b10eef4fd1646c/src/framework/core/js/FluidView.js#L23
2018-04-19T16:20:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think so, so the component can use an existing container or render its own
2018-04-19T16:21:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, you just write the conditional inside the expander
2018-04-19T16:21:15 <Bosmon> Which can decide what to do based on contextual information
2018-04-19T16:21:32 <Bosmon> This was always the concept behind "RENDERER ANTIGENS" which has taken a mere 9 years to start coming about :)
2018-04-19T16:21:52 <Justin_o> less than a decade, that\'s good
2018-04-19T16:22:03 * clown joined the channel
2018-04-19T16:22:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how would it know where to render its own container though?
2018-04-19T16:22:28 <Justin_o> i guess that\'s specified in the code for the expander?
2018-04-19T16:22:54 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well yes, I guess this is the point where one wishes one really did have the new renderer
2018-04-19T16:23:04 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-04-19T16:23:12 <Bosmon> I suggest you just start elaborating further material into your fork of "newViewComponent"
2018-04-19T16:23:37 <Bosmon> That gives you a place where you can make a reference to the DOM binder of a parent
2018-04-19T16:23:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah so you are suggesting i copy fluid.newViewComponent out fluid-authoring and using it right away
2018-04-19T16:24:04 <Justin_o> i am working directly in infusion though
2018-04-19T16:24:23 <Bosmon> You\'ll then need to "look into" the DOM binder and hope that you find a selector that you can figure out how to convert into a specification for where markup should go
2018-04-19T16:24:36 <Bosmon> I mean, this is the central seam that needs to be "sewn up"
2018-04-19T16:24:49 <Bosmon> One person, the parent, writes a selector in a DOM binder that looks like it might bind onto some markup
2018-04-19T16:24:55 <Bosmon> But it might bind onto markup that may or may not be there
2018-04-19T16:25:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  if this is too messy to be in infusion at the moment, i can potentially side step, because the controller is a subcomponent of the main grade called "orator"
2018-04-19T16:25:14 <Bosmon> Then another person, the child, may or may not write some markup which the selector might or might not bind to : P
2018-04-19T16:25:29 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it\'s fine to fork this into Infusion, it\'s just a 5-line grade : P
2018-04-19T16:25:43 <Bosmon> I only didn\'t fork it into Infusion because I wasn\'t working on Infusion at the time
2018-04-19T16:25:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6175/src/components/orator/js/Orator.js#L17-L81
2018-04-19T16:25:52 <Bosmon> ORATOR!
2018-04-19T16:26:00 <Bosmon> Hopefully this ORATOR is OROTUND :)
2018-04-19T16:26:50 <Justin_o> haha i suppose it will depend on the speech synthesizer... maybe in the future we\'ll be able to select characters from movies and the like
2018-04-19T16:26:55 * danayo has quit
2018-04-19T16:29:19 <Bosmon> Justin_o - so the orator is a dynamic component of something else?
2018-04-19T16:29:21 <Bosmon> Or it has one
2018-04-19T16:29:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: if i\'m pulling in fluid.newViewComponent into infusion, where should it go? in FluidView.js, it\'s own file, or with the orator code?
2018-04-19T16:29:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I suggest you make a little "ViewComponentSupport.js" file the same way I did
2018-04-19T16:29:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it\'s just a regular component, but it will need to be used as an enactor, that\'s the next part
2018-04-19T16:30:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, that makes sense
2018-04-19T16:30:03 <Bosmon> Or "NewRendererSupport.js" if you start straying into renderer-like functionality
2018-04-19T16:30:15 <Justin_o> okay, that\'s good to know
2018-04-19T16:30:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so it\'s the enactor bit that makes things a bit more tricky/muddled because it will have to be dynamically added/removed
2018-04-19T16:30:49 <Justin_o> or enabled/disabled in some way
2018-04-19T16:31:16 <Justin_o> so we\'ll probably want to remove the UI when the self voicing preference is disabled
2018-04-19T16:31:24 <Bosmon> ok
2018-04-19T16:31:52 <Bosmon> You\'ve then got the interesting issue of determining, if you find *some* markup in the document that matches your container selector, whether it is actually the markup you want
2018-04-19T16:32:14 <Bosmon> But I guess that decision can be punted to whoever configured you
2018-04-19T16:32:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: slightly off topic, we need a better way to not run enactors in the panel itself, for example at the moment we run ToC in the panel too, but just hide the resulting elements because it isn\'t useful there.
2018-04-19T16:32:54 <Justin_o> similarly we probably don\'t want to run self voicing in the panel and right now it interrupts the other self voicing when the panel opens.
2018-04-19T16:33:15 <Bosmon> One of the issues we should address in the community meeting is how we handle the transition to "new" things
2018-04-19T16:33:27 <Bosmon> I\'ve managed to arrange it so that the "new" viewComponent is 100% compatible with the old one
2018-04-19T16:33:37 <Bosmon> But we need to decide what to do with the "rendererComponent" hierarchy
2018-04-19T16:34:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: fortunately it\'s been "deprecated" for a while
2018-04-19T16:34:02 <Bosmon> But I suspect we will simply want to rename it to "oldRendererComponent" so that we have clear space to implement the new one
2018-04-19T16:34:21 <Bosmon> This is slightly backwards to what we did with the "changeApplier" I think
2018-04-19T16:34:34 <Bosmon> In that we already had a new implementation for that
2018-04-19T16:36:04 <Bosmon> But enough has changed in the core framework that I think we want a transition period of simply getting used to that and shaking out any issues that it raises
2018-04-19T16:36:33 <Bosmon> In theory it is 100% compatible with the old one, but there were always funny kinds of "pseudo-framework" things that people were doing that might get tripped up
2018-04-19T16:36:44 <Bosmon> For example the-t-in-rtf used to inspect his own options.components area, which is no longer available
2018-04-19T16:37:30 <Bosmon> There is a current dev release of it, btw, which people could use to test out their projects with - 3.0.0-dev.20180417T124624Z.ba5376f.FLUID-6148
2018-04-19T16:37:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  hmm.. right.. i wonder if it could just be a build step or something, so have a legacy renderer as an option... or if you manually link in the files you can either pick the legacy or the current one, but the names would be the same
2018-04-19T16:37:43 <Justin_o> maybe that\'s too confusing
2018-04-19T16:37:54 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T16:38:10 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, we\'ll still keep the old renderer implementation in the framework, until the last user of it in the "world" is finally dead
2018-04-19T16:38:32 <Bosmon> People will just have to rename their grades to "fluid.oldRendererComponent" if they want to keep buying into it
2018-04-19T16:38:34 <Justin_o> that might be the prefs framework
2018-04-19T16:38:46 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2018-04-19T16:39:18 * jhung joined the channel
2018-04-19T16:39:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: along with the new framework changes, we may want to talk about an overhaul of the prefs framework so that we aren\'t just retrofitting in the pieces
2018-04-19T16:40:24 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well there\'s not much we can do about that without actually having an implementation of the new renderer
2018-04-19T16:40:55 <Justin_o> yes, it relies quite heavily on the renderer
2018-04-19T16:40:55 <Bosmon> Which we will certainly talk about, but there will be enough material in the meeting just presenting how the new framework is different to the old
2018-04-19T16:41:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are we planning on a 3.0 release after potentia II is merged?
2018-04-19T16:43:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-19T16:45:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well we could, if we had the community resources for a release
2018-04-19T16:45:13 <Bosmon> If we don\'t, I guess we will just continue with the endless stream of dev releases : P
2018-04-19T16:45:33 <Bosmon> Until we finally refactor Infusion into 10 or so minirepos, we are going to have this problem at every release time
2018-04-19T16:45:44 <Bosmon> But I suspect we still don\'t have the community resources for that either :)
2018-04-19T16:45:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-19T16:46:00 <Justin_o> it\'s probably easier with less parts to test
2018-04-19T16:46:47 <Justin_o> although things get messy when we say that this component was tested with this version of infusion and etc.. although i guess it gives us the opportunity to roll out releases over a longer period
2018-04-19T16:48:32 <Justin_o> for newViewComponent do you want me to add a comment with a link back to fluid-authoring?
2018-04-19T16:48:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2018-04-19T16:48:40 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, please
2018-04-19T16:48:48 <Justin_o> okay, will do
2018-04-19T16:48:53 <Bosmon> It will make it easier for people looking for what needs to be cleaned up
2018-04-19T16:49:02 <Justin_o> yah, that\'s really true
2018-04-19T16:49:15 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-19T16:49:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-19T16:49:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  what would happen if a component has both the viewComponent and newViewComponent grades on it
2018-04-19T16:49:54 <Justin_o> i imagine it will work like the old viewComponent
2018-04-19T16:49:59 <Justin_o> is that correct?
2018-04-19T16:50:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, the usual kind of wreck that we have if someone managed to override "viewComponent" with "component"
2018-04-19T16:50:28 <Bosmon> Although that wreck ceases to happen in the new framework
2018-04-19T16:51:08 <Bosmon> But basically you need to ensure that the right one wins at the end
2018-04-19T16:51:11 <Bosmon> By overriding the others
2018-04-19T16:51:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i was asking because i guess this means that the orator will always have to be a newViewComponent and not just in its use as an enactor
2018-04-19T16:52:01 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2018-04-19T16:54:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay thanks for the help
2018-04-19T16:58:14 * peix joined the channel
2018-04-19T16:58:50 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-04-19T17:04:32 * rutvi joined the channel
2018-04-19T17:08:49 * danayo joined the channel
2018-04-19T17:08:54 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-19T17:12:38 * cindyli has quit
2018-04-19T17:34:17 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-04-19T17:45:54 * ShadX__ joined the channel
2018-04-19T17:45:54 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-04-19T18:01:04 <sgithens> cindyli: Will be right there
2018-04-19T18:05:39 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-19T18:05:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-04-19T18:06:25 <cindyli> Bosmon, colinclark, simonjb, sgithens, the-t-in-rtf, sorry i\'m late
2018-04-19T18:06:30 <cindyli> see you in my vidyo room
2018-04-19T18:06:45 <Bosmon> It\'s interesting that we can be in your ROOM without you
2018-04-19T18:06:53 <cindyli> simonjb: are you able to join? don\'t push yourself if you cannot
2018-04-19T18:06:54 <Bosmon> But I guess it is one way in which a VIDYO ROOM is a little like a real one : P
2018-04-19T18:07:05 <simonjb> cindyli: I\'m in your room :)
2018-04-19T18:14:57 * jhung has quit
2018-04-19T18:15:52 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-19T18:16:12 * colinclark joined the channel
'

b'2018-04-19T00:37:46 * danayo joined the channel
2018-04-19T00:37:46 * danayo has quit
2018-04-19T00:43:47 * grrrero has quit
2018-04-19T00:51:37 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-04-19T01:16:07 * gtirloni has quit
2018-04-19T01:22:33 * dandimitrov_ has quit
2018-04-19T01:22:47 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T01:25:04 * yuriy has quit
2018-04-19T01:25:20 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-04-19T01:26:38 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-19T02:03:52 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-19T02:28:19 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-19T05:23:45 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-19T05:25:34 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-19T05:30:33 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-19T06:00:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-19T07:09:09 * dandimitrov_ is now known as dandimitrov
2018-04-19T07:18:09 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-04-19T08:13:10 <the-t-in-rtf1> I\'ll post this to the PR for those working with me on gpii-app code coverage, but thought this might be of wider interest:
2018-04-19T08:13:11 <the-t-in-rtf1> http://the-t-in-rtf.github.io/coverage-reports/gpii-app/201804190948/index.html
2018-04-19T08:13:19 <the-t-in-rtf1> It\'s the first code coverage report for gpii-app.
2018-04-19T08:23:34 * stegru joined the channel
2018-04-19T08:32:26 <georgitodorov> the-t-in-rtf1: Thank you for this, Tony! It is very helpful.
2018-04-19T08:32:52 <the-t-in-rtf1> thanks again for your help, the last conversation we had was the key.
2018-04-19T08:33:14 <the-t-in-rtf1> once I copied all the included sources to the instrumented dir, the tests finally finished.
2018-04-19T08:33:28 <the-t-in-rtf1> I can\'t get the test run to complete successfully, but it seems to fail late in the process.
2018-04-19T08:34:20 <the-t-in-rtf1> I\'m counting on people like yourself to review the report and comment on whether it seems complete.
2018-04-19T08:34:55 <the-t-in-rtf1> whether or not the tests pass we also have to verify that my nyc config (which controls what ends up in the report) is correct.
2018-04-19T08:42:33 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-19T08:44:18 <georgitodorov> the-t-in-rtf: We will take a look at this, sure. Is this PR up to date: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/44? I do not see any new commits since my last comment
2018-04-19T08:44:34 <the-t-in-rtf1> I\'m tidying up at the moment.
2018-04-19T08:44:47 <the-t-in-rtf1> I usually pull in updated dependencies, this time we have new linting rules.
2018-04-19T08:44:55 <the-t-in-rtf1> So I\'m cleaning up what I have before I commit.
2018-04-19T08:45:13 <the-t-in-rtf1> In fact my git precommit hook won\'t allow me to commit until I do.
2018-04-19T08:45:17 <the-t-in-rtf1> :P
2018-04-19T08:46:02 <the-t-in-rtf1> Anyway, it\'ll be this morning at any rate.
2018-04-19T09:26:31 <the-t-in-rtf1> Ugh, it might not be this morning.
2018-04-19T09:26:39 <the-t-in-rtf1> There are a LOT of JSDocs that need to be fixed.
2018-04-19T09:27:05 <the-t-in-rtf1> early afternoon seems likely.
2018-04-19T09:28:57 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-04-19T09:32:16 * yuriy has quit
2018-04-19T09:49:12 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2018-04-19T09:49:57 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-04-19T10:00:05 * stegru has quit
2018-04-19T10:00:55 * stegru joined the channel
2018-04-19T10:04:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-19T10:07:28 <the-t-in-rtf> Today\'s hilarity from JSDocs linting:
2018-04-19T10:07:38 <the-t-in-rtf> 1. Multiple "oaram" instances instead of "param".
2018-04-19T10:07:59 <the-t-in-rtf> 2. At least one use of "@param" where "@return" was obviously intended.
2018-04-19T10:08:46 <the-t-in-rtf> @oaram in some fonts is so close to @param that I had to read it hard.
2018-04-19T10:08:57 <the-t-in-rtf> at least when it\'s underlined.
2018-04-19T10:09:25 <the-t-in-rtf> This is precisely the kind of madness that people are awful at and linting excels at.
2018-04-19T10:12:23 <the-t-in-rtf> Ugh, params with no @param!
2018-04-19T10:28:52 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, it\'s all fixed now.
2018-04-19T10:34:26 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'ll have a more complete coverage report up in a few.
2018-04-19T10:54:39 * jhernandez_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T10:56:32 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-19T10:56:59 * jhernandez_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T11:04:21 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-04-19T11:18:09 * amatas joined the channel
2018-04-19T11:31:48 * amatas has quit
2018-04-19T12:10:25 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig. Could you please clarify what exactly you meant by "Infusionising" the messageBundlesCompiler in your PR comment: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/43#pullrequestreview-113206498
2018-04-19T12:11:04 <georgitodorov> Shall we just include the functions in some namespace or are we supposed to do something else as well?
2018-04-19T12:12:14 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - yes, just putting it in a namespace is fine
2018-04-19T12:17:47 <stegru> javjarfer[m]: Windows settings uses SPI for the wallpaper
2018-04-19T12:29:53 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-04-19T13:03:54 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - it looks like the-t-in-rtf has done the linting in his branch so you can skip that
2018-04-19T13:06:31 <georgitodorov> the-t-in-rtf: We were getting the "invalid template for menu" error when we tried to upgrade to electron 1.8.4
2018-04-19T13:06:51 <georgitodorov> We have a fix for this issue (or rather a workaround) and will soon open a PR for this
2018-04-19T13:07:15 <georgitodorov> Which version of electron are you using in the coverage branch?
2018-04-19T13:07:39 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-19T13:07:57 <georgitodorov> the-t-in-rtf: I just saw that it is 1.8.4
2018-04-19T13:08:26 <georgitodorov> Can you try to revert it back to 1.8.1 and see if everything completes?
2018-04-19T13:08:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-04-19T13:11:37 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-19T13:13:42 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-04-19T13:26:54 <dandimitrov> Hi there jhernandez_, we\'re curious about the electron packaging script for the gpii-app and we couldn\'t find the repo in which it is defined, could you share it with us?
2018-04-19T13:27:10 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T13:29:23 <gtirloni> stegru: just went to check why CI failed, already thinking VM creation failed for some reason... i\'m glad you redefined that property :)
2018-04-19T13:30:01 <stegru> gtirloni: ha yes, I was hoping it was CI\'s fault!
2018-04-19T13:30:06 <gtirloni> lol
2018-04-19T13:37:23 * amatas joined the channel
2018-04-19T13:43:46 * amatas has quit
2018-04-19T13:52:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-04-19T14:01:42 <gtirloni> I think there was a discussion about test data yesterday (or the day before).. I was catching up on that and thought something about the "production"/"cloud-based tests". Since they are neither production nor run on the cloud (but are meant to mimic something like that), should we rename them to "end-to-end tests"? If that category of tests expands, then we can talk about "end-to-end test X failed" ... this pertains these files:
2018-04-19T14:01:42 <gtirloni> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/scripts/vagrantCloudBasedContainers.sh and https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/package.json#L79 and https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/tests/ProductionConfigTests.js
2018-04-19T14:10:08 <jhernandez_> dandimitrov: hey
2018-04-19T14:10:26 <jhernandez_> by packaging you mean, the creation of the installer, isn\'t it?
2018-04-19T14:11:34 <jhernandez_> in that case, is this one https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/blob/master/provisioning/Installer.ps1
2018-04-19T14:12:00 <jhernandez_> which pulls gpii-wix-installer and performs the actual creation of the installer
2018-04-19T14:18:42 <dandimitrov> Oh, great, Thanks jhernandez_
2018-04-19T14:22:53 * jessm joined the channel
2018-04-19T14:22:53 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-04-19T14:23:16 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T14:30:25 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-04-19T14:32:02 <Bosmon> gtirloni - yes, I think "end to end tests" was the name we used at last year\'s Toronto
2018-04-19T14:32:30 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-04-19T14:34:18 <gtirloni> ok. I can create a JIRA and submit the PR if everybody feels the renaming is okay
2018-04-19T14:36:42 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-19T14:37:16 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-04-19T14:42:05 * danayo joined the channel
2018-04-19T14:42:50 * jhung joined the channel
2018-04-19T14:51:05 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-19T14:51:08 * jhung has quit
2018-04-19T14:52:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-19T14:54:50 * cindyli has quit
2018-04-19T14:55:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-04-19T14:56:21 * jhernandez_ joined the channel
2018-04-19T14:56:42 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-19T15:03:12 <mrtyler> i\'m pretty sure we agreed in toronto that "end-to-end tests" was not a good description of what we today call "production-config tests"
2018-04-19T15:03:19 <mrtyler> cc gtirloni Bosmon
2018-04-19T15:03:28 <mrtyler> but hey, it\'s y\'all\'s project :)
2018-04-19T15:04:03 <gtirloni> your project too :) can you remind us what was agreed? I don\'t remember, sorry
2018-04-19T15:04:16 <mrtyler> we agreed that we couldn\'t come up with a good name
2018-04-19T15:04:32 <mrtyler> i called them "Frank tests" to try to break the icejam, and antranig started using that ironically for a while
2018-04-19T15:04:57 <Bosmon> Did we agree that "end to end tests" was a good description of some other kinds of tests that we did have or might have?
2018-04-19T15:05:12 <mrtyler> i think so re: might have. i think not re: did have
2018-04-19T15:05:57 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-04-19T15:06:40 <gtirloni> that doesn\'t move us forward though, is there a better name for what we have today?
2018-04-19T15:07:28 <Bosmon> Well, it would be useful to recall what we thought "end to end tests" was actually the name for
2018-04-19T15:07:50 <Bosmon> Since it would refine our idea of what this terrain looks like
2018-04-19T15:09:19 <gtirloni> i vaguely remember a criticism that e2e wasn\'t really e2e because the two ends don\'t capture the infrastructure all the way from user to database. i find it better than \'production\' because when they fail, nobody is going to think some production cluster is down while discussing this
2018-04-19T15:09:38 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-04-19T15:10:51 <gtirloni> surely companies everywhere are spinning up 2-3 microservices, pointing tests at them and calling this thing something
2018-04-19T15:11:28 <gtirloni> maybe someone with more industry experience could suggest a proper name, e2e is what i could think of reading the irc logs
2018-04-19T15:11:58 <Bosmon> It\'s a shame that "Integration tests" are already used to label something else
2018-04-19T15:12:05 <Bosmon> But I guess these really are a variety of integration test
2018-04-19T15:12:21 <Bosmon> We could call it an "platform integration test"?
2018-04-19T15:12:56 <Bosmon> Although "platform" is already used in a few other senses
2018-04-19T15:13:07 <Bosmon> But I was imagining the sense in which it is used in "PaaS"
2018-04-19T15:13:29 <gtirloni> mrtyler: do you recall having something similar at Yelp?
2018-04-19T15:13:40 <Bosmon> Not that we think much of that as an idiom, but perhaps we at least buy into the terminology it relies on
2018-04-19T15:14:20 <mrtyler> we referred to a lot of things that weren\'t unit tests as "integration tests", including a system that spun up things in docker containers and asserted behaviors about that setup
2018-04-19T15:14:51 <Bosmon> OK, so it sounds like we are in the right territory with some form of "X Integration Tests"
2018-04-19T15:15:26 <gtirloni> cool
2018-04-19T15:17:00 * avtar joined the channel
2018-04-19T15:17:30 <Bosmon> "Cluster Integration Tests"?
2018-04-19T15:17:59 <gtirloni> integration tests at the componnent level, integration tests at the service level.. just thinking out loud... service integration tests?
2018-04-19T15:18:54 <Bosmon> "Service" is probably misused even more than "Platform"
2018-04-19T15:19:08 <Bosmon> Otherwise we would have this horrific plague of XaaS acronyms
2018-04-19T15:19:13 <Bosmon> wouldn\'t
2018-04-19T15:19:25 <gtirloni> haha
2018-04-19T15:21:32 * simonjb has quit
2018-04-19T15:22:14 <gtirloni> i still think e2e would be appropriate here, even if they aren\'t terribly comprehensive right now
2018-04-19T15:29:11 <Bosmon> ok
2018-04-19T15:29:34 <Bosmon> I mean, who\'s to say where "ends" are : P
2018-04-19T15:29:46 <Bosmon> All the same, we may curse ourselves once we make some genuine e2e tests
2018-04-19T15:32:37 <gtirloni> down with defining where things end! :)
2018-04-19T15:32:38 <gtirloni> but i agree, there\'s also the argument for leaving things as-is for now because who\'s actually getting harmed (or misled by thinking the production cluster is down), i think we have clarified what the are enough
2018-04-19T15:32:59 <gtirloni> just felt trigger-happy about renaming some things
'

