b'2018-09-26T17:10:19 <Bosmon> Is it possible for the inhabitants of these spaces to determine that they are in them?
2018-09-26T17:10:36 <Justin_o> hmm.. i\'m not sure
2018-09-26T17:11:31 <Justin_o> it may be that only the portbinding itself runs in more than one space, but i\'d have to double check that too
2018-09-26T17:17:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I don\'t see an obvious way to ask the extension api where i am
2018-09-26T17:17:36 <Justin_o> where the code is running
2018-09-26T17:23:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are you thinking that source and destination can refer to the space?
2018-09-26T17:25:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: there are cases where we want to send to both the content scripts and the browser action
2018-09-26T17:25:29 <Justin_o> i wonder if it\'s sufficient to just specify a source
2018-09-26T17:26:06 <Justin_o> and that source could either be the space or something else.
2018-09-26T17:26:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2018-09-26T17:29:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, the source is less relevant than the destination
2018-09-26T17:30:13 <Bosmon> And then the question is, if the sender has specified the destination space, whether the receiver can actually determine that they are in that space
2018-09-26T17:33:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: not through any built in mechanism that i can see
2018-09-26T17:34:39 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I found a partial answer here: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4456969/how-to-tell-if-a-script-is-run-as-content-script-or-background-script/14866788
2018-09-26T17:35:02 <Bosmon> Especially the 2nd answer
2018-09-26T17:36:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - but perhaps we can skip this part of the filtering for this round of implementation, if we can expect to discriminate source and target based on grade names for the current task?
2018-09-26T17:43:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that second answer does seem to work.
2018-09-26T17:43:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess we\'d need to be able to include multiple targets
2018-09-26T17:43:54 <Justin_o> so an array to handle cases where we broadcast to both the content scripts and the browser action
2018-09-26T17:49:06 <cindyli> Bosmon, jhernandez, can one of you have a look and merge the pull request we talked earlier - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/672
2018-09-26T17:49:24 <cindyli> i\'ve tested it with QSS
2018-09-26T17:49:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think i\'ll stick with grade names for now though
2018-09-26T17:50:52 <the-t-in-rtf> @jhernandez, you mean the "generic term"?
2018-09-26T17:51:56 <the-t-in-rtf> We might have intended for volumeTTS to be the TTS volume and ham-fistedly tied that to the system volume, but in any case we should be able to split it out, i.e. have one for volume and one for TTS volume.
2018-09-26T18:00:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. maybe I\'m confusing the message system a bit. We do setup a port which would suggest that it should only be sending messages over that connection. So I don\'t think it\'s broadcast. I think I was getting that confused with the in browser one i had to setup for the captions when messaging between the content script and the web page.
2018-09-26T18:02:00 <Justin_o> the domSettingsApplier does broadcast to ever tab/window and to the browser action but it should happen on separate ports, which are each in a separate dynamic component
2018-09-26T18:19:45 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting Rob Carr will be talking about Documenting Accessibility in Wireframes. The collaborative meeting notes are at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+%28September+26%2C+2018%29%3A+Documenting+Accessibility+in+Wireframes
2018-09-26T18:29:17 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-26T18:43:16 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-26T19:09:41 * avtar joined the channel
2018-09-26T19:28:04 * avtar1 joined the channel
2018-09-26T19:51:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-26T19:56:02 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-26T20:23:34 * avtar joined the channel
2018-09-26T21:13:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-26T21:15:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-26T22:36:17 * michelled joined the channel
'

b'2018-09-26T14:13:54 <cindyli> super. thanks, jhernandez
2018-09-26T14:14:29 <jhernandez> cindyli: just, get rid of these lines: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/solutions/win32.json5#L4721-L4723
2018-09-26T14:14:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: looking at your comments for https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/pull/14#discussion_r220571724
2018-09-26T14:15:06 <Justin_o> I believe in our current implementations the store is what holds the data, and the data source is what performs the reads/writes to it.
2018-09-26T14:15:18 <Bosmon> Justin_o - right
2018-09-26T14:15:29 <Justin_o> that\'s what this is trying to simulate
2018-09-26T14:15:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-26T14:16:08 <Justin_o> it receives messages from changes to the "shared" model and tracks those for use by the dataSource
2018-09-26T14:16:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2018-09-26T14:17:26 <Bosmon> Justin_o - so the idea of a "Store" is a kind of localised prefs framework phenomenon, and we should try to move towards the DataSource itself as the primary API which is used for accessing persistence
2018-09-26T14:17:54 <Bosmon> So in this case there is no real reason for there to actually be a "store" in that we can implement the DataSource API perfectly well on top of the port message backing layer
2018-09-26T14:18:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so your suggestion is to drop the store completely, and have the data source message the "shared" model directly
2018-09-26T14:18:46 <Justin_o> i think you just summarized that while i was typing ;)
2018-09-26T14:19:09 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, this "keep hold of the last message" business just couples together a bunch of things which we\'d prefer to keep separate
2018-09-26T14:19:34 <Justin_o> okay.. i\'ll take a look at making that change
2018-09-26T14:20:05 <Bosmon> Your "gpii.chrome.portBinding" implementation is perfectly capable as acting for the backing of a DataSource in its own right
2018-09-26T14:20:59 <Bosmon> Without involving the "store" semantics as an intermediary
2018-09-26T14:21:29 <Bosmon> At some point we should try to axe "store" from the prefs framework, once we get some spare time
2018-09-26T14:22:34 <Justin_o> okay.. yes, i guess there the dataSource would just access the cookie or memory directly
2018-09-26T14:22:38 <Justin_o> that seems reasonable
2018-09-26T14:22:42 <Bosmon> I think we did have some kind of "normalise prefs framework store semantics towards standard" JIRA but I don\'t seem to find it
2018-09-26T14:23:14 <Justin_o> hmm.. i can\'t recall
2018-09-26T14:23:21 <Bosmon> As the new renderer gets implemented it will become more and more important to have a standard approach towards persistence
2018-09-26T14:23:35 <Bosmon> Since we will need to have some way of expressing the fact that "the server and client have done the same persistence"
2018-09-26T14:24:04 <Bosmon> Or even more importantly, expressing the fact that "the server has expressed no side-effects other than fetching from persistence", etc.
2018-09-26T14:24:25 <Justin_o> standardizing and simplifying sounds good to me
2018-09-26T14:25:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o well it\'s interesting, you seem to have already directly implemented the dataSource API in your "gpii.chrome.portBinding.store"
2018-09-26T14:25:59 <Bosmon> So all that seems to be required is to i) change the name, ii) axe the lastIncomingPayload bypass in favour of just implementing onRead.impl directly in terms of the messages
2018-09-26T14:26:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, actually stores are a type of datasource if i\'m now remembering correctly
2018-09-26T14:27:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/preferences/js/Store.js#L20
2018-09-26T14:27:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I see, ok, that\'s good so it looks like we did this work already
2018-09-26T14:27:48 <Justin_o> :)
2018-09-26T14:28:22 <Justin_o> not sure why gpii.chrome.portBinding.store isn\'t a fluid.prefs.store.. might have been an oversight..
2018-09-26T14:28:54 <Bosmon> OK
2018-09-26T14:29:03 <Bosmon> Well we should make a general task to eliminate fluid.prefs.store completely
2018-09-26T14:29:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but i think the reason for the lastIncomingPayload is because the messages are more push that pull
2018-09-26T14:29:46 <Justin_o> i suppose i could re-work things so that i can send a message to something to ask it to send me a message back with the data
2018-09-26T14:32:19 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how could a read be triggered otherwise!
2018-09-26T14:32:23 <Bosmon> How are they triggered at the moment?
2018-09-26T14:32:39 <Justin_o> that\'s what the lastIncomingPayload member handled
2018-09-26T14:32:49 <Justin_o> it would just read from whatever the last received message had stored
2018-09-26T14:32:55 <Bosmon> Yes, but what if there wasn\'t one
2018-09-26T14:33:08 <Bosmon> Or if it was incredibly stale ....
2018-09-26T14:33:10 <Justin_o> then the model would be empty
2018-09-26T14:33:50 <Bosmon> Surely a big purpose of this API is to be able to issue a request for an up to date rendition of the remote state?
2018-09-26T14:34:02 <Justin_o> there are so many messages flying around, i\'m not sure it would happen that it would be stale, but i guess it could be.. in that it might get read while an update was coming in
2018-09-26T14:35:14 <Bosmon> I\'m surprised this seems to work
2018-09-26T14:35:19 <Bosmon> What happens at startup?
2018-09-26T14:35:30 <Bosmon> There doesn\'t seem to be a reason for there to be an update at that point
2018-09-26T14:37:28 <Justin_o> the domSettingsApplier fires messages whenever its model is changed
2018-09-26T14:38:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2018-09-26T14:41:59 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I see, that\'s interesting
2018-09-26T14:44:48 <Bosmon> But what if the port is not connected at the time the most recent model change occurs?
2018-09-26T14:46:06 <colinclark> hey Justin_o, it\'s sounding like Bosmon and Philip are up for a community meeting on October 3, in which we reprise our presentations at the PPIG conference
2018-09-26T14:46:19 <colinclark> I wonder what we\'ll call it, specifically
2018-09-26T14:46:26 <colinclark> but anyway, we can go ahead and schedule it
2018-09-26T14:49:38 <Justin_o> colinclark: that\'s great thanks.. i\'ll put it on the wiki page. Can you let me know when you have title and maybe short description. I plan on sending those out on Monday morning.
2018-09-26T14:49:46 <colinclark> yes
2018-09-26T14:49:53 <Justin_o> Thanks
2018-09-26T15:01:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: regarding your question about port connection timing. I\'m not sure. I believe the port will be connected when the popup for the model relay is opened.
2018-09-26T15:01:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - and I assume at the time that happens, it will need to issue a read
2018-09-26T15:04:22 <Justin_o> but the lastIncomingMessage would have been set because the port connection would have fired off its initial model
2018-09-26T15:04:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2018-09-26T15:05:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/blob/master/extension/src/lib/domSettingsApplier.js#L75-L81
2018-09-26T15:05:19 <Justin_o> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/blob/master/extension/src/lib/domSettingsApplier.js#L46-L55
2018-09-26T15:14:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - this seems odd - isn\'t the requirement for the domSettingsApplier to read its model over the port on startup, rather than write it?
2018-09-26T15:16:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it sends it\'s model, mostly it\'s used by the enactors in the content-scripts of the various open tabs/windows
2018-09-26T15:16:25 <Justin_o> it\'s also used by the prefs editor in the popup, which needs to both get and set the model
2018-09-26T15:16:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok - well, still this seems somewhat like an accident of usage
2018-09-26T15:17:05 <Bosmon> To me it seems important that the client has the ability to locally trigger a read without necessarily having to piggy-back it on a write
2018-09-26T15:17:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m trying to think about how to get things to work.. the "store" will now need to both post a message to fetch, and post a message to write.. at the moment it was assumed only one type of message posting would happen, so i\'ll need to modify some things.
2018-09-26T15:18:18 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, I think read + read-receipt, write + write-receipt seem like a reasonable collection of messages
2018-09-26T15:18:31 <Bosmon> In either direction
2018-09-26T15:24:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, that should be enough.. let me   rework the portbinding for that
2018-09-26T15:25:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - awesome, thanks
2018-09-26T15:26:39 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-26T15:26:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/pull/14#discussion_r220587977 regarding this, the issue is that all of the messages are broadcast to everyone
2018-09-26T15:27:20 <Justin_o> so each component needs to specify exactly which ones it actually wants to listen to
2018-09-26T15:28:18 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, that\'s interesting
2018-09-26T15:28:40 <Bosmon> I suggest we need to break this down then into two separate fields at the top payload level
2018-09-26T15:28:57 <Bosmon> i) the message type, ii) the source/destination of message
2018-09-26T15:29:05 <Bosmon> I guess that is three fields :)
2018-09-26T15:29:38 <Bosmon> A reasonable choice for source/destination would be the Infusion component id of the components at the two ends of the bridge
2018-09-26T15:29:58 <Bosmon> And in that way most of the filtering job is just checking that a message is destined for this component
2018-09-26T15:30:17 <Bosmon> After that, we can then filter on message type in a way based on the "sensible defaults"
2018-09-26T15:30:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so a structure like {type: "read/read-receipt/write/write-receipt",  source: "", destination: "", payload: {}}
2018-09-26T15:30:40 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, I think that makes sense
2018-09-26T15:30:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how would I know the ID ahead of time though?
2018-09-26T15:31:00 <Justin_o> also these components live in different spaces
2018-09-26T15:31:07 <Justin_o> hence the need for the messaging
2018-09-26T15:33:10 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, that\'s true - ok instead the "remote ids" should take the form of an IoCSS selector which identifies the component in the remote space
2018-09-26T15:33:32 <Bosmon> I guess the components at the moment "find each other" by assuming that they are the only ones that deal in a message of a particular type?
2018-09-26T15:33:56 <Bosmon> We should prepare for a world in which multiple pairs of components can be expected to use the bus at the same time without colliding with each other
2018-09-26T15:34:03 <Bosmon> Remind me what the names of the different spaces are?
2018-09-26T15:58:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-26T16:00:03 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-09-26T16:04:37 <cindyli> Bosmon, jhernandez, do you know which solution should be matched for "http://registry.gpii.net/common/volume"? a prefs set example - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/preferences/multi_context.json5#L14
2018-09-26T16:04:53 <cindyli> our new flat matchmaker and the previous canopy matchmaker cannot find any match for it
2018-09-26T16:05:47 <cindyli> i mean the new flat matchmaker when using dynamic device reporter
2018-09-26T16:08:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so at the moment they do use the component type name in the type..
2018-09-26T16:08:18 <cindyli> when the flat matchmaker is used together with the regular device reporter which returns "com.freedomscientific.jaws" as a potential solution, this com.freedomscientific.jaws will be picked as a match for "volume". And this causes the issue 2 reported by Georgi in this jira - https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3400
2018-09-26T16:08:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so there is the background page, content script, browser action popup, web page (that uses a different messaging system though).
2018-09-26T16:12:24 <jhernandez> cindyli: I think that the "multi_context" user was mostly used for demoing the multi context on the PSP - not sure about the right solution to this, but I don\'t see any user keying-in with that user and/or adding the "volume" setting to any pref set
2018-09-26T16:12:56 <jhernandez> ohh, ok, it\'s JAWS
2018-09-26T16:13:00 <jhernandez> hmmm
2018-09-26T16:13:42 <jhernandez> well, it changes nothing, I think
2018-09-26T16:13:51 <Bosmon> cindyli - ok, that\'s interesting
2018-09-26T16:14:27 <jhernandez> hmm
2018-09-26T16:14:35 <jhernandez> shouldn\'t JAWS be following volumeTTS?
2018-09-26T16:14:48 <jhernandez> rather than the OS volume
2018-09-26T16:14:50 <jhernandez> =?
2018-09-26T16:15:36 <cindyli> jhernandez: but JAWs is not installed on the windows that QSS runs on
2018-09-26T16:15:48 <jhernandez> cindyli: okay
2018-09-26T16:16:07 <jhernandez> and which config are you using to run the QSS?
2018-09-26T16:16:39 <jhernandez> I\'m wondering whether it is really being reported as installed - http://localhost:8081/device
2018-09-26T16:16:42 <cindyli> so it causes all 3 errors that https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3400 talks about in issue 2 with running config "gpii.config.untrusted.development.all.local.json5", jhernandez
2018-09-26T16:16:53 <jhernandez> okay
2018-09-26T16:17:11 <cindyli> as u know, this config returns a static set of detected solutions
2018-09-26T16:17:58 <cindyli> this problem didn\'t happen before because the canopy matchmaker is smart not to return jaws as a match even when this static set is returned
2018-09-26T16:18:24 <jhernandez> cindyli: right, you should use "gpii.config.untrusted.development.dynamicDR.all.local" to avoid this stuff
2018-09-26T16:18:29 <cindyli> the canopy matchmaker simply doesn\'t find any solutions for "volume" no matter which config is used
2018-09-26T16:19:07 <jhernandez> aha
2018-09-26T16:19:07 <jhernandez> okay
2018-09-26T16:20:04 <cindyli> i agree, jhernandez. but it would be nice to have the other config usable by QSS. if we know jaws should not be picked for matching "volume", we probable should fix the flat matchmaker or solution registry to exclude it
2018-09-26T16:21:24 <jhernandez> okay, I\'d say the flat matchmaker to exclude it
2018-09-26T16:21:26 <cindyli> another thing is, since there isn\'t a match for "volume" with dynamic DR config, the "Volume" setting will not be shown on PSP
2018-09-26T16:22:01 <jhernandez> okay, interesting
2018-09-26T16:24:08 <cindyli> if we expect no match for "volume", shall this preference be removed from our demo data?
2018-09-26T16:30:26 <cindyli> Bosmon, jhernandez, can we have a short call about this issue? ^
2018-09-26T16:30:45 <jhernandez> cindyli: sure
2018-09-26T16:30:59 <jhernandez> do you want me to re-open the room?
2018-09-26T16:31:03 <Bosmon> !!!
2018-09-26T16:31:05 <Bosmon> ROOM!
2018-09-26T16:31:08 <cindyli> yes pls
2018-09-26T16:31:28 <jhernandez> room 3
2018-09-26T16:32:00 <cindyli> yes, in
2018-09-26T16:36:16 <cindyli> Bosmon: where are you
2018-09-26T16:38:50 <Bosmon> Coming, sorry
2018-09-26T16:44:53 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: question, is there any reason for not using volumeTTS instead of volume (which is IIRC mostly related OS volume)?
2018-09-26T16:45:05 <jhernandez> (in jaws)
2018-09-26T16:45:07 <jhernandez> \xc2\xbf?
2018-09-26T16:46:43 <stegru> oops, sorry I missed the meeting - I was engrossed in my work
2018-09-26T16:52:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - which are the spaces that the current two things which are connected in?
2018-09-26T16:52:28 <Bosmon> I guess it is browser action popup and content script?
2018-09-26T17:07:28 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-09-26T17:07:43 * danayo_ has quit
2018-09-26T17:08:29 <Justin_o> it\'s background page and content script
2018-09-26T17:08:38 <Justin_o> and background page and browser action
2018-09-26T17:09:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2018-09-26T17:10:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok
'

b'2018-09-26T00:15:10 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-26T00:15:24 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-26T02:14:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-26T02:29:55 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-26T06:16:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-26T07:11:03 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-09-26T07:48:19 <georgitodorov> Bosmon or anyone else: I understand that Cindy had sent an email describing her latest changes to gpii-windows and gpii-universal. Can you please forward it to us as it seems we did not get it? Thank you!
2018-09-26T07:53:57 <georgitodorov> jhernandez, stegru, the-t-in-rtf ^
2018-09-26T07:55:09 <jhernandez> georgitodorov: hmm, not sure what\'s the email you\'re talking about - Bosmon ?
2018-09-26T07:56:30 <georgitodorov> jhernandez: As far as I can tell, it is related to Cindy\'s changes regarding application of QSS settings and the improved "noUser" functionality.
2018-09-26T07:56:40 <georgitodorov> It was sent on 24th Sept
2018-09-26T07:56:58 <georgitodorov> or early 25th Sept
2018-09-26T08:02:15 * georgit joined the channel
2018-09-26T08:06:31 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-09-26T08:28:18 * georgit has quit
2018-09-26T08:28:33 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-09-26T09:35:16 <Bosmon> georgitodorov yes, on the 25th and as far as I see you and Danail were on the CC list
2018-09-26T09:35:53 <Bosmon> jhernandez it was in reply to your mail of the day before
2018-09-26T09:36:35 <Bosmon> "Testing Danail\'s feature/QSS1.1 branch of gpii-app with last master"
2018-09-26T09:38:41 <jhernandez> oh, okay, in that case, Cindy\'s reply doesn\'t include any description or clarification about the changes made on universal
2018-09-26T09:38:59 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I see. Indeed there is no description
2018-09-26T09:39:13 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Are there any changes that we need to make on our end?
2018-09-26T09:39:14 <jhernandez> I thought there was another email around
2018-09-26T09:40:45 <jhernandez> georgitodorov: i.e.: I saw that gpii-app was keying-in/out using http requests and now you\'re safe to use function calls for that purpose
2018-09-26T09:40:47 <Bosmon> georgitodorov, jhernandez - the main work in cindy\'s updates are described in the following JIRAs:
2018-09-26T09:40:51 <Bosmon> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3378
2018-09-26T09:41:05 <Bosmon> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3388
2018-09-26T09:41:42 <Bosmon> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3393
2018-09-26T09:42:30 <Bosmon> We also need to check in about https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2957
2018-09-26T09:45:59 <jhernandez> Bosmon: and the proper version of the noUser implementation (https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/653) that is merged into master https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3193
2018-09-26T09:46:44 <Bosmon> jhernandez - yes thanks, that was done the previous week I think
2018-09-26T09:47:02 <Bosmon> So in theory master of universal should now have feature parity with the old feds_audit branch
2018-09-26T09:47:10 <Bosmon> And we should be able to use it as the basis for integrating everything
2018-09-26T09:47:38 <jhernandez> yup, just wanted to let georgitodorov know about it, but I don\'t think this needs any tweaking on gpii-app\'s side
2018-09-26T09:47:55 <Bosmon> ok, but we still have a few integration test failures, right?
2018-09-26T09:48:12 <jhernandez> yup, I think the missing bits are the language and highContrast themes related prs
2018-09-26T09:48:17 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I will start looking into them shortly
2018-09-26T09:48:34 <Bosmon> great, thanks
2018-09-26T09:48:40 <georgitodorov> I just wanted to know if there is anything we need to change before that
2018-09-26T09:48:41 <Bosmon> I wish someone would put my language PR to bed : P
2018-09-26T09:48:47 <Bosmon> It has been circulating for 1 million years
2018-09-26T09:48:49 <georgitodorov> And it seems there is not
2018-09-26T09:49:37 <jhernandez> Bosmon: wait, which one? the PSP language one? or the one that updates the list of supported languages?
2018-09-26T09:49:45 <Bosmon> jhernandez - the latter
2018-09-26T09:50:23 <jhernandez> oh, right
2018-09-26T09:50:30 <jhernandez> merging it right now
2018-09-26T09:53:26 <Bosmon> awesome, thanks!
2018-09-26T09:56:26 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Actually, we have identified some issues with the newest version of gpii-windows
2018-09-26T09:56:45 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - cool, what kind of problems do we have?
2018-09-26T09:56:48 <georgitodorov> Related to the "language" and "high contrast" setting mostly
2018-09-26T09:57:15 <georgitodorov> For example, the values for "language" in the PSP were only 7. Now they are 30 or more
2018-09-26T09:57:58 <georgitodorov> And the only shared value between the QSS and the PSP is "en-US". I remember that a month or so ago this was also the case but was then modified
2018-09-26T09:58:26 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - this isn\'t the issue solved by https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/640 which jhernandez is just merging?
2018-09-26T09:58:27 <georgitodorov> I guess this is something that still needs to be done by Cindy?
2018-09-26T09:58:55 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I seems so
2018-09-26T09:59:26 <jhernandez> yes, this is exactly what I\'m merging right now
2018-09-26T09:59:41 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: The other thing about "high contrast" is that it now changes the "High contrast theme" setting in the PSP
2018-09-26T10:00:02 <georgitodorov> Previously it used to change "Windows high contrast" and "UIO+ High contrast"
2018-09-26T10:01:00 <georgitodorov> So I am not sure how much remaining work Cindy has and whether it makes sense for us to try to fix the integration tests before she finishes with it
2018-09-26T10:01:15 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - the work is done from our point of view from this round
2018-09-26T10:01:32 <Bosmon> It is not terribly easy to accommodate changes at both sets of granularity in the different tools
2018-09-26T10:01:55 <Bosmon> And we still don\'t have a clear decision from UX about how they imagined that we could change settings at an application level in one tool and at the top level in the QSS
2018-09-26T10:02:10 <Bosmon> So I think we should go for this model for the time being and await a further round of input from UX in future
2018-09-26T10:02:30 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Okay. In that case what else needs to be done by Cindy?
2018-09-26T10:02:47 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - cindy is now implementing the "reset" functionality which will work the way we discussed last week
2018-09-26T10:03:00 <Bosmon> By having the PSP/QSS trigger a logon of the "reset" token
2018-09-26T10:03:10 <Bosmon> which will also have the effect of logging out any currently logged-in user
2018-09-26T10:04:13 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Great. And what about the thing that Javi mentioned (and I think that you made a similar comment in one of our PRs) about keying in/out by a function call instead of by issuing and HTTP request?
2018-09-26T10:04:17 <georgitodorov> Is that implemented?
2018-09-26T10:06:06 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Also, would we sync up the values for "high contrast" between the QSS (there are 8 there) and the PSP (there are only 4 there)? And how should we handle the "regular-contrast" value?
2018-09-26T10:07:15 <jhernandez> georgitodorov: for the function calls, yes, it\'s already implemented, see https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/documentation/LifecycleManager.md#main-functions-of-lifecycle-manager
2018-09-26T10:08:03 <jhernandez> for the high contrast themes, there\'s a pr in place that still needs to be merged into master (see https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/667)
2018-09-26T10:08:33 <Bosmon> Thanks for that, jhernandez - I\'ll merge that in now
2018-09-26T10:13:00 <Bosmon> georgitodorov, jhernandez - whilst I see that it is now theoretically possible to keyin/out with a function call, I think the mechanism is not terribly easy to use
2018-09-26T10:13:10 <Bosmon> I\'ll ask cindy to improve it a bit when she appears
2018-09-26T10:18:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-26T10:20:14 * georgit joined the channel
2018-09-26T10:20:14 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-09-26T10:22:39 * georgi_todorov joined the channel
2018-09-26T10:22:39 * georgit has quit
2018-09-26T10:25:34 <jhernandez> Bosmon: got it, thanks
2018-09-26T10:35:22 <Bosmon> jhernandez, ok GPII-3382 is merged
2018-09-26T10:37:04 <jhernandez> greeat, your GPII-3202 is now merged too
2018-09-26T10:46:23 <georgi_todorov> Bosmon, jhernandez: I noticed an issue with snapset_4d. Whenever I try to key in with this snapset, I get 3 errors: "A setting was not changed" (I think this is related to the "volume" setting), "Morphic can\'t start app" (I suppose, the magnifier is the problematic one) and the default "Oops, something went wrong" error
2018-09-26T10:46:52 <georgi_todorov> Then, when I change the "volume" setting, the magnifier is successfully opened but I still get the "A setting was not changed" error
2018-09-26T10:47:18 <jhernandez> all them in a row?! hmmm
2018-09-26T10:47:29 <georgi_todorov> jhernandez: yes
2018-09-26T10:53:18 <jhernandez> hmm, snapset_4d doesn\'t include the "volume" setting
2018-09-26T10:53:43 <jhernandez> oh, btw, georgi_todorov which config are you using to perform the tests?
2018-09-26T10:55:45 <georgi_todorov> jhernandez: We are extending "%gpii-universal/gpii/configs/gpii.config.untrusted.development.all.local.json5"
2018-09-26T10:55:51 <jhernandez> okay
2018-09-26T10:56:00 <jhernandez> all.local
2018-09-26T10:57:46 <jhernandez> georgi_todorov: I\'d say you should use "gpii.config.untrusted.development.dynamicDR.all.local"
2018-09-26T10:58:01 <jhernandez> it\'s the same but it uses the dynamic device reporter
2018-09-26T10:58:44 <jhernandez> it would be great if you can check whether you\'re getting the same error by using that config
2018-09-26T10:58:59 <jhernandez> it\'s the same as you mentioned earlier but, it uses the dynamic device reporter
2018-09-26T10:59:25 <jhernandez> (just in case the static device reporter is messing around)
2018-09-26T10:59:27 <jhernandez> ;)
2018-09-26T11:10:08 * georgit joined the channel
2018-09-26T11:13:48 * georgi_todorov has quit
2018-09-26T11:17:53 <Bosmon> OK, georgit, jhernandez - I\'ve published a new gpii-windows at  0.3.0-dev.20180926T111640Z.283aa31 which incorporates those fixes to the solutions registry, as well as stegru \'s metrics work
2018-09-26T12:18:38 <georgit> Bosmon: Thank you!
2018-09-26T12:18:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-26T12:19:36 <georgit> Bosmon, jhernandez: Things are getting even more interesting. I changed the configuration as Javi suggested and I do not get errors for "snapset_4d" but I started getting the "Morphic can\'t start app" when trying to change "High Contrast" from the QSS
2018-09-26T12:20:05 <georgit> What is more - whenever I get the "Morphic can\'t start app" error, I can no longer key out...
2018-09-26T12:20:05 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-09-26T12:20:46 <georgit> I had the chance to test on a different machine at the office and there were no errors with the all.local configuration and snapset_4d
2018-09-26T12:21:07 <georgit> But still there were issues with keying out not happening
2018-09-26T12:22:02 <georgit> Should we still use the /proximityTriggered endpoint (or {lifecycleManager}.performProximityTriggered) or switch back to /login and /logout?
2018-09-26T12:22:37 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-09-26T12:25:23 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-26T12:26:13 <Bosmon> georgit - could you write up your experiences in a JIRA, and we can present them to cindyli when she appears
2018-09-26T12:26:18 <jhernandez> georgit: oops! :/
2018-09-26T12:26:42 <jhernandez> yup, that\'s what was I going to tell, let\'s wait for Cindy
2018-09-26T12:27:08 <georgit> Bosmon, jhernandez: Sure, will do that right now
2018-09-26T12:27:40 <jhernandez> georgit: can you fish up the errors from the log? they might help
2018-09-26T12:27:42 <jhernandez> thanks
2018-09-26T12:27:44 <jhernandez> :)
2018-09-26T12:33:37 <georgit> jhernandez: You mean what I get in the gpii-app console or somewhere else (where should I look for those logs)?
2018-09-26T12:35:13 <jhernandez> the logs from c:\\Users\\your-user\\AppData\\Local\\Temp\\gpii\\ IIRC
2018-09-26T12:48:05 * javjarfer[m] sent a long message:  < https://matrix.org/_matrix/media/v1/download/matrix.org/UegEiCTuPVoLWkIrNodAAulJ >
2018-09-26T12:48:13 <javjarfer[m]> has anyone find himself in this situation?
2018-09-26T12:49:17 <javjarfer[m]> found himself\x0f
2018-09-26T12:53:04 * Kavya joined the channel
2018-09-26T12:57:03 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-26T12:58:11 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-09-26T13:04:04 <georgit> cindyli: Hey, Cindy! We have been testing the PSP/QSS with the most recent version of `gpii-windows` and came across some interesting issues
2018-09-26T13:04:22 <georgit> Here is the JIRA ticket where I tried to describe them: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3400
2018-09-26T13:04:43 <georgit> Can you take a look at them? Let me know if you need any further information. Thank you!
2018-09-26T13:13:52 <cindyli> sure. thanks, georgit
2018-09-26T13:14:56 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-26T13:19:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-26T13:42:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-26T13:45:18 * avtar joined the channel
2018-09-26T13:54:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-26T13:58:31 * Kavya has quit
2018-09-26T14:03:14 * georgit has quit
2018-09-26T14:08:18 <cindyli> Bosmon, jhernandez, what is the solution "net.opendirective.maavis" - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/solutions/win32.json5#L4617? The dynamic device reporter detects this solution on the windows machine that QSS runs on. this solution is also a match when high contrast is turned on, at line 4672. but its settings handler fails to apply and reports an error to QSS
2018-09-26T14:09:33 <jhernandez> cindyli: okay, that one was on my list (disable maavis) but before your changes it only the affected the ReadToMe snapset
2018-09-26T14:09:45 <jhernandez> or by using ReadAloud
2018-09-26T14:10:05 <jhernandez> *it only affected
2018-09-26T14:10:40 <cindyli> jhernandez: i believe it\'s because our matchmaker has been switched to use flat matchmaker that only performs a straight match
2018-09-26T14:11:01 <cindyli> this issue didn\'t happen before because canopy matchmaker will filter it out
2018-09-26T14:11:18 <jhernandez> yeah, the mm switch
2018-09-26T14:11:38 <cindyli> can we disable it sooner if it\'s already on your list?
2018-09-26T14:12:18 <jhernandez> okay - the maavis solution was already in the list of things we don\'t want it to be around
2018-09-26T14:12:38 <jhernandez> I\'ll do it right away
2018-09-26T14:13:08 * jhung joined the channel
2018-09-26T14:13:13 <cindyli> cool. thanks, jhernandez. in the meanwhile, how can i disable it to test? can i simply remove it from win32.json?
2018-09-26T14:13:45 <jhernandez> cindyli: you can remove "alwaysInstalled" policy
'

