b'2018-07-23T17:53:22 * michelled has quit
2018-07-23T17:57:56 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-23T17:58:35 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-23T17:58:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T17:59:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T18:01:52 * alanharnum1 joined the channel
2018-07-23T18:03:58 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-23T18:09:45 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-23T18:10:36 * simonjb has quit
2018-07-23T18:11:29 * michelled1 joined the channel
2018-07-23T18:13:33 * michelled has quit
2018-07-23T18:16:12 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-23T18:19:42 <cindyli> Bosmon and Bosmon2, when GPII starts and no key is keyed in, "noUser" should automatically be keyed in. do you know if "onCreate" event with priority "last" on gpii.flowManager.local is the right place to identify GPII has started and perform an "noUser" key in?
2018-07-23T18:25:40 * alanharnum1 has quit
2018-07-23T18:29:09 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-23T18:34:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T18:37:36 * Bosmon2 has quit
2018-07-23T18:39:41 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-23T18:43:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-23T19:01:46 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-23T19:06:27 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-23T19:16:17 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-23T19:28:27 * kavya has quit
2018-07-23T20:02:26 * amatas has quit
2018-07-23T20:03:31 <Bosmon> cindyli - That sounds reasonable to me
2018-07-23T20:03:46 <Bosmon> If you run into any race conditions resulting from that choice, we can address them
2018-07-23T20:03:54 <Bosmon> But logically, that choice should work
2018-07-23T20:04:35 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-23T20:13:45 <cindyli> Bosmon: i later noticed loginUser() invoker is on request handlers for /login, /logout, /proximityTrigger
2018-07-23T20:13:54 * stepan[rtf] has quit
2018-07-23T20:14:04 <cindyli> these handlers are only constructed at receiving requests
2018-07-23T20:14:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T20:14:32 <Bosmon> cindyli - if that\'s inconvenient, then they should probably be moved
2018-07-23T20:14:32 <cindyli> so, if this invoker needs to be called from gpii.flowManager.local
2018-07-23T20:15:20 <cindyli> 1. gpii.flowManager.local sends a http request to /noUser/login, which i\'m not sure how to do it
2018-07-23T20:15:51 <cindyli> 2. move loginUser() invoker, probably along with other invokers like logoutUser(), out of request handlers
2018-07-23T20:15:59 <Bosmon> cindyli - 2
2018-07-23T20:16:07 <cindyli> ok
2018-07-23T20:16:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: could you please review this PR for fluid-publish https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/12
2018-07-23T20:16:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure
2018-07-23T20:16:18 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
2018-07-23T20:16:34 <Justin_o> I realized that I\'ll need to be able to publish dev releases in order to work more easily on UIO+
2018-07-23T20:16:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2018-07-23T20:16:52 <Bosmon> Justin_o - and would you be able to peer at this one - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/912 ?
2018-07-23T20:17:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sure
2018-07-23T20:18:09 <Bosmon> chers!
2018-07-23T20:18:35 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-23T20:19:40 * simonjb has quit
2018-07-23T20:22:21 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-23T20:22:39 * simonjb has quit
2018-07-23T20:35:06 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
2018-07-23T20:41:12 * Hassany2 has quit
2018-07-23T20:51:50 * michelled1 has quit
2018-07-23T20:56:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I merged your pr https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/912
2018-07-23T21:07:13 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-23T21:23:47 * gtirloni has quit
2018-07-23T21:47:05 * danayo has quit
2018-07-23T22:15:27 * stepan[rtf] has quit
2018-07-23T22:15:44 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T22:17:05 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-23T22:20:06 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-23T22:33:21 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-23T22:34:32 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
'

b'2018-07-23T03:48:52 * jhernandez has quit
2018-07-23T03:49:04 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-07-23T09:19:29 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
2018-07-23T09:29:53 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-23T09:52:09 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
2018-07-23T11:02:03 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-07-23T11:12:04 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-23T11:47:24 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-23T11:58:55 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-23T11:59:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T12:08:07 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-23T12:28:56 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-23T12:30:12 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-23T12:33:12 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, @gtirloni, just setting up jnow.
2018-07-23T12:33:17 <gtirloni> ok
2018-07-23T12:33:56 <the-t-in-rtf> what would you prefer, vidyo or skype?
2018-07-23T12:34:28 <gtirloni> hmm skype
2018-07-23T12:37:49 * stepan[rtf] has quit
2018-07-23T12:42:45 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
2018-07-23T12:52:00 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-23T12:54:46 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-23T12:56:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:05:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:08:54 * Hassany2 joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:09:59 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:10:23 <cindyli> Bosmon: in case you didn\'t see my message last Friday regarding GPII-3193 - https://botbot.me/freenode/fluid-work/2018-07-20/?msg=102302759&page=2, what do you think about the structure mentioned there?
2018-07-23T13:10:34 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes the structure looks reasonable
2018-07-23T13:10:36 <cindyli> or, shall i send a pull request for "PHASE 1 - implement the noUser session itself, in the very simple way that just listens to the logout event"
2018-07-23T13:11:14 <Bosmon> cindyli - I think it might be useful for Astea to be able to start their testing early, if you are likely to get to such a thing some reasonable time before having the queue ready
2018-07-23T13:11:55 <cindyli> ok, Bosmon. phase 1 first then phase 2
2018-07-23T13:11:55 <Bosmon> What do you think, dandimitrov - would you be able to start some integration work fairly soon or would prefer to wait a couple of days?
2018-07-23T13:12:32 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:13:24 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: We still have some things left from the QSS1.0 to work on but we could probably start on integration in parallel as well
2018-07-23T13:14:15 <Bosmon> OK - cindyli - I guess it sounds like an early pull could be helpful - especially since your work on the queue would primarily only fix issues which are observable using the proximity logon system
2018-07-23T13:14:16 <dandimitrov> I was meaining to ask about the no user keyed in profile in order to make the changes on our side
2018-07-23T13:14:50 <Bosmon> cindyli - and would this include a system for allowing the "save" option to be triggered from via the PSP channel?
2018-07-23T13:16:45 <cindyli> Bosmon, dandimitrov: explicit save is already supported in the current master with the merge of GPII-3213 last friday. But I think we decided when "noUser" is login, no save is allowed
2018-07-23T13:17:09 <Bosmon> cindyli - cool, sorry, I must have missed it/forgotten : P
2018-07-23T13:17:17 <Bosmon> How is the operation signalled from the channel?
2018-07-23T13:18:28 <cindyli> Bosmon, dandimitrov: to trigger the explicit save, PSP channel increase "model.saveButtonClickCount" by 1 - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/PSPChannel.js#L43
2018-07-23T13:18:40 <Bosmon> cindyli - excellent, thanks :)
2018-07-23T13:36:53 * stepan[rtf] has quit
2018-07-23T13:42:26 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:43:44 * stepan[rtf] has quit
2018-07-23T13:44:00 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:44:19 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:44:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:45:01 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-23T13:46:36 <dandimitrov> cindyli: Great, thanks. We\xe2\x80\x99ll give explicit save a go shortly
2018-07-23T13:59:36 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-23T14:07:27 * amatas joined the channel
2018-07-23T14:22:31 <Justin_o> jhernandez: would you be able to review this UIO+ PR for me https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/pull/8
2018-07-23T14:22:55 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-23T14:23:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i filed a JIRA about the 2fa issue for fluid-publish https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6308
2018-07-23T14:23:52 <Justin_o> not sure yet when I\'ll have a chance to look at it though
2018-07-23T14:24:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-23T14:27:34 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-23T14:39:19 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i\'m having issues with running vagrant from the infusion repo
2018-07-23T14:39:48 <gtirloni> Justin_o: hi, could you paste the error please
2018-07-23T14:41:34 <Justin_o> gtirloni: hmm.. actually it looks like it worked this time.. my docker crashed during the install and i restarted it.. not sure if that was a coincidence or related
2018-07-23T14:42:20 <gtirloni> it could have restarted the network interface, which could break some checks that vagrant does when booting, or dnf (pkg mgr) when it\'s trying to contact the metadata service..
2018-07-23T14:42:28 <gtirloni> glad it\'s working now, please let me know if it continues
2018-07-23T14:45:02 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks, will do
2018-07-23T14:45:10 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-23T14:48:04 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-23T14:48:13 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-23T14:51:50 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-23T14:59:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T15:13:48 * kavya has quit
2018-07-23T15:17:47 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2018-07-23T15:19:20 * sgithens has quit
2018-07-23T15:19:42 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-07-23T15:19:54 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-07-23T15:30:23 * stepan[rtf] has quit
2018-07-23T15:30:34 * stepan[rtf] joined the channel
2018-07-23T15:38:14 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-23T15:58:45 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-23T16:12:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-23T16:13:41 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-23T16:14:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T16:16:35 <Justin_o> alanharnum, gmoss: did you want to talk today about any language stuff for the prefs framework?
2018-07-23T16:17:37 <alanharnum> Justin_o gmoss: I think now that we understand the source of the bug with locales, the way forward is pretty clear
2018-07-23T16:18:14 <alanharnum> gmoss, thoughts?
2018-07-23T16:18:27 <Justin_o> alanharnum: okay great.. sorry i was of no help on that, but glad you got it figured out
2018-07-23T16:19:09 <alanharnum> Justin_o: no problem - it was several layers down from UIO and took quite some digging to ferret out the actual source
2018-07-23T16:19:49 <alanharnum> i felt fairly gratified at finding a bug that had been around that long
2018-07-23T16:19:51 <alanharnum> :)
2018-07-23T16:20:04 <Justin_o> :) and i\'m super glad you also fixed it
2018-07-23T16:22:26 <gmoss> alanharnum: I agree, I think we have a decent sense of what we need to modify to get everything working. That said, if we have any questions it would be great to be able to pick your brain, Justin_o!
2018-07-23T16:23:12 <alanharnum> yeah I think there will be some larger questions about how to best document and add additional code to make it clear to implementors about how to use UIO in different languages from our available message bundles, or add their own translations (while encouraging them to contribute them back to us)
2018-07-23T16:24:09 <gmoss> We briefly discussed the possibility of disabling certain panels based on language, as well. I think I have an idea of how to implement that but it would be good to discuss it when the time comes
2018-07-23T16:24:52 <gmoss> e.g. in Farsi, the letter spacing panel doesn\'t really apply as the characters in that language aren\'t meant to be separated in the same way that the roman alphabet can
2018-07-23T16:25:18 <gmoss> but we can talk about that later ;)
2018-07-23T16:25:41 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf1: i just ran the tests through vagrant and am noticing that my new files aren\'t showing up in the report
2018-07-23T16:25:58 <Justin_o> the tests have the links to testem and coverageSender
2018-07-23T16:26:22 <Justin_o> also they just aren\'t showing up at all in the report, as though the source files to be tested don\'t exist
2018-07-23T16:27:02 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-23T16:27:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T16:34:48 <Justin_o> gmoss, alanharnum: please let me know if you need to chat at all. Also related to the panels hiding we should see if we can touch things up so that we don\'t have to provide containers for each panel ahead of time. I couldn\'t find a JIRA for this though
2018-07-23T16:43:21 * avtar has quit
2018-07-23T16:44:42 <the-t-in-rtf1> @Justin_o, I\'m guessing you\'re working in universal?
2018-07-23T16:45:00 <the-t-in-rtf1> in any case, it\'s generally a matter of getting the includes and excludes right, and those are hardest in universal.
2018-07-23T16:45:16 <the-t-in-rtf1> the testem.js file and in some cases the .nycrc need to be updated.
2018-07-23T16:45:20 <the-t-in-rtf1> depends on the project.
2018-07-23T16:48:04 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  sorry that was for infusion
2018-07-23T16:48:20 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  but i wonder if the path is wrong, i\'ll check that
2018-07-23T16:48:57 <Justin_o> well they are the same as the other files, so i guess it should work
2018-07-23T16:49:18 <the-t-in-rtf> If your work is checked in somewhere mention me in the pull and I\'ll look at it in the morning.
2018-07-23T16:49:31 <the-t-in-rtf> Did you add a new HTML fixture or anything?
2018-07-23T16:49:52 <the-t-in-rtf> If so, make sure you also have the coverage client loaded, that\'s my other guess offhand.
2018-07-23T16:50:29 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  there are new html files, but they have the testem and coverageSender added
2018-07-23T16:50:44 <Justin_o> i\'ll submit the PR now and mention you on it though.. thanks
2018-07-23T16:51:18 <the-t-in-rtf> cool, happy to help, but more happy when I can just check out a branch... :)
2018-07-23T16:51:54 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-23T16:53:23 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: just mentioned you on it now. thanks
2018-07-23T16:54:20 <colinclark> hiya jhernandez, how\'s it going?
2018-07-23T16:54:41 <colinclark> have you had a chance to look into set us up a release branch for our cloud 1 release?
2018-07-23T17:00:32 <jhernandez> Justin_o: sure, I will take a look at that pr ;)
2018-07-23T17:00:52 <Justin_o> jhernandez: thanks
2018-07-23T17:01:04 <jhernandez> colinclark: yes, in fact Alfredo and I had a nice call on that
2018-07-23T17:01:10 <colinclark> amazing
2018-07-23T17:01:16 <colinclark> that\'s great
2018-07-23T17:01:26 <colinclark> how will it all work?
2018-07-23T17:01:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-23T17:02:08 <jhernandez> we took some notes on this pad, https://pad.gpii.net/p/automated-builds-2018-07-23-sa44nmu
2018-07-23T17:05:57 <jhernandez> colinclark: feel free to add any comments, questions or whatever that comes to your mind, but that\'s basically the plan
2018-07-23T17:06:26 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-23T17:07:05 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-23T17:09:00 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2018-07-23T17:18:45 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-23T17:18:56 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-23T17:20:01 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-23T17:26:54 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-23T17:31:59 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-23T17:35:16 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-23T17:40:41 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-23T17:42:03 <Justin_o> jhernandez: for this demo https://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/demos/prefsFramework/ I need to make a new version of the image in the banner for a new contrast theme
2018-07-23T17:42:09 <Justin_o> what was the process you used to do this?
2018-07-23T17:43:33 <Justin_o> sorry, i meant to ping jhung
2018-07-23T17:44:46 <jhung> Justin_o: taking a look now.
2018-07-23T17:44:55 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2018-07-23T17:47:17 <jhung> Justin_o: I had used Photoshop and converted it to B&W. Then I adjusted the levels until it was monochrome. Then I replace the colours with what I wanted. That was before we got into using SVGs \xe2\x80\xa6 It might be easier if we went the SVG route now.
2018-07-23T17:48:09 <Justin_o> yes, it probably would be easier
2018-07-23T17:48:19 <Justin_o> how hard would it be to convert that into an SVG?
2018-07-23T17:49:08 <jhung> If we had a reasonably good resolution of that logo, it would not be hard Justin_o
2018-07-23T17:51:05 <Justin_o> jhung: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:NOAA_logo.svg
2018-07-23T17:51:20 <Justin_o> but it\'s not the whole banner.. i guess we could redo the reset as just text
2018-07-23T17:52:21 <jhung> Probably better we use real text for text anyway Justin_o.
2018-07-23T17:52:51 <Justin_o> i agree with that.. it seems on their new site they do this
2018-07-23T17:53:19 * michelled joined the channel
'

