b'2018-01-24T20:28:27 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-24T20:36:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T20:43:37 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-24T20:44:01 * clown is now known as Guest62204
2018-01-24T20:46:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-01-24T20:47:47 * Guest62204 has quit
2018-01-24T20:52:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-24T20:59:51 * kasparnet has quit
2018-01-24T21:38:10 * cindyli1 has quit
2018-01-24T21:42:07 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-24T21:49:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T21:54:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T22:18:08 * amatas has quit
2018-01-24T22:26:36 * simonjb has quit
2018-01-24T23:00:21 * stegru has quit
2018-01-24T23:32:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T23:39:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

b'2018-01-24T00:16:57 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-01-24T00:48:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-24T01:23:36 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-24T01:51:06 * avtar joined the channel
2018-01-24T02:26:43 * avtar has quit
2018-01-24T05:48:16 * danayo has quit
2018-01-24T06:01:21 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-24T06:10:12 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-24T06:11:30 * danayo has quit
2018-01-24T06:36:29 * grrrero has quit
2018-01-24T07:34:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-24T07:46:36 * mrtyler has quit
2018-01-24T07:51:47 * amatas joined the channel
2018-01-24T08:05:13 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-24T08:11:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-24T08:25:47 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-01-24T08:28:35 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-01-24T08:40:42 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-01-24T08:50:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-24T08:57:28 * georgit joined the channel
2018-01-24T09:01:34 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-01-24T09:22:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-24T09:35:35 * stegru joined the channel
2018-01-24T10:40:17 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-01-24T10:43:35 * georgit has quit
2018-01-24T10:43:48 * georgit joined the channel
2018-01-24T10:44:59 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-01-24T11:01:45 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-01-24T11:04:31 * georgit has quit
2018-01-24T11:06:35 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-01-24T11:29:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-24T11:40:57 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-01-24T11:44:55 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! I have come across a strange behavior. I am trying to write some integration tests for the survey functionality. In a testCaseHolder sequence I define two elements which wait for 2 different events to occur. These 2 events happen one after the other and are very close in time. What happens when the test sequence is executed is that the test hangs on the second event
2018-01-24T11:44:55 <georgitodorov> fixture element.
2018-01-24T11:45:16 <georgitodorov> If I comment out one of the sequence elements or the other, everything runs fine.
2018-01-24T11:45:46 <georgitodorov> If I add a timeout in the PSP code so that I delay the second event a bit, the test run again okay.
2018-01-24T11:48:06 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Has this happened before for tests? I saw a comment in the original PSP request for the integration tests which makes me believe that this is some more general issue: "if you do this here, you can\'t wait for an event that happens around the same time in the actual test". The comment was left by michelle, I think.
2018-01-24T11:56:02 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-24T12:21:51 * georgit joined the channel
2018-01-24T12:25:33 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-01-24T12:27:14 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-24T12:31:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T12:58:25 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-01-24T13:08:29 <Bosmon> georgit - yes, it is this issue: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5502
2018-01-24T13:43:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-24T13:54:16 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-01-24T13:56:57 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-24T14:09:52 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-24T14:14:47 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-24T14:16:05 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-24T14:16:55 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-24T14:17:17 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-24T14:20:16 <dandimitrov> Hey, Bosmon! I\'m having troubles with namespaced modelListeners: overriding of a normal (namespaced)listener seems to be working properly, but same approach for a modelListener keeps both listeners
2018-01-24T14:20:48 <dandimitrov> Here\'s a simple test I did for modelListeners: https://pastebin.com/ijLmUC1B
2018-01-24T14:21:59 <dandimitrov> It prints both "a" and "b" to the console
2018-01-24T14:34:39 <amatas_> hi stegru, I\'m searching the script with sqlite to deduplicate the metrics of the pilosts that you showed me some time ago without success. Could you remind me the script/line to do so?
2018-01-24T14:35:10 <stegru> amatas_: what a co-incidence.. I\'m struggling with es2csv ;)
2018-01-24T14:35:32 <amatas_> haha lets combine our minds
2018-01-24T14:35:35 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - hi, but you have written no namesapce
2018-01-24T14:35:37 <Bosmon> namespace
2018-01-24T14:35:41 <amatas_> what problem do you have?
2018-01-24T14:36:04 <Bosmon> You have just written two modelListeners listening to the path "x.a"
2018-01-24T14:36:46 <stegru> amatas_:  emailed the script - if it fails, just sent me the csv
2018-01-24T14:36:55 <amatas_> ok thanks!
2018-01-24T14:37:26 <Bosmon> https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ChangeApplierAPI.html#model-listener-declaration
2018-01-24T14:37:39 <dandimitrov> Bosmon, I remember reading somewhere that this was setting a namespace
2018-01-24T14:37:58 <stegru> I\'m going to make a script for this, including the filebeat installer, and throw it in a repo
2018-01-24T14:38:06 <stegru> without the passwords, of course
2018-01-24T14:38:09 <Bosmon> The "x.a" syntax only sets namespaces for standard listeners
2018-01-24T14:38:15 <dandimitrov> but yeah, with `namespace: ` it works
2018-01-24T14:38:24 <Bosmon> For model listeners, it would be ambiguous with listening to a longer path, so it doesn\'t
2018-01-24T14:38:37 <dandimitrov> Oh, right
2018-01-24T14:38:55 <Bosmon> If you want a namespace for a model listener, you can either i) write an explicit namespace entry, or ii) write a "path" entry inside the block which then means the entirety of the key becomes the namespace
2018-01-24T14:40:01 <dandimitrov> I\'ll probably stick with a `namespace` entry
2018-01-24T14:40:17 <Bosmon> Yes, it is much clearer
2018-01-24T14:40:18 <dandimitrov> Thanks, Bosmon
2018-01-24T14:50:00 * georgit has quit
2018-01-24T14:50:21 <stegru> amatas_: what command are you using? I\'m using the one in GPII-2390, and I\'m getting "TransportError(403, u\'\')" (I get a different error if I use the wrong password)
2018-01-24T14:51:55 <amatas_> stegru: ./es2csv.py -u https://[user]:[pass]@[id].us-east-1.aws.found.io:9243 -q "*" -o jan.csv --verify-certs -i \'gpii-2018.01*\'
2018-01-24T14:52:20 <amatas_> I have both monthly metrics files
2018-01-24T14:52:49 <amatas_> and if I try to exec your script I get "Error: near line 9: no such column: json_timestamp"
2018-01-24T14:54:25 <stegru> send me a file, amatas_ ?
2018-01-24T14:54:31 <stegru> or paste the head
2018-01-24T14:55:18 <amatas_> stegru: sent
2018-01-24T14:59:07 <stegru> amatas_: fixing...
2018-01-24T15:00:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-24T15:02:32 <stegru> amatas_: sent
2018-01-24T15:03:43 <amatas_> wow, from 20megs to less than a meg
2018-01-24T15:04:06 <stegru> yeh!
2018-01-24T15:04:08 <stegru> 6006 clean-dec.csv
2018-01-24T15:04:08 <stegru> 107971 dec.csv
2018-01-24T15:04:16 <stegru> someone really needs to sort this out
2018-01-24T15:06:33 <stegru> amatas_: is it the same user and password as the filebeat?
2018-01-24T15:07:23 <amatas_> stegru: I\'m using the "global" user, but filebeat  user should work as well
2018-01-24T15:08:15 <stegru> it doesn\'t - but i get a different error if i use the wrong password
2018-01-24T15:08:51 <stegru> I wonder if that user can\'t download. I was about to complain if it did, since we\'re dishing it out on the pilots
2018-01-24T15:12:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-24T15:18:36 * jhernandez has quit
2018-01-24T15:18:51 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-01-24T15:21:45 <amatas_> stegru: after check the permissions, you\'re right. The filebeat can write and create new indexes but is not able to read data
2018-01-24T15:22:00 <stegru> well, that\'s a good thing, amatas_
2018-01-24T15:22:08 * jhernandez has quit
2018-01-24T15:22:26 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-01-24T15:31:41 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-24T15:38:33 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-24T15:52:34 * Kavya joined the channel
2018-01-24T16:02:39 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-01-24T16:14:05 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-01-24T16:14:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-01-24T16:21:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T16:32:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T16:33:33 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-24T16:33:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T16:46:06 * jessm joined the channel
2018-01-24T16:48:54 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-24T16:57:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-24T17:00:53 <the-t-in-rtf> Who\'s starting the room for the meeting?
2018-01-24T17:10:58 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-24T17:36:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T17:39:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-24T17:41:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T17:45:21 * kasparnet has quit
2018-01-24T17:51:49 * avtar joined the channel
2018-01-24T17:52:39 <stegru> thanks for your comments, ussjoin
2018-01-24T17:56:17 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-24T17:56:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T18:13:30 * Kavya has quit
2018-01-24T18:32:57 * danayo has quit
2018-01-24T18:34:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T18:39:38 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-01-24T18:40:25 * cindyli has quit
2018-01-24T19:04:47 * stegru has quit
2018-01-24T19:09:26 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-01-24T19:19:25 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-24T19:21:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T19:24:39 * stegru joined the channel
2018-01-24T19:25:23 <grrrero> fluid-everyone: Today\'s community meeting is about sharing and pooling inclusive design resources! We have a collaborative wiki for the meeting here: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+(Jan+24,+2018)+-+Pooling+and+Sharing+Inclusive+Design+Resources
2018-01-24T19:33:22 <jhung> fluid-everyone: the document we\'ll be using for notes https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+(Jan+24,+2018)+-+Pooling+and+Sharing+Inclusive+Design+Resources
2018-01-24T19:33:38 <jhung> oops that was already posted. :)
2018-01-24T19:33:47 <grrrero> Thanks for the bump jhung :)
2018-01-24T19:33:58 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-24T19:34:05 <clown> no worries jhung.  sometimes you don\'t arrive until after the link is posted.
2018-01-24T19:34:21 * clown has quit
2018-01-24T19:34:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-24T19:34:44 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-24T19:36:16 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-24T19:37:19 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-24T20:01:19 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-24T20:04:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-24T20:21:42 * gtirloni has quit
'

