b"2018-08-28T16:31:50 * simonjb_ joined the channel
2018-08-28T16:32:26 <gtirloni> this one would be nice to have, so we can avoid running `npm install` twice since it takes a while (and CI can publish infusion more easily) -- https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/927
2018-08-28T16:33:03 <gtirloni> i think that's it.. this one was just for testing purposes but it could soon become relevant: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/923
2018-08-28T16:35:50 <Justin_o> okay, so the last one we're waiting on node to move 10x to lts?
2018-08-28T16:40:10 <gtirloni> right
2018-08-28T16:40:18 <gtirloni> in a month or so
2018-08-28T16:40:41 * Jess_ has quit
2018-08-28T16:42:55 <Justin_o> gtirloni: okay thanks
2018-08-28T16:43:03 <Justin_o> i'll try to take a look at the other two for you this week
2018-08-28T16:43:06 <Justin_o> maybe even today :)
2018-08-28T16:43:39 <gtirloni> awesome, thanks!
2018-08-28T16:47:05 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-28T16:48:39 * michelled has quit
2018-08-28T16:48:55 * danayo has quit
2018-08-28T17:04:37 <Justin_o> gmoss: could you do me a favour.. could you please test this on windows https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/907
2018-08-28T17:04:52 <gmoss> Justin_o: sure
2018-08-28T17:05:08 <Justin_o> gmoss: i believe you can just run npm run test:vagrant and make sure that it all works and uses fedora 28
2018-08-28T17:05:12 <Justin_o> thanks
2018-08-28T17:12:14 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-28T17:12:29 <Justin_o> gtirloni: for this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/927 I see that you've left a suggestion to add the feature to vagrant-ci-plugin.. should we wait for it there or merge this PR now?
2018-08-28T17:13:45 <Justin_o> gtirloni: also is there a JIRA for that one?
2018-08-28T17:18:28 <gmoss> Justin_o: test running, I'll let you know
2018-08-28T17:18:37 <Justin_o> gmoss: thanks
2018-08-28T17:19:51 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-28T17:20:07 <gmoss> seeing some vagrant issues, I'm going to upgrade to latest and try again
2018-08-28T17:25:01 <Justin_o> gmoss: okay. thanks.. let me know if that helps. I think i am running latest virtual box, not sure i'm on the latest vagrant or not
2018-08-28T17:59:05 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-28T18:03:45 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-28T18:04:37 * Jess_ joined the channel
2018-08-28T18:08:33 <gmoss> Justin_o: I'm having a lot of trouble getting the tests to run, seems like a config error on my part
2018-08-28T18:08:48 <gmoss> I've to to go offline for a bit, but I will try to sort this out after
2018-08-28T18:09:59 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-28T18:11:12 <Justin_o> gmoss: np, thanks
2018-08-28T18:17:43 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2018-08-28T18:24:52 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-28T18:31:11 * Jess_ has quit
2018-08-28T18:38:23 * Jess_ joined the channel
2018-08-28T18:40:40 * Jess_ has quit
2018-08-28T19:08:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-28T19:11:52 * Jess_ joined the channel
2018-08-28T19:16:53 * avtar joined the channel
2018-08-28T19:24:34 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-28T19:42:14 <michelled> alanharnum, gtirloni: I'm ready to have this pull request merged but I believe there's some things you need to do for that to go smoothly: https://github.com/inclusive-design/website-cities/pull/18
2018-08-28T19:42:28 <michelled> it is the pull request that moves the inclusive cites site over to Hugo
2018-08-28T19:44:24 <alanharnum> michelled: I'll check in with gtirloni when he's available, but from looking his contribution we'll move this over to running on a Docker container, which is pretty straightforward
2018-08-28T19:44:42 <alanharnum> is it time-sensitive?
2018-08-28T19:45:37 <michelled> alanharnum: we were hoping to get this change in before the next blog post goes up
2018-08-28T19:45:45 <michelled> and I think they are hoping to get the next post up this week
2018-08-28T19:46:35 <alanharnum> OK, I think this should be pretty quick - looks like gtirloni's already done some work to get us ready to do it; will check in with him, should be doable before Friday
2018-08-28T19:46:54 <michelled> great! thanks
2018-08-28T19:48:16 * Jess_ has quit
2018-08-28T20:53:03 * michelled has quit
2018-08-28T20:59:28 * simonjb_ has quit
2018-08-28T21:02:24 * clown has quit
2018-08-28T21:10:51 * g2szeto has quit
2018-08-28T21:18:44 * danayo has quit
2018-08-28T21:21:23 * jhung_away has quit
2018-08-28T21:35:35 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-28T21:57:11 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-28T23:20:24 * avtar has quit
2018-08-28T23:34:40 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-28T23:39:15 * michelled has quit
2018-08-28T23:51:09 * michelled joined the channel
"

b'2018-08-28T00:14:52 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-28T00:43:10 * michelled has quit
2018-08-28T02:38:02 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-28T04:00:14 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-28T05:17:41 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-28T05:21:31 * danayo has quit
2018-08-28T05:22:17 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-28T05:22:17 * danayo has quit
2018-08-28T06:10:52 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-28T06:13:06 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-28T07:13:05 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-08-28T08:18:37 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-28T08:37:19 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-28T08:43:45 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-28T08:53:15 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-28T08:53:59 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-28T08:54:07 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-28T08:58:32 <the-t-in-rtf> @javjarfer[m], we\'re supposed to meet shortly.
2018-08-28T08:58:35 <the-t-in-rtf> Just seeing if you\'re around.
2018-08-28T09:06:29 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-08-28T09:43:53 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-08-28T09:47:06 * yuriy has quit
2018-08-28T09:47:42 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-08-28T09:48:23 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-08-28T10:29:35 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-28T10:58:59 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! Any news about Cindy\'s branch? Do you think it will be merged soon?
2018-08-28T11:17:59 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-28T11:25:08 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli
2018-08-28T11:25:13 <Bosmon> georgitodorov was just asking about your branch :)
2018-08-28T11:25:19 <Bosmon> I think you just have a couple of small tidyups?
2018-08-28T11:26:50 <sgithens> Morning, will be ready in about 8 mins, are we back to vidyo today or still skyping?
2018-08-28T11:29:55 <the-t-in-rtf> Depends on @bosmon.
2018-08-28T11:30:05 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m assuming we\'re still skyping.
2018-08-28T11:30:15 <the-t-in-rtf> 1.5 minutes to warm up my coffee, BRB.
2018-08-28T11:30:18 <cindyli> yes, Bosmon, i\'m taking yesterday and today off. today i\'ll only be online for the account management meeting. will finish the clean up on my branch tomorrow
2018-08-28T11:33:04 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, @cindyli, we\'re on Skype.
2018-08-28T11:52:03 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I will need further clarification on this PR comment: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3044 as I am still unsure what I have to do
2018-08-28T11:52:25 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - wrong link?
2018-08-28T11:52:48 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Oops. https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/48#pullrequestreview-149285598
2018-08-28T11:54:34 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - sorry, looking at the function now I see its explicit purpose is to process an ordered list
2018-08-28T11:54:36 <Bosmon> Please ignore my comment
2018-08-28T11:57:13 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Okay, thank you.
2018-08-28T12:00:12 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-28T12:07:04 * cindyli has quit
2018-08-28T12:08:10 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: We addressed the current PR comments for the QSS functionality
2018-08-28T12:08:20 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - that\'s great
2018-08-28T12:08:27 <Bosmon> And the coverage is looking reasonable now?
2018-08-28T12:08:35 * michelled has quit
2018-08-28T12:09:24 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-28T12:10:53 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Yes. The irony is that the QSS is the functionality which has the most test coverage. We have added tests for the suggested PSP3 snippets and even some more. So we have around 94% coverage of statements and 83% coverage of branches
2018-08-28T12:11:12 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - that\'s brilliant
2018-08-28T12:11:20 <Bosmon> I\'ll take another look at the branch shortly
2018-08-28T12:11:47 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Great!
2018-08-28T12:12:10 <Bosmon> Looks like CI crashed again, I\'ve kicked off another run
2018-08-28T12:13:56 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I never saw the CI complete for this branch. And I think it won\'t until the test fixes in Cindy\'s branch are merged
2018-08-28T12:14:24 <georgitodorov> I have been testing with an older version of gpii-windows and some slight code modifications on our end so that I can obtain a test coverage report
2018-08-28T12:14:32 <Bosmon> georgitodorov ah ok, I see
2018-08-28T12:17:00 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-08-28T12:24:39 * jhung joined the channel
2018-08-28T12:32:48 * michelled has quit
2018-08-28T13:01:05 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-28T13:05:19 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-08-28T13:07:40 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-28T13:17:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello.. so i\'m continuing on my quest to move our dependencies to NPM... I\'m looking at jQuery at the moment. So i\'m having a problem with upgrading to the latest jQuery. The issue is that a couple of the tooltip tests now fail.
2018-08-28T13:18:24 <Justin_o> From what I can tell it\'s related to a change in how the timing of effects works. In the tooltip tests we set the duration and delay to be 0. If I\'m understanding this change correctly, https://github.com/jquery/jquery/commit/6d43dc42337089f5fb52b715981c12993f490920 even a duration/delay of 0 will now be asynchronous.
2018-08-28T13:19:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cool, that\'s interesting
2018-08-28T13:19:06 <Bosmon> Thanks for digging into it
2018-08-28T13:19:17 <Bosmon> And I\'m assuming that these are old-fashioned, synchronous tests?
2018-08-28T13:19:45 <Justin_o> What\'s worse, if I\'m reading the jQuery UI code correctly, the close event is triggered immediately and not after the effect has completed. https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui/blob/1.12.1/ui/widgets/tooltip.js#L427 which seems to visually be the case when I\'m testing things out in the pager demo too.
2018-08-28T13:20:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, although I did try to add a listener for the afterClose event, but have the same problem due to the above
2018-08-28T13:25:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-28T13:25:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: looks like the callback for the hide is used to called _removeToolTip https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui/blob/1.12.1/ui/widgets/tooltip.js#L406-L408
2018-08-28T13:27:02 <Justin_o> which just removes it, but doesn\'t seem to provide any event bindings. https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui/blob/1.12.1/ui/widgets/tooltip.js#L454-L457
2018-08-28T13:31:26 * jhung has quit
2018-08-28T13:34:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so i can get the tests to pass if i add in a setTimeout of 0 that occurs in-between call to close and the test for the results
2018-08-28T13:35:31 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, that will do : P
2018-08-28T13:35:41 <Bosmon> Do the demo implementation still appear to work correctly?
2018-08-28T13:35:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, they still look like they are working
2018-08-28T13:36:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok cool
2018-08-28T13:36:17 <Justin_o> Although I don\'t know if we have a demo i can easily test with related to the failing test which is for https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5673
2018-08-28T13:36:56 <Bosmon> Justin_o - right, that\'s fine - just so long as there isn\'t any obvious visible breakage
2018-08-28T13:37:12 <Bosmon> Out of interest, is it easy to check whether the setTimeout of 0 is also compatible with the old jQuery?
2018-08-28T13:37:38 <Justin_o> uh.. yes.. i guess i can roll back to jQuery 3.1.0 and run the tests
2018-08-28T13:39:13 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-08-28T13:39:17 * Guest63 joined the channel
2018-08-28T13:42:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, i rolled back to jQuery 3.1.0 and the demo and tests still look good
2018-08-28T13:43:27 <Bosmon> Justin_o - oh, fantastic
2018-08-28T13:43:39 <Bosmon> Thanks so much for digging into that issue so quickly :)
2018-08-28T13:43:49 <Bosmon> I always dread rummaging into the tooltip code
2018-08-28T13:44:19 * jhung joined the channel
2018-08-28T13:46:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) no problem, and thanks for talking it through with me
2018-08-28T13:48:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: oh i have another jQuery UI question for you. I haven\'t tackled pulling it in from NPM yet, but I did look at its package quickly. It doesn\'t look like they provide any concatenated versions of their code.. we could pull in all the files we use, individually and just concatenate them ourselves, however, it will mean that we will have a lot more files linked into the demos.
2018-08-28T13:48:37 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-08-28T13:49:06 <Justin_o> also they supply a single CSS file, but it works by using imports to pull in the other files.. we could use this, but it will make it slightly less performant than the concatenated CSS file we use now
2018-08-28T13:49:13 <Justin_o> any thoughts on those?
2018-08-28T13:49:38 * clown joined the channel
2018-08-28T13:49:51 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that is a shame, so they don\'t provide a functionality in their npm package that is similar to the "roll your own build" on their site?
2018-08-28T13:50:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  i don\'t think so
2018-08-28T13:50:50 <jhung> fluid-everyone: design crit will start in 10 minutes. Today might be a short meeting, and we will be talking about the text-to-speech interaction on UI Options Plus.
2018-08-28T13:51:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-28T13:51:21 * sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2018-08-28T13:51:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: well i just found this https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=jQuery-ui-dist but not sure it\'s maintained by jQuery UI
2018-08-28T13:52:06 <Bosmon> Yeah I just ran into that too
2018-08-28T13:52:59 <Bosmon> On the other hand, it doesn\'t seem any older than the actual last release
2018-08-28T13:53:16 <Bosmon> Amazing, more than 2 years since the last release of jQuery UI
2018-08-28T13:53:27 <Bosmon> I guess reports of its death aren\'t exaggerated
2018-08-28T13:53:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes.. it\'s sad.. i looked at their repo.. last commit was over a year ago
2018-08-28T13:54:00 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-08-28T13:54:20 <Bosmon> There\'s this answer: https://stackoverflow.com/a/42465244
2018-08-28T13:55:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what do you think? i can just pull in all the individual files one by one
2018-08-28T13:56:50 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, it\'s not a great resolution for our users
2018-08-28T13:56:59 <Bosmon> People are pretty aggressive about minimising load times these days
2018-08-28T13:57:00 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-28T13:57:10 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2018-08-28T13:59:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we\'d still concatenate the JS files, the CSS would be another issue though
2018-08-28T13:59:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-28T14:00:22 <Justin_o> i suppose we could also look into concatenating that too, but that will be something new for us
2018-08-28T14:00:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2018-08-28T14:00:39 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-28T14:03:17 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: demo from the design crit https://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/demos/orator/
2018-08-28T14:13:09 <Justin_o> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28Floe%29+UI+Options+Design+Walkthrough%2C+C.1
2018-08-28T14:14:23 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-08-28T14:17:12 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-08-28T14:17:54 * yuriy has quit
2018-08-28T14:18:48 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-28T14:19:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-28T14:38:14 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-28T14:38:14 * cindyli has quit
2018-08-28T14:44:16 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-28T14:50:13 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-28T15:03:40 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will be at 11:15
2018-08-28T15:04:31 <gmoss> michelled alanharnum: shall we aim to do a storytelling planning session immediately after?
2018-08-28T15:04:50 <michelled> yes!
2018-08-28T15:07:16 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-28T15:07:49 * clown_mtg has quit
2018-08-28T15:13:35 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning is starting soon
2018-08-28T15:15:09 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-28T15:16:48 * Jess_ joined the channel
2018-08-28T15:17:26 * clown joined the channel
2018-08-28T15:23:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-28T15:50:43 * clown has quit
2018-08-28T15:51:29 <gmoss> michelled: Here\'s the GSOC page with all of the project links listed: https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/6584170814373888/
2018-08-28T15:52:06 * Guest63 has quit
2018-08-28T15:58:31 * clown joined the channel
2018-08-28T16:06:04 * danayo has quit
2018-08-28T16:06:32 * michelled has quit
2018-08-28T16:16:05 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-28T16:28:23 <Justin_o> gtirloni: hello.. wondering what outstanding Infusion PRs you have that need someone to review
2018-08-28T16:31:09 <gtirloni> Justin_o, hi, i think this one is the most straightforward -- https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/907
2018-08-28T16:31:48 * simonjb has quit
'

