b"2018-10-24T17:31:33 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks, tomorrow should be okay
2018-10-24T17:31:44 <sepidehshahi> simonjb: is there anything that we can do to help you?
2018-10-24T17:32:33 <simonjb> I don't think so sepidehshahi, other than being available to check when the post is up
2018-10-24T17:33:01 <sepidehshahi> for sure simonjb
2018-10-24T17:40:39 <jhernandez> stegru: when you have a chance, can you take a look at this small one? https://github.com/GPII/gpii-wix-installer/pull/47
2018-10-24T17:41:57 <jhernandez> it's working here
2018-10-24T17:43:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon, jhernandez: what's the policy about merging version number and dependency changes.. e.g. https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/pull/23
2018-10-24T17:43:35 <Justin_o> do they require code review, or should i be merging those myself?
2018-10-24T17:44:15 <jhernandez> Justin_o: hey
2018-10-24T17:44:43 <jhernandez> in universal, when we perform an update of infusion we tend to pass it through CI before merging
2018-10-24T17:45:03 <jhernandez> but since we don't have such thing in place for gpii-chrome-extension
2018-10-24T17:45:47 <jhernandez> I'd say that, as long as tests are passing for you ... you can just go ahead and merge it
2018-10-24T17:46:02 * danayo joined the channel
2018-10-24T17:46:23 <Justin_o> jhernandez: okay thanks, and it would be good to have CI setup for it at some point
2018-10-24T17:46:32 <jhernandez> hm
2018-10-24T17:46:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-10-24T17:46:46 <jhernandez> I guess it's a matter of having time for it
2018-10-24T17:47:16 <Justin_o> yah, i doubt anyone has any time right now, with the pilots coming up.. maybe afterwards it would be something to look into
2018-10-24T17:47:16 <jhernandez> when I worked on it, that was part of my plan, but since there wasn't critical ... here we are
2018-10-24T17:47:29 <Justin_o> :) that's how it always goes
2018-10-24T17:47:46 <jhernandez> yeah, I would even know how to make it possible
2018-10-24T17:48:37 <Justin_o> i left a note to look at it sometime in the future, hopefully i'll get there one day ;)
2018-10-24T17:48:52 <jhernandez> I remember myself thinking about how to enable the unpacked extension into chrome
2018-10-24T17:49:27 <jhernandez> but can't remember exactly what was the best approach
2018-10-24T17:49:27 <Justin_o> there is a npm test task now, it only does the node and browser side testing
2018-10-24T17:49:33 <Justin_o> it doesn't try to install into a browser though
2018-10-24T17:49:58 <jhernandez> well, yeah, we can run those tests
2018-10-24T17:50:14 <jhernandez> no matter whether it's installed or not
2018-10-24T17:50:43 <Justin_o> yep, not sure how to do the programmatic install though..
2018-10-24T17:50:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-10-24T17:51:05 <Justin_o> i guess the morphic installer also only works with versions from the chrome web store..
2018-10-24T17:51:06 <jhernandez> can't remember well now
2018-10-24T17:51:44 <Justin_o> okay.. well no worries for the time being.. we can cycle back to it later.. thanks
2018-10-24T17:53:03 <jhernandez> but yeah, I guess that installing it as unpacked would make sense if we consider adding tests against a real chrome browser with the installed extension
2018-10-24T17:54:09 <jhernandez> in any case, Justin_o, setting up a Vagrantfile that runs the stuff shouldn't be that difficult
2018-10-24T17:54:57 <jhernandez> with a linux box that builds and run the tests should be enough
2018-10-24T17:55:08 <Justin_o> Hmm.. i wonder how you would test against the installed version though
2018-10-24T17:55:41 <jhernandez> I remember that some people was using some kind of automation for this
2018-10-24T17:55:54 <jhernandez> sorry, UI Automation
2018-10-24T17:56:05 <jhernandez> but can't remember at what level
2018-10-24T17:56:16 <Justin_o> jhernandez: yes, that would make sense.. i'm not sure if we have settled on a tool for that yet, but it would be good to explore \\
2018-10-24T18:08:18 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-10-24T18:19:56 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today's community meeting we'll be hosting a project show and tell
2018-10-24T18:22:47 * clown joined the channel
2018-10-24T18:31:55 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-10-24T18:35:29 <jhung> John Travoltage
2018-10-24T18:35:30 <jhung> https://phet.colorado.edu/sims/html/john-travoltage/latest/john-travoltage_en.html
2018-10-24T18:35:30 <jhung> Faraday's Law - Keyboard Accessible
2018-10-24T18:35:30 <jhung> https://phet-dev.colorado.edu/html/faradays-law/1.4.0-dev.54/phet/faradays-law_en_phet.html&accessibilityhttps://phet-dev.colorado.edu/html/faradays-law/1.4.0-dev.54/phet/faradays-law_en_phet.html?accessibility
2018-10-24T18:35:30 <jhung> Faraday's Law - Keyboard Accessible and Sonified
2018-10-24T18:35:31 <jhung> https://phet-dev.colorado.edu/html/phet-io-wrapper-sonification/1.0.0-dev.78/phet-io-wrapper-sonification/faradays-law/html/faradays-law-sonification.html?accessibility
2018-10-24T18:35:32 <jhung> Faraday's Law - Accessibility View (No sonification)
2018-10-24T18:35:32 <jhung> https://phet-dev.colorado.edu/html/faradays-law/1.4.0-dev.54/phet/faradays-law_a11y_view.html
2018-10-24T18:38:21 <jhung> Safari doesn't play the sonification. Try FF or Chrome
2018-10-24T18:38:38 <jhung> Here's a fixed links (second one was broken):
2018-10-24T18:38:39 <jhung> John Travoltage
2018-10-24T18:38:40 <jhung> https://phet.colorado.edu/sims/html/john-travoltage/latest/john-travoltage_en.html
2018-10-24T18:38:40 <jhung> Faraday's Law - Keyboard Accessible
2018-10-24T18:38:40 <jhung> https://phet-dev.colorado.edu/html/faradays-law/1.4.0-dev.54/phet/faradays-law_en_phet.html?accessibility
2018-10-24T18:38:40 <jhung> Faraday's Law - Keyboard Accessible and Sonified
2018-10-24T18:38:41 <jhung> https://phet-dev.colorado.edu/html/phet-io-wrapper-sonification/1.0.0-dev.78/phet-io-wrapper-sonification/faradays-law/html/faradays-law-sonification.html?accessibility
2018-10-24T18:38:42 <jhung> Faraday's Law - Accessibility View (No sonification)
2018-10-24T18:38:42 <jhung> https://phet-dev.colorado.edu/html/faradays-law/1.4.0-dev.54/phet/faradays-law_a11y_view.html
2018-10-24T18:39:30 * danayo__ joined the channel
2018-10-24T18:39:35 * simonjb_ joined the channel
2018-10-24T18:40:29 * avtar1 joined the channel
2018-10-24T18:48:29 * scott_gonzalez_ joined the channel
2018-10-24T18:48:51 * danayo has quit
2018-10-24T18:48:51 * avtar has quit
2018-10-24T18:48:51 * simonjb has quit
2018-10-24T18:48:51 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2018-10-24T18:48:58 * danayo_ is now known as danayo
2018-10-24T18:48:59 * danayo is now known as 5EXAACU28
2018-10-24T18:48:59 * danayo__ is now known as 17SAATGWQ
2018-10-24T18:53:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-10-24T19:59:54 * jhernandez has quit
2018-10-24T20:23:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-10-24T20:39:40 * jhung has quit
2018-10-24T20:42:22 * clown joined the channel
2018-10-24T20:54:33 * clown has quit
2018-10-24T21:47:39 * avtar has quit
2018-10-24T22:04:21 * danayo joined the channel
2018-10-24T22:07:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
"

b'2018-10-24T02:03:26 * danayo joined the channel
2018-10-24T02:20:57 * jhernandez has quit
2018-10-24T02:35:03 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-10-24T06:32:03 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2018-10-24T06:34:47 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2018-10-24T07:38:12 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-10-24T07:44:18 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-10-24T07:45:38 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-10-24T07:46:24 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-10-24T08:00:17 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-10-24T08:10:06 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-10-24T08:24:17 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-10-24T08:25:33 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-10-24T10:39:28 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-10-24T10:43:21 * jhernandez has quit
2018-10-24T10:43:39 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-10-24T11:12:28 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-10-24T11:29:37 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-10-24T11:42:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-10-24T11:54:07 <javjarfer[m]> Good afternoon everyone, just wanted to thankBosmon (IRC) for marking the PRs I have pending, much simpler to go for them today
2018-10-24T12:00:42 <javjarfer[m]> Also, does anyone knows about this fail? https://ci.gpii.net/job/universal-node-tests/1198/consoleFull looks like some invalid input was received by getDeviceContext
2018-10-24T12:11:21 <the-t-in-rtf> I think it would take less time to run the tests than to view that log, and that\'s saying something.
2018-10-24T12:12:20 <the-t-in-rtf> maybe the timestamp of the failure would help?
2018-10-24T12:21:26 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-10-24T12:25:09 <jhernandez> javjarfer[m]: I\'m curious, what\'s the point of this -> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/697/files#diff-d4fa0ed8b70dc12cbace28204a90ed3cR116 ?
2018-10-24T12:25:38 <jhernandez> I mean, the point of setting a value to be "null"
2018-10-24T12:25:43 <jhernandez> \xc2\xbf?
2018-10-24T12:26:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-10-24T12:26:33 * jhung joined the channel
2018-10-24T12:27:01 <the-t-in-rtf> spanish is the coolest
2018-10-24T12:27:08 <the-t-in-rtf> you have like niinja star punctuation
2018-10-24T12:27:29 <the-t-in-rtf> the question mark is spinning as it heads to the end of the line, and then THUNK
2018-10-24T12:28:33 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, that does look sketchy.
2018-10-24T12:29:08 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, you shouldn\'t need anything to pick up the defaults.
2018-10-24T12:29:20 <the-t-in-rtf> and if null means anything other than the default that\'s also sketchy.
2018-10-24T12:30:12 <jhernandez> yeah, that\'s why I was asking
2018-10-24T12:33:29 <javjarfer[m]> <freenode_jhe "javjarfer: I\'m curious, what\'s t"> because null means that feature is not supported in that system
2018-10-24T12:33:44 <javjarfer[m]> And being a VM, brightness feature will never be supported
2018-10-24T12:36:15 <jhernandez> then ... if it\'s not supported ... shouldn\'t it be reported as "not installed"?
2018-10-24T12:39:21 <jhernandez> instead of saying "alwaysInstalled", why not creating a native function on windows that returns whether such setting is supported and that can be called from the "deviceReporter" block of the solutions registrry?
2018-10-24T12:39:28 <jhernandez> javjarfer[m]: ^
2018-10-24T12:40:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-10-24T12:43:47 <javjarfer[m]> that\'s a nice review for the pull jhernandez (IRC) , thing is that, the detection for the existence of the setting is based on a query to WMI, so, each new setting should receive a new particular payload to query WMI, in order to know if the setting is installed, so, or either we want to include that information in the "isInstalled" block from the SR, or create a new function for each new supported setting from the
2018-10-24T12:43:47 <javjarfer[m]> WMI
2018-10-24T12:44:34 <javjarfer[m]> I didn\'t took a choice, so for now, what happens is that a warning log is produced if you attempt to set a setting in a system that doesn\'t support it
2018-10-24T12:45:12 <jhernandez> well, you can create a single-point-of-access device reporter function to handle all these settings\' availability
2018-10-24T12:46:45 <jhernandez> the function could be named gpii.windows.checkWMISetting and can receive an argument, indicating the setting(s) you want to check
2018-10-24T12:46:57 <jhernandez> and, in the solutions registry you would have something like
2018-10-24T12:47:22 <javjarfer[m]> so you think the best option is to create a function in the deviceReporter that use WMISettingsHandler, and include the information in the SR
2018-10-24T12:49:00 <jhernandez> https://paste.gnome.org/pm6p8bf3n
2018-10-24T12:50:49 <jhernandez> I think so, to me, it doesn\'t make sense to run a settings handler action over a setting that is not supported by the system. Specially, given that we can do something to check whether such setting is supported or not
2018-10-24T12:50:58 <javjarfer[m]> Well... the query should be the same as for getting the information of the setting, if no, we will need to have a map, "setting -> query" in the deviceReporter
2018-10-24T12:51:08 <jhernandez> but hey, that\'s my opinion
2018-10-24T12:51:40 <javjarfer[m]> <freenode_jhe "but hey, that\'s my opinion"> I agree with you
2018-10-24T12:51:47 <jhernandez> you can set up whatever you need in the windows side and keep the things simpler in the SR
2018-10-24T12:52:43 <javjarfer[m]> okay, so you prefer to have the actual query hidden in the deviceReporter side?
2018-10-24T12:53:24 <jhernandez> yup, I expect the SR to be as much human friendly as we can
2018-10-24T12:53:31 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: \xc2\xbfright?
2018-10-24T12:53:34 <jhernandez> :)
2018-10-24T12:55:08 <the-t-in-rtf> that sounds much better to me than overloading null to mean "unsupported"
2018-10-24T13:01:27 <javjarfer[m]> That\'s nice, so I will reshape it with that new approach
2018-10-24T13:03:17 <stegru> +1
2018-10-24T13:03:53 <javjarfer[m]> Also, does anyone knows about the error in the CI that I pasted?
2018-10-24T13:07:31 <stegru> no. does it always happen?
2018-10-24T13:07:37 <jhernandez> javjarfer[m]: don\'t have a clue atm, I would first run the tests locally and see if it\'s failing - if so, try to find the failing test and checking why
2018-10-24T13:15:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-10-24T13:24:50 <javjarfer[m]> yes jhernandez (IRC) , I executed the tests several times in local with no errors
2018-10-24T13:25:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-10-24T13:26:22 * javjarfer[m] sent a long message:  < https://matrix.org/_matrix/media/v1/download/matrix.org/FIgwsUtkNmjcowjEtxLOeauK >
2018-10-24T13:40:58 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-10-24T13:45:22 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-10-24T13:56:26 * clown joined the channel
2018-10-24T14:00:09 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-10-24T14:00:24 <jhernandez> javjarfer[m]: which one is it? shall I "ok to test" it?
2018-10-24T14:01:15 <jhernandez> stegru: FYI, found something about the flashing window when starting the gpii, https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3472
2018-10-24T14:02:02 <stegru> ok..
2018-10-24T14:02:51 <jhernandez> I need to include a small change in wix, build and install to see whether works or not
2018-10-24T14:03:27 <stegru> I agree with that, however I have a better idea of not showing the icon in the tray at all
2018-10-24T14:03:49 <stegru> let me collect my thoughts
2018-10-24T14:07:06 <stegru> no, it\'s not a good idea. nevermind - change the installer
2018-10-24T14:08:44 <stegru> I was thinking of making a small executable in C, that doesn\'t show a window. this reads a file containing the environment variables, then starts morphic-app.exe
2018-10-24T14:09:06 <stegru> basicly does what start.cmd does, but without the console window
2018-10-24T14:10:52 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-10-24T14:11:40 <javjarfer[m]> <freenode_jhe "javjarfer: which one is it? shal"> sure, I was going to do it
2018-10-24T14:12:06 <stegru> why can\'t we just have a file next to morphic-app.exe that contains some environment variables.. we read that on start-up and add them to process.env?
2018-10-24T14:12:20 <javjarfer[m]> It\'s this one https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/697
2018-10-24T14:13:19 <javjarfer[m]> <freenode_ste "why can\'t we just have a file ne"> if they are per-system environmental variables, sounds good
2018-10-24T14:13:55 <javjarfer[m]> it\'s a nice way to populate with globals that we are going to need
2018-10-24T14:19:06 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-10-24T14:20:24 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-10-24T14:23:47 <stegru> that\'s all that start.cmd is used for now
2018-10-24T14:24:37 <stegru> option #3: hack cmd.exe so it\'s a gui application ;)
2018-10-24T14:31:01 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-10-24T14:37:32 <clown> cindyli:  you beat me ("ok to test").
2018-10-24T14:39:13 <cindyli> :)
2018-10-24T14:45:21 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli - sorry not to reply to your message from yesterday
2018-10-24T14:49:51 <cindyli> it\'s ok, Bosmon, i found an easier alternative
2018-10-24T14:50:11 <cindyli> hopefully will send the pull request soon and you can have a look
2018-10-24T14:50:37 <Bosmon> cindyli - oh great
2018-10-24T14:51:06 <Bosmon> Ok, I was going to say that you wouldn\'t expect to use fluid.contextAware.makeChecks since the relevant contextual information was already expressed within the IoC structure
2018-10-24T14:52:35 <Bosmon> cindyli but I also wanted to ask you about this aspect of the in-progress dataLoader pull since I am a bit confused about it: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/692/files#r227177404
2018-10-24T14:54:51 <cindyli> Bosmon: about the option of "GPII_CLEAR_INDEX"? it\'s not useful for staging or production databases, but would be useful for developers who want to reloading the database from the scratch
2018-10-24T14:55:08 <Bosmon> cindyli - it\'s ok, I think I understand now, I\'m just adding a clarifying question
2018-10-24T14:55:15 <cindyli> o
2018-10-24T14:55:16 <cindyli> ok
2018-10-24T14:55:54 <cindyli> Bosmon: as to the alternative for "fluid.contextAware.makeChecks", i ended up using an custom addon grade:
2018-10-24T14:55:56 <cindyli> gradeNames: ["fluid.component", "{that}.cloudStatusGradeFinder"],
2018-10-24T14:56:17 <cindyli> you will see the full context soon. sending pull request
2018-10-24T14:57:27 <jhernandez> stegru: sorry, was afk
2018-10-24T14:59:15 <jhernandez> yes, it\'s a good alternative too, and it could be a good candidate for gpii-app\'s siteconfig.json fileside
2018-10-24T14:59:18 <stegru> it\'s ok
2018-10-24T14:59:36 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-10-24T15:00:24 <Bosmon> cindyli - could you just check my comment at https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/692/files#r227828229 to see if my understanding of the situation is right
2018-10-24T15:02:42 <jhernandez> I think that such variable can be even distributed from within gpii-app to the universal side via config file, but I\'m not sure how it\'s done. Also, I\'m not sure what will happen if we set the variable in the both sides (via distribution and via env variable)
2018-10-24T15:02:45 <jhernandez> stegru: ^
2018-10-24T15:02:46 <cindyli> sure
2018-10-24T15:03:06 <jhernandez> for now I\'ll just try that "Run" thing in the wix side
2018-10-24T15:03:49 <stegru> I agree with your concern
2018-10-24T15:04:58 <cindyli> Bosmon: the comment looks good to me
2018-10-24T15:05:38 <Bosmon> Thanks, cindyli
2018-10-24T15:08:11 <Bosmon> javjarfer[m] - a stack trace would help for the issue you pasted earlier
2018-10-24T15:08:20 <Bosmon> Although I have a suspicion where the failure is
2018-10-24T15:10:51 <Bosmon> I imagine it is here: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/lifecycleManager/src/UserLogonStateChange.js#L150
2018-10-24T15:12:21 * avtar joined the channel
2018-10-24T15:22:06 <javjarfer[m]> <freenode_Bos "javjarfer - a stack trace would "> thanks, sadly I can reproduce it in local, so I can\'t provide the stack trace
2018-10-24T15:22:49 <javjarfer[m]> <freenode_Bos "I imagine it is here: https://gi"> that\'s seems like a very accurate guess
2018-10-24T15:23:49 <cindyli> Bosmon: can you take a look at my pull request that adds readiness and liveness endpoints: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/699
2018-10-24T15:23:59 <javjarfer[m]> is there any condition in which device data can be undefined, because I think that could be the true source of the error, deviceReporterDataSource.get() should never be undefined
2018-10-24T15:24:18 <cindyli> Bosmon: shall i work on https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3435 as the next priority?
2018-10-24T15:24:32 <cindyli> let me know if there are other things that are more urgent
2018-10-24T15:26:39 <stegru> <freenode_jav "is there any condition in which "> hi
2018-10-24T15:31:51 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-10-24T15:34:14 <javjarfer[m]> <freenode_ste "<freenode_jav "is there any cond"> hi
2018-10-24T15:37:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-10-24T15:38:37 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes, I think 3435 is next
2018-10-24T15:38:52 <Bosmon> And then perhaps 3434
2018-10-24T15:39:08 <cindyli> ok
2018-10-24T16:23:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-10-24T16:23:54 * alanharnum has quit
2018-10-24T16:48:55 <Justin_o> jhung: do you have time to do a quick code review. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/942
2018-10-24T16:52:26 <jhung> added comment Justin_o
2018-10-24T17:06:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-10-24T17:11:31 * alanharnum has quit
2018-10-24T17:16:22 <Justin_o> @jhung I\'ve update the PR, ready for another look
2018-10-24T17:17:56 <jhung> merged Justin_o
2018-10-24T17:18:20 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2018-10-24T17:29:17 <Justin_o> simonjb: hello... from the architecture meeting today, it sounded like I\'ll need to have a new release of UIO+ with the contrast changes published early next week. Do you think you will have time to look at the related Infusion PR this week? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/938
2018-10-24T17:30:05 <simonjb> sepidehshahi ^
2018-10-24T17:30:58 <simonjb> Justin_o, sepidehshahi: I\'m working on getting the last co-design synthesis report onto the website. I should have that done today or tomorrow morning
2018-10-24T17:31:20 <simonjb> I can look at the PR tomorrow
'

