b'2018-09-25T00:54:29 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2018-09-25T01:15:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-25T01:43:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-25T01:43:35 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-25T03:37:44 * fluid-bot` joined the channel
2018-09-25T04:56:46 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-25T08:19:26 * Bosmon3 joined the channel
2018-09-25T09:11:45 * fluid-bot joined the channel
2018-09-25T09:17:33 * Bosmon3 has quit
2018-09-25T09:19:52 <the-t-in-rtf1> Is anyone else having trouble with issues.gpii.net?
2018-09-25T09:20:57 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s very very slow and I can\'t get it to create issues.
2018-09-25T09:21:07 <the-t-in-rtf> i..e the AJAX request for that just churns.
2018-09-25T09:32:58 <the-t-in-rtf> opening the create page in a new tab also doesn\'t work.
2018-09-25T09:33:11 <the-t-in-rtf> anyone around with access to look at that?
2018-09-25T09:38:10 <the-t-in-rtf> The dashboard is now struggling even moreso than before.
2018-09-25T09:42:28 <the-t-in-rtf> finallly came back.
2018-09-25T10:15:55 <the-t-in-rtf> JIRA is still just hanging on, very very slow.
2018-09-25T10:16:20 <the-t-in-rtf> oops, AJAX timeouts now.
2018-09-25T10:22:08 <the-t-in-rtf> searches bomb out halfway, thankfully I was able to limp along and do the few small things I needed.
2018-09-25T10:22:19 <the-t-in-rtf> Hope someone with the right boots comes along to kick it.
2018-09-25T10:22:34 <the-t-in-rtf> woo, issue view timing out now.
2018-09-25T10:22:42 <the-t-in-rtf> but only seemingly intermittently.
2018-09-25T11:31:10 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: hey
2018-09-25T11:31:17 <jhernandez> yesterday night I experienced the sae
2018-09-25T11:31:22 <jhernandez> *same
2018-09-25T11:31:32 <jhernandez> it was nearly impossible to work with it
2018-09-25T11:43:04 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-25T11:46:22 <dandimitrov> Hey, Bosmon, just to check whether you\xe2\x80\x99ve had the chance of looking over the comment I\xe2\x80\x99ve included in the GPII-2969 PR - https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/46#issuecomment-420939641 :?
2018-09-25T11:48:24 * Bosmon3 joined the channel
2018-09-25T11:49:50 * Bosmon4 joined the channel
2018-09-25T11:51:29 <Bosmon4> Hi there dandimitrov - yes, do go ahead and merge in the GPII-2969 pull into the rest
2018-09-25T11:51:47 <Bosmon4> I don\'t know if you had seen that there were new builds of universal and gpii-windows published over the weekend
2018-09-25T11:52:18 <Bosmon4> In theory they should resolve our integration issues with gpii-app but when jhernandez tried to merge them all straightforwardly
2018-09-25T11:52:28 <Bosmon4> there were still some test failures
2018-09-25T11:52:39 <Bosmon4> Perhaps you could take a look and try to produce an integrated build?
2018-09-25T11:52:58 * Bosmon3 has quit
2018-09-25T11:53:07 <Bosmon4> They include cindyli\'s work on "applying new preferences from QSS" and improved noUser support, etc.
2018-09-25T11:57:20 <Bosmon4> I see that cindy sent a long summary email last night ...
2018-09-25T12:00:13 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-25T12:15:30 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-25T12:30:04 <dandimitrov> Bosmon4, ok I\xe2\x80\x99ll do so. I saw that Javi had already given it an initial round of testing
2018-09-25T12:32:15 <dandimitrov> Bosmon4, also another thing I wanted to ask about, what approach should we use for making the gpii-app aware of a language change? I remembered there was some work on that topic so we could use that - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/606/files . On the other hand, for the time being we could use the value of the language setting in the QSS as it should always be up to date.
2018-09-25T12:34:46 * fluid-bot joined the channel
2018-09-25T12:43:00 * Bosmon3 joined the channel
2018-09-25T12:45:24 * Bosmon3 has quit
2018-09-25T12:45:41 * Bosmon3 joined the channel
2018-09-25T12:46:40 * Bosmon4 has quit
2018-09-25T12:49:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:04:07 <stegru> jhernandez, do you think we should move the installer\'s HST branch into master?
2018-09-25T13:09:41 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:10:49 <alanharnum> fluid-everyone: the network issues at OCAD seem to be impacting the IDRC\'s servers significantly, with everything either very slow or timing out
2018-09-25T13:11:20 <Justin_o> alanharnum: the internet is finally starting to pick up at the office now
2018-09-25T13:12:10 <alanharnum> i\'m heading into the office now to see if I can get better connect times to the servers from within OCAD\'s network
2018-09-25T13:12:27 * jhung joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:12:43 <alanharnum> hopefully ITS resolves this relatively quickly, looks like there was a full outage (unreachable public sites) from about 4:45AM to 8:2AM
2018-09-25T13:13:34 <stegru> and off he goes, with his cape flapping in the wind
2018-09-25T13:13:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:22:04 <jhernandez> stegru: absolutely, let\'s do the switch when we\'re ready to build an installer that points to the production cluster - deal?
2018-09-25T13:22:18 <stegru> yes
2018-09-25T13:22:39 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:24:00 <jhernandez> Bosmon: FYI, I created this pr (https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/pull/41) against dandimitrov\'s branch and asked stegru to review
2018-09-25T13:26:34 <jhernandez> stegru: do you think that we should also consider removing the HST tools (that folder in the desktop with inventory scripts) if we also have the time for it?
2018-09-25T13:27:51 <stegru> yes jhernandez - are they required for the pilots? does anyone use them? I don\'t think so.
2018-09-25T13:27:55 <jhernandez> (or relocate them out of the desktop, in Program Files/GPII folder or the like)
2018-09-25T13:28:07 <stegru> yes moving them would be best
2018-09-25T13:28:36 <stegru> and don\'t you mean Program Files/Morphic ;)
2018-09-25T13:28:39 <jhernandez> okay, I\'ll ask UX
2018-09-25T13:28:41 <jhernandez> heh
2018-09-25T13:28:48 <jhernandez> yes, right, Morphic
2018-09-25T13:28:50 <jhernandez> !!!!
2018-09-25T13:32:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:35:39 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:37:55 <jhernandez> stegru: oh, thanks for merging, will update gpii-app\'s side right away
2018-09-25T13:38:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:41:28 * avtar joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:41:50 * Bosmon4 joined the channel
2018-09-25T13:44:18 * Bosmon3 has quit
2018-09-25T13:50:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello, when do you think you\'ll have time to review/merge https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/pull/14
2018-09-25T13:51:51 <jhung> fluid-everyone: design crit will be starting in 10 minutes. Today we will be continuing our discussion on DEEP planning and presentations.
2018-09-25T13:52:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m realizing that now that Infusion has been updated for with the fix for FLUID-6257. That  it is required for the rest of my future PRs that will need updates to Infusion. For example the upcoming GPII-3319 PR for word space.
2018-09-25T13:53:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the alternative would be for me to roll the GPII-2914 PR into my other Pulls. What do you think?
2018-09-25T13:53:12 <jhernandez> Bosmon: I left some comments on https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/606 - I know that your plate is already full with stuff, do you want me (or any other) to provide an updated version of that pr?
2018-09-25T13:53:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T14:00:16 * jhung1 joined the channel
2018-09-25T14:05:23 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-25T14:08:35 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-25T14:16:20 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-25T14:28:13 * Bosmon4 has quit
2018-09-25T14:41:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T14:46:56 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-09-25T15:44:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-25T15:56:34 <cindyli> gmoss: does https://github.com/BlueSlug/fluid-couch-config still have the latest work for the couch config work?
2018-09-25T15:58:59 <gmoss> cindyli: that\'s correct, my master branch is the latest work
2018-09-25T15:59:09 <gmoss> I think alan\'s fork is also up to date
2018-09-25T16:00:33 <cindyli> ok. thanks
2018-09-25T16:06:07 * jhung joined the channel
2018-09-25T16:07:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T16:22:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T16:32:21 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-25T16:43:46 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-25T17:27:28 * avtar joined the channel
2018-09-25T17:34:24 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-25T17:41:59 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-09-25T17:42:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T17:50:53 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-25T17:52:23 * jhung joined the channel
2018-09-25T17:53:46 * avtar1 joined the channel
2018-09-25T18:20:13 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-25T18:45:16 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-25T18:45:25 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-25T19:43:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T19:43:57 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-09-25T19:54:49 <alanharnum> important news: the A11Y Cats shirt is back on bonfire: https://www.bonfire.com/accessibility-cats/
2018-09-25T19:59:45 <alanharnum> michelled in particular, I think I showed this to you before ^
2018-09-25T20:00:02 <michelled> nice!
2018-09-25T20:09:57 <gmoss> Justin_o: if you have a moment, I have a question about one of your suggestions in review
2018-09-25T20:10:08 <Justin_o> sure, want me to come over
2018-09-25T20:10:22 <gmoss> if you don\'t mind!
2018-09-25T20:33:43 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-25T21:02:34 * clown has quit
2018-09-25T21:04:04 * alanharnum has quit
2018-09-25T21:04:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T21:08:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T21:13:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T21:14:36 * michelled1 joined the channel
2018-09-25T21:44:07 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-25T22:03:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-25T22:37:53 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-25T23:31:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

