b'2018-07-30T16:26:18 <michelled> the-t-in-rtf: I\'m happy with the regular workflow
2018-07-30T16:26:49 <the-t-in-rtf> cool, just remember JIRA works for you and not the other way around.
2018-07-30T16:26:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T16:26:57 <the-t-in-rtf> I will make that true.
2018-07-30T16:27:34 <the-t-in-rtf> Happy to research if there are gaps or pain points, just hit me up.
2018-07-30T16:27:50 <michelled> ha, ok will do
2018-07-30T16:29:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T16:33:21 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: does anyone know of a site that has an embedded youtube video. I need to test a the captions feature for uio+.
2018-07-30T16:34:17 <gmoss> Justin_o: https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_youtube.asp has some code sample pages that should make fiddling around with it simpler
2018-07-30T16:34:21 <clown_> Justin_o:  is this what you mean?  https://www.newsfromme.com/2018/07/29/todays-video-link-2733/
2018-07-30T16:36:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-30T16:40:33 <Justin_o> gmoss, clown_: thanks.. i\'m looking for an embedded video "in the wild" that also supports captions.. but this gives me an idea to look at a news site
2018-07-30T16:41:17 <gmoss> Justin_o: if you use one of the examples linked on the page I sent, you can find any video that has captions and add it instead of whatever is offered by default by the sample
2018-07-30T16:41:24 <gmoss> news sites should work too, of course
2018-07-30T16:41:34 <Justin_o> gmoss: cool thanks
2018-07-30T16:56:31 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-30T16:58:03 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-07-30T16:58:35 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-30T17:00:28 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-07-30T17:01:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T17:03:36 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-30T17:04:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T17:10:25 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-30T17:28:24 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-30T17:29:03 <jhernandez_> cindyli: hey, one question, is there an easy way to see the user inside the db?
2018-07-30T17:29:16 <jhernandez_> *the users
2018-07-30T17:30:12 <jhernandez_> I mean, I can see what the script is supposed to have loaded into the .json file, but it happens that there is a user that I just included by hand and it\xc5\x9b not working
2018-07-30T17:31:44 <jhernandez_> FYI, I\'ve just copied a new user into testData/preferences, ran the convertPrefs script and went to reset-pouch, in order for my new pref set get loaded into the db
2018-07-30T17:32:16 <cindyli> jhernandez_: are you running the cloud locally using untrusted settings?
2018-07-30T17:32:23 <jhernandez_> yup
2018-07-30T17:32:36 <jhernandez_> untrusted.all.etc ..
2018-07-30T17:32:39 <jhernandez_> :)
2018-07-30T17:32:53 <jhernandez_> am I missing anything?
2018-07-30T17:33:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T17:33:25 <cindyli> open a browser to access http://127.0.0.1:8058/gpii/{userkey}
2018-07-30T17:34:26 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-30T17:34:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T17:34:54 <jhernandez_> okay, it says "missing"
2018-07-30T17:35:24 <jhernandez_> although it was included inside build/dbData/gpiiKeys.json
2018-07-30T17:35:26 <cindyli> ok, not loaded. open build/dbData/gpiiKeys.json to make sure keys are there
2018-07-30T17:35:31 <cindyli> ok
2018-07-30T17:36:31 <cindyli> jhernandez_: can you use the url to access another existing key such as "carla"
2018-07-30T17:36:32 <jhernandez_> any idea why this could happen?
2018-07-30T17:36:36 <jhernandez_> sure
2018-07-30T17:36:52 <jhernandez_> yeah, it worked
2018-07-30T17:37:08 <cindyli> ok. vidyo or gotomeeting to share your screen?
2018-07-30T17:37:14 <jhernandez_> mmm
2018-07-30T17:37:16 <jhernandez_> gotomeeting?
2018-07-30T17:37:29 <cindyli> which room or send me the link
2018-07-30T17:37:31 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-30T17:37:33 <jhernandez_> room3
2018-07-30T17:37:36 <cindyli> ok
2018-07-30T17:37:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T17:55:12 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-07-30T18:13:02 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-30T18:26:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-07-30T18:32:20 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-07-30T18:51:18 <gmoss> alanharnum michelled (and simonjb and colinclark whenever they rejoin):
2018-07-30T18:51:27 <gmoss> I\'m just stepping out for a cup of coffee, will try to be back for 3
2018-07-30T18:51:32 <gmoss> back soon either way :)
2018-07-30T19:04:55 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-30T19:05:24 <alanharnum> michelled gmoss: simonjb just arrived, I think we\'re still waiting on colinclark
2018-07-30T19:05:36 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-30T19:05:38 <alanharnum> i have a dentist appointment late afternoon so I do have a hard stop around 4:00
2018-07-30T19:07:10 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-30T19:07:12 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-30T19:08:11 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-30T19:11:44 <gmoss> alanharnum michelled simonjb: i\'ll open my room, in the meantime
2018-07-30T19:14:26 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-30T19:15:11 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-30T19:24:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-30T19:26:11 <alanharnum> gmoss simonjb colinclark michelled: I\'m good to meet if everyone else is, but as mentioned I\'ve got a 4:00 stop due to a dentist appointment - I wonder if we\'d be better to reschedule?
2018-07-30T19:26:31 <colinclark> oh shoot! I had a meeting run over and then had to commute
2018-07-30T19:26:33 <colinclark> sorry about this
2018-07-30T19:26:47 <alanharnum> no worries, it happens - i\'d usually be fine with just time-shifting but i gotta go have my teeth buzzed
2018-07-30T19:26:52 <michelled> I\'m not sure how much more we had to cover
2018-07-30T19:26:56 <alanharnum> as the exact medical terminology of dentistry goes
2018-07-30T19:26:59 <michelled> hahaha
2018-07-30T19:27:15 <gmoss> alanharnum simonjb colinclark michelled: perhaps it\'s worth just chatting briefly, since we\'ve set aside the time, and if we find there\'s more to cover we can reconvene
2018-07-30T19:27:22 <alanharnum> that works for me
2018-07-30T19:27:46 <simonjb> good for me also
2018-07-30T19:27:50 <alanharnum> it\'s been (or feels like for me at least) a long time since we met on this, so even if we have to meet later just getting a refresher on this is probably good ^^;
2018-07-30T19:28:01 <michelled> :0
2018-07-30T19:28:13 <michelled> I meant to smile, oh well
2018-07-30T19:28:17 <gmoss> \xc2\xaf\\_(\xe3\x83\x84)_/\xc2\xaf
2018-07-30T19:28:43 <michelled> alanharnum\'s room?
2018-07-30T19:28:48 <alanharnum> gmoss
2018-07-30T19:28:53 <alanharnum> has his room open
2018-07-30T19:28:58 <alanharnum> we are hanging out in it and not talking
2018-07-30T19:29:03 <gmoss> the best kind of party
2018-07-30T19:29:03 <alanharnum> just enjoyin\' each other\'s company
2018-07-30T19:29:27 <colinclark> wait
2018-07-30T19:29:31 <colinclark> but i\'m alone in alanharnum\'s room
2018-07-30T19:29:38 <colinclark> how could this be possible?
2018-07-30T20:00:19 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-30T20:00:46 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-30T20:17:20 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-30T21:00:23 * clown_ is now known as clown
2018-07-30T21:04:00 * kavya has quit
2018-07-30T21:12:08 * simonjb has quit
2018-07-30T22:25:33 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-30T23:01:41 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-30T23:12:26 * danayo has quit
'

b'2018-07-30T01:42:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-30T02:32:25 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-30T02:52:20 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-30T03:11:19 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-30T03:15:47 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-30T04:25:05 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-30T04:31:59 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-30T04:57:38 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-30T05:08:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-30T05:13:05 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-30T05:42:35 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-30T07:54:55 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-07-30T08:19:27 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-30T09:12:47 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-30T09:14:05 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-30T09:20:00 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-30T09:20:43 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-30T09:23:45 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-30T09:25:08 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-30T09:30:27 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-30T09:33:14 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-30T10:58:39 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-07-30T11:01:32 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-07-30T11:08:57 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-30T11:32:49 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-30T11:34:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T11:52:55 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-30T11:57:38 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-30T12:03:00 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, @gtirloni
2018-07-30T12:03:02 <the-t-in-rtf> just getting set up now
2018-07-30T12:03:05 <gtirloni> the-t-in-rtf: hi, ok!
2018-07-30T12:03:13 <the-t-in-rtf> let\'s meet in my vidyo room
2018-07-30T12:03:46 <the-t-in-rtf> Do I need to update the hostnames for vidyo now as well?
2018-07-30T12:03:52 <the-t-in-rtf> it\'s taking a while to start up.
2018-07-30T12:04:50 <gtirloni> no, it should be the usual.. i\'m logged in
2018-07-30T12:05:25 <the-t-in-rtf> churning.
2018-07-30T12:06:07 <the-t-in-rtf> ah, there we go.
2018-07-30T12:13:39 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-30T12:51:04 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-07-30T12:51:29 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-30T12:51:33 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-30T12:53:57 * yuriy has quit
2018-07-30T12:56:38 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-30T12:58:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-30T12:59:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-30T13:03:05 <Justin_o> colinclark, jhernandez_:  what is the flat.json5 used for https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/ontologies/flat.json5
2018-07-30T13:03:48 <jhernandez_> Justin_o: hey
2018-07-30T13:04:02 <Justin_o> i\'m asking because i\'m trying to setup the on boarding for the captions. Reading through the iso 24751 spec it would seem that captions are sourced as adaptationPreferences, however i now see that there was a captions entry in the flat.json5 file
2018-07-30T13:04:11 <Justin_o> wondering how i should go about setting up my onboarding
2018-07-30T13:04:35 <jhernandez_> it\'s the metadata used for representing the settings on the user interfaces such as the PSP
2018-07-30T13:05:09 <Justin_o> also i might be misreading the spec.. see sections 7.1.4.1.2, 6.4 and 6.4.1
2018-07-30T13:05:24 <jhernandez_> I guess that if there\'s already a "captions" setting then you can use it
2018-07-30T13:05:48 <Justin_o> jhernandez_: but that captions setting isn\'t in https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/ontologies/mappings/ISO24751-flat.json5
2018-07-30T13:06:04 <Justin_o> does that matter
2018-07-30T13:10:10 <jhernandez_> it should be there, yes
2018-07-30T13:10:51 <jhernandez_> probably it got in when I first added a bunch of metadata and we didn\'t realize that it wasn\'t there
2018-07-30T13:11:07 * Bosmon joined the channel
2018-07-30T13:11:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-30T13:11:55 <Justin_o> jhernandez_: i\'m not sure how it should be in the ISO24751-flat.json5 file though because there doesn\'t seem to be a direct mapping to anything. If I\'m reading the spec correctly it looks like it will come from an array of adaptationPreferences objects
2018-07-30T13:12:21 <Bosmon> Hi there, Justin_o, jhernandez_
2018-07-30T13:12:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2018-07-30T13:12:55 <Bosmon> The 24751 ontology is largely disused in the core, except for some esoteric matchmaking algorithms
2018-07-30T13:13:19 <Bosmon> The way to onboard stuff is to add an entry in flat.json5 for any terms that you want to introduce
2018-07-30T13:13:35 <Justin_o> ah.. so i\'ve been putting stuff in the wrong file :(
2018-07-30T13:13:46 <Justin_o> should i not bother to add anything to the iso file?
2018-07-30T13:14:22 <Bosmon> Or if your terms don\'t seem to correspond to anything outside your application, you can soldier on with the existing "supportedSettings" approach in the solutions registry - but currently this means that your settings will not be editable using our current tools (with the exception of sgithens PPT)
2018-07-30T13:14:28 <Bosmon> You can ignore the iso file
2018-07-30T13:14:29 <Justin_o> and additionally if it doesn\'t already exist in the flat.json file so i get to decide the value space?
2018-07-30T13:14:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2018-07-30T13:15:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, that should make things much simpler
2018-07-30T13:16:06 <Bosmon> Justin_o - awesome
2018-07-30T13:17:35 <jhernandez_> Justin_o, sorry, on a call, but I see that Bosmon already answered your questions
2018-07-30T13:18:48 <Justin_o> jhernandez_: yes thanks
2018-07-30T13:24:35 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-07-30T13:59:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: for the flat.json5 what should i do for the enum value.. for example for highlight colour.. in theory it could be any colour.. although we support only a few in UIO+
2018-07-30T14:02:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - for now you should just list the values you actually support
2018-07-30T14:02:21 <Justin_o> okay thanks
2018-07-30T14:02:36 <Bosmon> We\'ll be working on subtleties such as this kind of "shared value space" with our upcoming solutions registry work with sgithens and the-t-in-rtf
2018-07-30T14:02:49 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-07-30T14:03:14 * cindyli has quit
2018-07-30T14:03:15 <Bosmon> There\'s a similar kind of issue with "languages"
2018-07-30T14:03:43 <Bosmon> Different installed applications or builtins may support different subranges of the same term
2018-07-30T14:03:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, that make sense
2018-07-30T14:03:54 <Bosmon> And it\'s not entirely clear what to do about this situation even at the UX level
2018-07-30T14:03:55 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-07-30T14:04:52 <Justin_o> hmm.. because you don\'t really want to show all possible language
2018-07-30T14:04:56 <Justin_o> languages
2018-07-30T14:05:03 <Bosmon> Well, quite
2018-07-30T14:05:07 <Bosmon> There are quite a lot of choices
2018-07-30T14:05:27 <Bosmon> You could show only the set of language supported by all installed solutions, or show all languages supported by any solution
2018-07-30T14:06:00 <Bosmon> In some ways our "scoped common term" approach that we adopted as a result of our incompletely implemented matchmaker might end up to be a bonus
2018-07-30T14:06:30 <Bosmon> Btw never use the phrase "common term" when speaking to Gregg
2018-07-30T14:06:42 <Bosmon> I believe the currently blessed terminology, as far as there is one, is "generic term"
2018-07-30T14:06:52 <Justin_o> oh okay.. i didn\'t know that
2018-07-30T14:06:56 <Justin_o> thanks for the heads up
2018-07-30T14:07:14 <Bosmon> In general, never speak about any of these issues since they will only cause confusion :)
2018-07-30T14:07:29 <Bosmon> It\'s best to just wait for choices to emerge at the UX level and then think about how to support them technically
2018-07-30T14:09:35 <Justin_o> that seems practical.. i\'m afraid i\'ll slip up on that at some point.. but i\'ll try to keep this in the forefront to save myself some trouble
2018-07-30T14:10:19 <Bosmon> It would be safest for you to account for what you have just done as having "onboarded UIO+ into the solutions registry"
2018-07-30T14:11:04 <Bosmon> Which is, in essence, morally true
2018-07-30T14:11:34 <Justin_o> yes, it\'s factual.. that\'s the purpose of why I\'m adding those parts anyways
2018-07-30T14:19:34 * simonjb has quit
2018-07-30T14:33:12 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-07-30T14:35:28 * cindyli1 has quit
2018-07-30T14:35:44 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-30T14:35:52 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-30T14:36:34 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-07-30T14:37:44 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-30T14:42:34 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-30T14:46:56 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-30T14:55:57 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-30T14:59:30 <dandimitrov> Hey, Bosmon, regarding the user errors - the KeyInFail user error seem not to be fired. It could be fired here, probably - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/gpii-oauth2/gpii-oauth2-authz-server/src/AuthorizationService.js#L82 ?
2018-07-30T14:59:52 * clown has quit
2018-07-30T15:00:16 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:00:40 * clown is now known as Guest18307
2018-07-30T15:04:07 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:08:01 * clown_ joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:11:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:17:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:27:02 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:31:08 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-30T15:32:59 <mrtyler> cindyli: good morning, couple hopefully quick questions
2018-07-30T15:33:29 <mrtyler> 1. please confirm that preferences server will stop being publicly available at some point in the near future. if so, do you know when we plan to do that? (before the august release?)
2018-07-30T15:34:21 <mrtyler> 2. is there any useful, non-authenticated test of flowmanager? i\'m asking because i\'d like to set up a monitor for flowmanager, but route53 health checks (the monitor i\'m looking at) doesn\'t allow me to POST login data as we do in the smoke test for flowmanager in gpii-infra
2018-07-30T15:34:53 <mrtyler> cc sgithens for #1 (and #2 if you happen to know about this :))
2018-07-30T15:41:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: my PRs for Infusion related to UIO+ https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/915 and https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/914 are ready for more review.
2018-07-30T15:45:06 <cindyli> mrtyler: for 1, off the top of my head, sgithens\' PPT dev is the only work that might need the production prefs server. sgithens is on vacation this week. you should double check with him when he\'s back
2018-07-30T15:47:29 <cindyli> for 2, flow manager now only provides 3 endpoints. 2 of them requires pre-requested access tokens. the third one is the only endpoint that\'s relatively easy to test - /access_token itself, the one we use in the smoke test for flowmanager in gpii-infra ;)
2018-07-30T15:49:30 * mrtyler_ joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:50:09 <mrtyler_> but /access_token requires a POST with credentials to be a meaningful test. is that right?
2018-07-30T15:50:31 <cindyli> yes
2018-07-30T15:51:43 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-30T15:51:43 <mrtyler_> 2a. is it possible to use a GET instead of a POST? (i understand this increases the opportunity to leak credentials)
2018-07-30T15:52:14 <mrtyler_> 2b. is it possible to have some kind of credentials we could use for smoke testing, but which would not be useful for gaining unauthorized access to flowmanager / the system?
2018-07-30T15:52:17 <cindyli> no, mrtyler_ for security reason as per OAuth spec
2018-07-30T15:53:55 <Justin_o> michelled: I think reusing JIRA workflows makes sense. We\'d probably want to have just a few if possible to make managing them easier
2018-07-30T15:54:18 <michelled> cool, I thought so too
2018-07-30T15:54:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:54:42 <Justin_o> I don\'t know if the-t-in-rtf would have different thoughts though.. there may be good reasons to just clone for each project.
2018-07-30T15:54:46 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:55:03 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-30T15:57:14 <cindyli> mrtyler_: 2b might be feasible
2018-07-30T15:57:43 * gtirloni has quit
2018-07-30T15:57:45 <mrtyler_> cindyli: ok thx. 2b doesn\'t help me if i can\'t do 2a, though that\'s good to know :)
2018-07-30T16:15:35 <the-t-in-rtf> It takes much longer to talk through your requirements than it does for me to customise the workflow, and even that doesn\'t usually take long.
2018-07-30T16:17:07 <the-t-in-rtf> but it only makes sense to do the work if you have a project that doesn\'t fit our established workflow.
2018-07-30T16:18:57 <the-t-in-rtf> or perhaps there\'s a case to be made for changing the general workflow.
2018-07-30T16:19:33 <the-t-in-rtf> @michelled, I\'d suggest either writing up what you need or making a special guest appearance at an arch meeting to discuss.
2018-07-30T16:24:13 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-30T16:24:30 * mrtyler_ is now known as mrtyler
'

