b'2018-05-10T17:05:39 * amatas has quit
2018-05-10T17:06:34 * yuriy has quit
2018-05-10T17:07:29 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-10T17:13:20 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-05-10T17:18:06 * YehchanP joined the channel
2018-05-10T17:20:19 <sgithens> Bosmon: I\'m assuming the gpii is fine on the newest dev version of infusion that yuo mentioned during the communicty meeting yesterday?
2018-05-10T17:20:59 <sgithens> If I put the PPT on dev versions of infusion, gpii-express, and gpii-handlebars
2018-05-10T17:22:54 * rutvi joined the channel
2018-05-10T17:27:29 <Bosmon> sgithens - I\'ve not tried universal with the potentia II release
2018-05-10T17:27:57 <sgithens> i see
2018-05-10T17:28:34 * janardan joined the channel
2018-05-10T17:34:20 * danayo has quit
2018-05-10T17:34:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-05-10T17:47:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-05-10T17:54:02 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf: Does the latest dev gpii-express actually depend on potentia II infusion, or is it just updated so that it will work on the newer infusion, but doesn\'t require any of it\'s new features?
2018-05-10T17:57:34 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-10T17:58:52 <sgithens> cindyli: Will be there in like 5 mins
2018-05-10T17:59:07 <cindyli> sure
2018-05-10T17:59:48 <cindyli> Bosmon, colinclark, simonjb, the-t-in-rtf: ready to meet? see u in my vidyo room
2018-05-10T18:28:08 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-10T19:06:49 * amatas has quit
2018-05-10T19:07:51 <mrtyler> cindyli: natarajaya is sergey!
2018-05-10T19:07:58 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-10T19:08:05 <mrtyler> sergey would like to tell you about your ssl "default backend 404" problem from yesterday :)
2018-05-10T19:12:23 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-05-10T19:12:58 <natarajaya> Hello cindyli!
2018-05-10T19:13:58 <cindyli> hi natarajaya
2018-05-10T19:14:38 <cindyli> welcome to irc :)
2018-05-10T19:15:48 <natarajaya> Haven\'t used IRC for 5 years or something
2018-05-10T19:16:02 <natarajaya> So about what happened to you dev cluster yesterday
2018-05-10T19:16:14 <natarajaya> It is directly related to:
2018-05-10T19:16:29 <natarajaya> https://letsencrypt.status.io/
2018-05-10T19:17:01 <natarajaya> Letsencrypt staging issuer is down since yesterdays morning
2018-05-10T19:17:25 <cindyli> ah ha
2018-05-10T19:17:45 <cindyli> is it back up already or still down, natarajaya?
2018-05-10T19:18:28 <natarajaya> So ingress controller failed to obtain certificates and had to fail back to plain HTTP
2018-05-10T19:19:10 <cindyli> ok
2018-05-10T19:19:17 <natarajaya> cindyli: it works for me now
2018-05-10T19:19:23 <natarajaya> # curl -k https://preferences.dev-cindyli.gpii.net/preferences/carla
2018-05-10T19:19:23 <natarajaya> {"contexts":{"gpii-default":{"name":"Default preferences","preferences":{"http://registry.gpii.net/applications/com.texthelp.readWriteGold":{"ApplicationSettings.AppBar.Width.$t":788,"ApplicationSettings.AppBar.ShowText.$t":true,"ApplicationSettings.AppBar.optToolbarShowText.$t":true,"ApplicationSettings.AppBar.LargeIcons.$t":true,"ApplicationSettings.AppBar.optToolbarLargeIcons.$t":true,"ApplicationSettings.Speech.optSAPI5Speed.$t":
2018-05-10T19:19:24 <natarajaya> 50,"ApplicationSettings.Speech.optAutoUseScreenReading.$t":false},"http://registry.gpii.net/applications/org.gnome.desktop.a11y.magnifier":{"show-cross-hairs":true,"lens-mode":false,"mag-factor":2,"mouse-tracking":"proportional","screen-position":"right-half","scroll-at-edges":true},"http://registry.gpii.net/applications/com.microsoft.windows.magnifier":{"Magnification":200,"ZoomIncrement":50,"Invert":0,"FollowMouse":1,"FollowFocus":
2018-05-10T19:19:24 <natarajaya> 1,"FollowCaret":1,"MagnificationMode":1},"http://registry.gpii.net/common/fontSize":24,"http://registry.gpii.net/common/foregroundColor":"white","http://registry.gpii.net/common/backgroundColor":"black","http://registry.gpii.net/common/fontFaceFontName":["Comic Sans"],"http://registry.gpii.net/common/fontFaceGenericFontFace":"sans serif","http://registry.gpii.net/common/magnification":2,"http://registry.gpii.net/common/tracking":["mo
2018-05-10T19:19:24 <natarajaya> use"],"http://registry.gpii.net/common/invertColours":true,"http://registry.gpii.net/common/adaptationPreference":[{"adaptationType":"caption","language":"en"},{}],"http://registry.gpii.net/common/tableOfContents":false}}},"name":"Carla"}
2018-05-10T19:20:15 <cindyli> cool. seems the preferences server is running
2018-05-10T19:22:39 <natarajaya> Yep
2018-05-10T19:22:46 <cindyli> natarajaya: what about the other issue caused by using the staging certificate with developers\' clusters?
2018-05-10T19:23:06 <natarajaya> We are still thinking on it with mrtyler
2018-05-10T19:23:18 <cindyli> great. thanks
2018-05-10T19:24:06 <natarajaya> One of the possible solutions is to introduce a flag (env variable) that you can set before running rake on your dev cluster to force it to obtain certs from LE prod account
2018-05-10T19:24:42 <natarajaya> Unfortunately this would be limited to 20 certs/week per domain
2018-05-10T19:25:20 <cindyli> natarajaya: then this may not be a good solution because 20 may not be enough
2018-05-10T19:25:45 <cindyli> well, does it mean that every time i run "rake" a new cert will be requested
2018-05-10T19:25:57 <natarajaya> mrtyler: GPII-2989 and random postfix to dev clusters may eliminate this limitation
2018-05-10T19:26:23 <natarajaya> cindyli: Cert is requested only when you spin up a new cluster
2018-05-10T19:26:31 <cindyli> ok, i see
2018-05-10T19:26:57 <mrtyler> hi i\'m back
2018-05-10T19:26:59 <cindyli> if i keep using dev-cindyli, only 1 certificate is needed, right
2018-05-10T19:27:40 <mrtyler> heh right, we were going to talk about the staging/prod cert issue today but i guess we ran out of time
2018-05-10T19:27:52 <natarajaya> Yep
2018-05-10T19:28:34 <mrtyler> natarajaya: oh interesting, it\'s 20 certs per week *per domain name*?
2018-05-10T19:28:45 <natarajaya> Yep
2018-05-10T19:28:54 <mrtyler> i.e. preferences.dev-tyler-abcd and preferences.dev-tyler-efgh each get 20/week?
2018-05-10T19:28:57 <mrtyler> ok cool
2018-05-10T19:29:01 <natarajaya> Yeah
2018-05-10T19:29:20 <mrtyler> that seems good, but we\'re some distance away from that setup being available for cindy
2018-05-10T19:29:34 <mrtyler> how can we unblock cindy today?
2018-05-10T19:29:51 <mrtyler> i think the "https in stg/prd, http everywhere else" might be the simplest/quickest solution
2018-05-10T19:30:08 <natarajaya> Not very secure though
2018-05-10T19:30:28 <natarajaya> We may as well introduce the flag
2018-05-10T19:30:51 <mrtyler> how does the flag improve the security situation?
2018-05-10T19:31:18 <natarajaya> HTTPS is enabled by default
2018-05-10T19:31:51 <cindyli> natarajaya: can i clarify again, if i run "rake destroy" then "rake" 20 times, i will use up 20 certificates for dev-cindyli.gpii.net?
2018-05-10T19:32:21 <cindyli> or it will be the same certificate for these 20 runs
2018-05-10T19:32:26 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-05-10T19:33:39 <cindyli> another issue i noticed is that, with the new certificate change in the master, i cannot just run "rake destroy; rake" only the first time, then use "rake undeploy; rake deploy_only"
2018-05-10T19:33:58 <cindyli> this error will be thrown - https://pastebin.com/S6TnrQZ6
2018-05-10T19:34:29 <cindyli> now i\'m running "rake destroy; rake" every time when a deployment step is changed
2018-05-10T19:34:39 * michelled1 joined the channel
2018-05-10T19:42:45 <mrtyler> cindyli: looks like the trouble there is this on line 476:
2018-05-10T19:42:46 <mrtyler> WARNING: Failed to install helm chart nginx-ingress. Run \'rake deploy_only\' to try again. Continuing.
2018-05-10T19:42:49 <mrtyler> natarajaya:
2018-05-10T19:42:56 <mrtyler> i agree that looks like a bug
2018-05-10T19:43:08 <mrtyler> more specifically:
2018-05-10T19:43:08 <mrtyler> Error: the server has asked for the client to provide credentials
2018-05-10T19:43:36 <mrtyler> i\'m heading out to lunch. hopefully you guys will figure everything out by the time i get back :p
2018-05-10T20:31:43 <natarajaya> cindyli: let me check whats going on
2018-05-10T20:33:34 <cindyli> thanks, natarajaya. soon i\'m heading offline for today. is it ok that we continue the talk tomorrow?
2018-05-10T20:34:52 <natarajaya> Sure
2018-05-10T20:36:47 <cindyli> thanks. see you tomorrow
2018-05-10T20:42:49 <natarajaya> See ya
2018-05-10T20:55:24 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-05-10T21:46:59 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-05-10T22:01:10 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-10T22:01:13 * michelled has quit
2018-05-10T22:01:26 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-10T22:04:00 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-10T22:05:19 * simonjb has quit
2018-05-10T22:13:27 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-10T22:15:04 * michelled has quit
2018-05-10T22:42:19 * natarajaya1 joined the channel
2018-05-10T22:47:33 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2018-05-10T22:49:48 * stegru has quit
2018-05-10T23:33:50 <sgithens> hmm
2018-05-10T23:34:02 <sgithens> do we have a scheduled downtown for Jira right now?
2018-05-10T23:34:34 <sgithens> gtirloni, I think it\'s having some issues
2018-05-10T23:34:55 <gtirloni> sgithens: i needed to restart it, it should be back in 1min. sorry about that
2018-05-10T23:35:10 <sgithens> gtirloni: Awesome!  Thanks! :)
2018-05-10T23:40:16 <gtirloni> sgithens: there you go!
2018-05-10T23:40:29 <sgithens> Awesome thanks!
2018-05-10T23:40:31 <sgithens> looks good
2018-05-10T23:41:07 <gtirloni> cool!
2018-05-10T23:44:51 <natarajaya1> thx!
2018-05-10T23:53:20 * simonjb joined the channel
'

b'2018-05-10T00:12:58 <mrtyler> cindyli: sergey wants to poke around your cluster
2018-05-10T00:13:06 <mrtyler> does that interfere with your plans?
2018-05-10T00:13:24 <cindyli> not at all. go for it
2018-05-10T00:13:58 <cindyli> in case he wants to poke into my branch too - https://github.com/cindyli/gpii-infra/tree/GPII-2630-temp
2018-05-10T00:14:12 <cindyli> this is the new one that has the latest master merged
2018-05-10T00:14:25 <mrtyler> cool, thx
2018-05-10T00:14:35 <mrtyler> i\'ve asked him to get an irc client so he can ask you himself next time :)
2018-05-10T00:14:46 <cindyli> great. thanks
2018-05-10T00:14:52 <mrtyler> however, cindyli are you interested in an invite to the RtF Slack?
2018-05-10T00:15:00 <cindyli> sure
2018-05-10T00:15:06 <mrtyler> let me figure out how to do that
2018-05-10T00:15:12 <cindyli> if it\'s allowed
2018-05-10T00:17:53 * cindyli has quit
2018-05-10T00:21:14 <mrtyler> i\'m not an admin in slack so i have to ask gregg either way :)
2018-05-10T01:58:58 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-10T02:24:40 * natarajaya joined the channel
2018-05-10T02:25:18 <natarajaya> Hello
2018-05-10T02:40:16 <mrtyler> hi sergey
2018-05-10T05:32:44 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2018-05-10T05:43:50 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-10T06:06:54 * amatas has quit
2018-05-10T06:08:08 * dandimitrov_ has quit
2018-05-10T07:34:21 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-10T07:45:26 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-05-10T07:53:02 * amatas has quit
2018-05-10T08:04:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-05-10T08:21:06 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-10T08:34:25 * amatas has quit
2018-05-10T08:36:26 * javjarfer[m] has quit
2018-05-10T08:36:33 * amatas[m] has quit
2018-05-10T08:46:06 * stegru joined the channel
2018-05-10T09:34:11 * amatas[m] joined the channel
2018-05-10T09:40:26 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-10T09:41:30 * amatas has quit
2018-05-10T09:43:21 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-10T09:47:55 * suranamudit[m] joined the channel
2018-05-10T09:47:55 * javjarfer[m] joined the channel
2018-05-10T09:49:43 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! We are in the process of reviewing the QSS specification and breaking it down into development tasks. We came across something interesting and wanted to share it with you and hear your thoughts on it.
2018-05-10T09:49:52 <georgitodorov> Currently, the PSP consists of a main BrowserWindow and when necessary, additional BrowserWindows are created (e.g. when a survey is launched, when an error message needs to be shown to the user, when displaying the about page). This necessitates coordination between the various windows and makes the whole application more complex.
2018-05-10T09:50:04 <georgitodorov> Following the same approach for the QSS will bring in even further complication in the application as the QSS consists of the strip itself, the tooltips for the buttons and the menu pop-ups. If we are to implement them as separate windows, this would mean that there will be a lot of IPC messages sent between the main and the renderer processes to facilitate communication between the different QSS components.
2018-05-10T09:50:16 <georgitodorov> That is why we were thinking of a new strategy - to create the QSS as a large transparent BrowserWindow which will house everything related to the QSS. For the most part, this window will be transparent. And here comes the issue - electron does not have a built-in functionality to enable the user to click through the transparent area in a transparent window: https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/docs/api/frameless-window.md#transpa
2018-05-10T09:50:16 <georgitodorov> rent-window
2018-05-10T09:50:26 <georgitodorov> However, there is a way to make a window ignore all mouse events. This combined with a forwarding of mouse move messages to the page in the BrowserWindow makes it possible to detect if the mouse is within the transparent area and send clicks to whatever is behind it in this case and on the other hand, to determine when the mouse is not in the transparent area and send click events to the application itself: https://github.com/electron/electro
2018-05-10T09:50:26 <georgitodorov> n/blob/master/docs/api/frameless-window.md#click-through-window
2018-05-10T09:50:36 <georgitodorov> We experimented a little with this approach and it is indeed working. So far we haven\xe2\x80\x99t discovered any unexpected behavior but will need some more time to check whether any problems will emerge. We were thinking of creating a research task in order to do this.
2018-05-10T09:50:46 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-05-10T09:50:48 <georgitodorov> This may slow down a little the QSS development. However, if the result of the research confirms that we can use this strategy, then the time for the development of other QSS tasks will be less compared to the approach with multiple BrowserWindows. Also, if the outcome is positive, we won\xe2\x80\x99t be dealing with any height/width adjustments (e.g. when the DPI changes) as they will happen automatically and will be confined to the renderer proces
2018-05-10T09:50:48 <georgitodorov> s only.
2018-05-10T09:50:48 <georgitodorov> 
2018-05-10T09:50:48 <georgitodorov> As this is a rather important technical decision, we wanted to run it by you first. Let us know what you think. Any further comments or suggestions will be greatly appreciated.
2018-05-10T09:51:26 <Bosmon> Hi there georgitodorov - thanks for this investigation, this is indeed a very interesting issue
2018-05-10T09:55:36 <Bosmon> I\'m wondering whether the approach will be effective if what is behind the window is not owned by the electron process at all
2018-05-10T09:56:24 <Bosmon> Also, it would be important to test the effectiveness of the approach together with the use of a screenreader to see if there are any oddities with respect to announcement of focused controls
2018-05-10T10:01:22 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: What issues do you see if what is behind the window is not owned by the electron process? I am not sure I understand what you mean by that.
2018-05-10T10:01:39 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - I wondered if the events can be forwarded effectively if we don\'t own the process
2018-05-10T10:02:28 <Bosmon> Also bear in mind that if we find we need to go with the IPC approach for some reason, there is the possibility of implementing https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2892 to reduce the burden of it
2018-05-10T10:02:36 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: So far we have determined that mouse events are forwarded correctly (basic events such as clicks, right clicks, drags)
2018-05-10T10:02:53 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-10T10:02:54 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - ok, sounds good
2018-05-10T10:03:02 <georgitodorov> Keyboard events though will always be sent to the focused window
2018-05-10T10:03:13 <Bosmon> Certainly the possibility of avoiding dpi change complications sounds good
2018-05-10T10:03:51 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - can you imagine a case where a screenreader user might become confused as a result of mismatch between the target of mouse events and keyboard events?
2018-05-10T10:04:53 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: When the user clicks on a transparent area of the BrowserWindow, the window will no longer be focused and thus will not receive any keyboard events
2018-05-10T10:18:34 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I just did some quick tests with the built-in screen reader for Windows. When the QSS window is focused and I hover through it on anything that can, for example, produce a tooltip, the tooltip will be read. The focus though remains in the QSS window. The situation will be the same in the case of multiple windows.
2018-05-10T10:19:33 <georgitodorov> Only after the user clicks through the transparent window or outside of it will the BrowserWindow lose the focus. Then the screenreader will announce what is visible on the newly focused application
2018-05-10T10:19:48 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - ok, it sounds workable
2018-05-10T10:20:21 <Bosmon> Do you think you could write up this conversation on a "Task" type JIRA with title like "Investigate approaches for transparency in QSS implementation" or so?
2018-05-10T10:20:56 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Yes, already have a draft of it on my PC. Will create a task shortly.
2018-05-10T10:21:04 <Bosmon> brilliant, thanks
2018-05-10T10:25:51 * amatas has quit
2018-05-10T10:26:53 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-10T10:32:57 * Bosmon joined the channel
2018-05-10T10:34:57 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Here is a link to the research ticket: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3001
2018-05-10T10:41:56 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-05-10T10:42:42 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-10T10:43:33 * amatas has quit
2018-05-10T10:43:34 * amatas_ is now known as amatas
2018-05-10T11:03:36 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-05-10T11:07:28 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-05-10T11:10:21 * yuriy has quit
2018-05-10T11:27:12 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-05-10T11:34:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-10T12:33:17 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-05-10T12:37:00 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-05-10T12:54:22 * jhung joined the channel
2018-05-10T12:56:57 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-05-10T12:59:57 * yuriy has quit
2018-05-10T13:05:29 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-10T13:17:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-10T13:21:28 * jessm joined the channel
2018-05-10T13:22:55 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-05-10T13:36:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-05-10T13:37:50 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-05-10T13:40:27 * avtar joined the channel
2018-05-10T13:47:42 * simonjb has quit
2018-05-10T13:51:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-05-10T13:57:27 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-10T14:19:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-10T14:20:28 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-10T14:21:43 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-05-10T14:22:02 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-10T14:23:55 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-05-10T14:57:23 * avtar has quit
2018-05-10T15:02:17 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-05-10T15:02:46 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-10T15:05:48 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-05-10T15:09:17 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-05-10T15:26:35 <cindyli> Bosmon: is there a special script or command used to publish gpii/universal to npmjs.com?
2018-05-10T15:26:41 <cindyli> or just "npm publish"?
2018-05-10T15:27:59 <cindyli> i\'m now having an issue with the published gpii-universal not having the auto generated gpiiKeys.json and prefsSafes.json, which are built by the npm postinstall step
2018-05-10T15:28:40 <cindyli> These files are required when both the flow manager and the prefs server running locally, such as what the windows does
2018-05-10T15:30:21 <cindyli> so i\'m thinking maybe we could add a prepublish step that will generate these files, which then can be published with gpii-universal package
2018-05-10T15:30:24 <cindyli> what do you think?
2018-05-10T15:41:25 * cindyli has quit
2018-05-10T15:45:09 * kavya joined the channel
2018-05-10T15:49:05 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-05-10T15:52:00 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-05-10T15:52:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-10T15:52:27 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-10T16:04:52 <Bosmon> cindyli - it sounds good
2018-05-10T16:04:58 <Bosmon> Currently we use Justin_o\'s "fluid-publish"
2018-05-10T16:05:01 <Bosmon> To publish dev releases
2018-05-10T16:05:44 <Justin_o> cindyli: you can get it from NPM https://www.npmjs.com/package/fluid-publish
2018-05-10T16:06:48 <cindyli> thanks, guys
2018-05-10T16:09:11 <cindyli> Bosmon, Justin_o, as you guys are more familiar with npm publish than me, what\'s the best way do you think i should test this workflow? shall i create my own npm account and test the prepublish by publishing to a test package such as "gpii-universal-2630", then point the windows repo to it?
2018-05-10T16:10:03 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-05-10T16:10:18 <Bosmon> cindyli - why would it be a different package?
2018-05-10T16:10:38 <Bosmon> You can just make a standard dev release from your branch
2018-05-10T16:10:44 <Bosmon> It will get labelled, as per Justin_o\'s recent improvements
2018-05-10T16:11:31 <Justin_o> cindyli: if you want to check what will be included in the package before actually publishing it, you can also use the --test flag which will just zip up the contents.
2018-05-10T16:12:02 <Justin_o> but if you want to test an actual published package, you should follow what Bosmon suggested
2018-05-10T16:12:21 <cindyli> Bosmon: do you mean because other ppl still use the gpii/windows which points to a different version, so it\'s safe as my branch version will only be used by me?
2018-05-10T16:12:34 <Bosmon> cindyli I mean that, among other things, yes : P
2018-05-10T16:12:41 <cindyli> Justin_o: thanks, i will do both
2018-05-10T16:12:49 <cindyli> ok
2018-05-10T16:15:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m looking at the docs for fluid.resolveRootSingle https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/Contexts.html#global-components-fluidresolveroot-and-fluidresolverootsingle it says A fresh instance that holds the same value of the option singleRootType displaces the previous one from global visibility (but does not destroy it)
2018-05-10T16:16:08 <Justin_o> Does that mean if someone else provides a new instance of it that is configured differently it may break other components that were already referring to it through the root?
2018-05-10T16:18:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it\'s certainly something to be used cautiously, yes
2018-05-10T16:18:15 * kavya has quit
2018-05-10T16:18:18 <Bosmon> It is a singleton with all that comes with that pattern
2018-05-10T16:20:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, thanks
2018-05-10T16:31:12 * avtar joined the channel
2018-05-10T16:34:26 * cindyli has quit
2018-05-10T16:48:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: can you refer to a resolveRootSingle component programmatically?
2018-05-10T16:49:04 <Justin_o> or is it only through IoC references?
2018-05-10T16:52:36 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-05-10T16:53:00 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-05-10T16:56:05 * gtirloni has quit
2018-05-10T16:56:36 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-05-10T16:57:02 * jeevan_ joined the channel
'

