b'2018-03-13T17:49:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:58:10 * shivam_vyas has quit
2018-03-13T18:01:48 * kvuser2_ has quit
2018-03-13T18:02:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T18:08:20 * Sunny0794 joined the channel
2018-03-13T18:25:27 * christinehu joined the channel
2018-03-13T18:30:14 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T18:30:31 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-13T18:31:44 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T18:32:33 * stegru has quit
2018-03-13T18:46:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon, the-t-in-rtf: i\'m good to go when you are ready too
2018-03-13T18:58:13 <Bosmon> OK I\'ll make up a Skype group...
2018-03-13T18:59:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:00:35 * Shubham898 joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:01:45 <Bosmon> Hey there Justin_o - Skype is showing you offline and the call dropped
2018-03-13T19:04:31 <Shubham898> hello I am shubham , a final year student . I am ineterested in the project idea - Inclusive Design Guide Digital-Print copy workflow prototypes. I want to contribute and learn more about implementation and print workflows. I  am looking for some pointers to get started and build my proposal.
2018-03-13T19:05:29 <the-t-in-rtf> If anyone else had to look up the pad for the meeting this evening, here it is: https://pad.gpii.net/p/i18n-meetings-6294n3p
2018-03-13T19:06:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:08:07 <Shubham898> Will implementing the prototypes include working in html, css , javascript? What exactly is print workflows?  Any one with some pointers will be highly helpful for me.
2018-03-13T19:08:28 <Shubham898> @ danayo @jhung
2018-03-13T19:09:59 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-13T19:12:08 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:13:04 <jhung> Shubham898: hi there. The workflow is a process or practices that help accomplish a task. In this case for the GSOC project, the workflow is to help synchronize changes between the web copy of the Design Guide (which exists as PDFs), and the website (guide.inclusivedesign.ca).
2018-03-13T19:14:47 <jhung> right now we do not have a good logical process of doing this.
2018-03-13T19:15:09 <jhung> So the project is to do research into some good practices and create some possible solutions or prototypes.
2018-03-13T19:15:32 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:17:07 <Shubham898> The implementation which we need to come up....should involve working with which languages...is it html, css, javascript? The aim of project only involves research on possible solution ?
2018-03-13T19:19:46 <jhung> Shubham898: There will be both - the research is important as it gives us an understanding of what is possible and what are good practices. The implementation would be a proof of concept to illustrate how a good solution would work in practice. Does that make sense?
2018-03-13T19:21:39 * YehchanP has quit
2018-03-13T19:22:02 <Shubham898> Yes ..that makes perject sense...Thanks.  Just one more question..While working on appropriate solution, what all resources should I consider to research correct solution ? And where I can learn more about print workflows ? Basically I want to take help from resources which would help to build proposal more accurately.
2018-03-13T19:22:09 <Shubham898> .....perfect
2018-03-13T19:28:37 <jhung> Shubham898: unfortunately I do not know of any solutions\xe2\x80\xa6 which is why this is a GSOC project. The project is to discover something that will help solve our problem with synchronizing print and web copies. This solution can be something new, or something put together based on what other companies / organizations are doing.
2018-03-13T19:30:50 <Shubham898> jhung...Thanks a lot for pointers.
2018-03-13T19:31:12 <jhung> no problem Shubham898.
2018-03-13T19:31:42 <christinehu> alanharnum hello! My name is Christine Hu and I submitted a draft proposal yesterday for the switch-accessible GSOC project. I just wanted to introduce myself, as I\'ve been hanging out mostly in the slack channel.
2018-03-13T19:33:00 <alanharnum> christinehu: hi Christine, nice to meet you! - thanks for your proposal, jessm and myself will be reviewing & giving feedback as we\'re able
2018-03-13T19:34:13 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-13T19:34:52 <christinehu> alanharnum wonderful, thank you so much! :) (I also apologize if you got that PM from me; I\'m a newbie to IRC and I didn\'t realize it was proper etiquette to ask for permission first)
2018-03-13T19:35:43 <alanharnum> christinehu: i\'ve been using IRC for about 20 years and I still feel like a newbie at it much of the time :)
2018-03-13T19:41:37 <christinehu> what a relief :p
2018-03-13T19:43:05 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-13T19:45:21 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:50:49 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T19:52:59 * christinehu has quit
2018-03-13T19:56:17 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-13T19:57:35 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T20:06:21 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-13T20:06:23 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-13T20:08:08 * michelled has quit
2018-03-13T20:13:24 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-13T20:16:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T20:31:28 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-13T20:31:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how do i know what the input range of a preference is?
2018-03-13T20:33:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: basically i setup the test data sets for the uioPlus with a characterSpace that defaults to 0. But when i actually implemented letter-spacing in the Infusion the interface starts at 1, and the enactor transforms with an offset of -1
2018-03-13T20:33:48 <Justin_o> should i just update the test data sets to have 1 as the base value?
2018-03-13T20:33:55 <Justin_o> or do i need to do something else as well?
2018-03-13T20:34:52 <Justin_o> alternatively i can leave it starting at zero and update the solutions registry to transform it to 1
2018-03-13T20:43:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:02:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:03:35 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:06:43 <danayo> Shubham898: did you see my comment and further info on this page? https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2018+with+the+Fluid+Project
2018-03-13T21:06:57 <danayo> Shubham898: if you have some ideas for this project please do go ahead and apply
2018-03-13T21:08:19 <danayo> Shubham898: sorry I just noticed your chat with jhung earlier as well
2018-03-13T21:11:18 <gmoss> ping colinclark
2018-03-13T21:11:56 <gmoss> I believe simonjb and avtar have finished editing their video, we\'re going to review it and prepare to upload it now
2018-03-13T21:12:15 <colinclark> fantastic
2018-03-13T21:13:40 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:14:11 <simonjb> colinclark: gmoss and I are about to upload the Nexus video
2018-03-13T21:14:20 <simonjb> what would be a good title?
2018-03-13T21:14:25 <colinclark> so i hear from gmoss :)
2018-03-13T21:14:40 <colinclark> that\'s a good question!
2018-03-13T21:14:41 <simonjb> Nexus Properity1All Year 4?
2018-03-13T21:14:47 <colinclark> Sure, why not?
2018-03-13T21:14:49 <simonjb> 4All
2018-03-13T21:14:56 <simonjb> cool
2018-03-13T21:15:18 <simonjb> it\'s pretty rough but hopefully good enough
2018-03-13T21:15:40 <simonjb> I\'ll let you know hen it\'s up and if you could have a look, that would be awesome
2018-03-13T21:16:28 <colinclark> i\'m sure it will be great
2018-03-13T21:16:35 <colinclark> and i\'ll definitely take a look
2018-03-13T21:24:33 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-13T21:25:13 <colinclark> gmoss: Can you relay to simonjb if he\'s still in the awesome that his video is perfect?
2018-03-13T21:25:17 <colinclark> looking great
2018-03-13T21:25:43 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:27:08 <gmoss> colinclark: message relayed! :]
2018-03-13T21:27:12 <gmoss> he is always in the awesome
2018-03-13T21:27:23 <colinclark> hahaha
2018-03-13T21:27:24 <colinclark> sorry
2018-03-13T21:27:27 <colinclark> freudian slip
2018-03-13T21:27:28 <colinclark> office
2018-03-13T21:27:28 <simonjb> colinclark: video is good?
2018-03-13T21:27:30 <colinclark> awesome
2018-03-13T21:27:34 <colinclark> simonjb: video is in the awesome
2018-03-13T21:27:36 <simonjb> cool
2018-03-13T21:27:41 <simonjb> I will do captions now
2018-03-13T21:27:45 <colinclark> great
2018-03-13T21:27:51 <colinclark> how\'s avtar doing with his, do you know?
2018-03-13T21:28:23 <simonjb> he very kindly took time out to help me
2018-03-13T21:29:10 <simonjb> he hopes to have it done by the end of the day
2018-03-13T21:29:22 <colinclark> that was indeed very nice of him
2018-03-13T21:29:46 <colinclark> it tough to be the office Jean-Luc Goddard
2018-03-13T21:30:06 <gmoss> colinclark: have you received an invitation to help administer the FluidProject youtube channel? if so, have you accepted it? and if so, would you be amenable to adding the description for this new video? :)
2018-03-13T21:30:06 <colinclark> always in demand for his creative and technical virtuosity
2018-03-13T21:30:15 <colinclark> I have indeed, gmoss
2018-03-13T21:30:20 <simonjb> yes, he is
2018-03-13T21:30:27 <colinclark> I had a minor midlife crisis when I received the email
2018-03-13T21:30:37 <gmoss> oh dear
2018-03-13T21:30:54 <colinclark> "Colin Clark
2018-03-13T21:30:57 <colinclark> You are now a manager"
2018-03-13T21:32:03 <gmoss> hahaha
2018-03-13T21:34:11 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-13T21:34:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:37:59 * kavya has quit
2018-03-13T21:42:04 * Sunny0794 has quit
2018-03-13T21:57:04 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T21:57:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T21:58:01 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-13T22:00:24 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T22:01:08 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T22:01:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T22:01:24 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T22:07:14 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-03-13T22:07:59 <Smirnoffq> Hello, is someone with good knowledge about GSOC online?
2018-03-13T22:12:20 <Smirnoffq> maybe instead of waiting for someone I will just ask question: if I send proposal draft will it be shared with whole community or just mentor to specific project?
2018-03-13T22:37:59 <simonjb> colinclark: I just submitted subtitles for the Nexus video
2018-03-13T22:38:37 <simonjb> I submitted them as Engish (Canada) which is what I think Gregor set the video language to
2018-03-13T22:38:48 <colinclark> awesome
2018-03-13T22:38:49 <colinclark> thanks, simonjb
2018-03-13T22:44:14 * Justin_o has quit
2018-03-13T22:52:50 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-03-13T22:52:51 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-13T23:13:21 * stegru has quit
2018-03-13T23:15:57 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-13T23:22:57 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-13T23:29:11 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T23:33:40 <simonjb> colinclark: I\'m going to sign off now, is there anything else I can help with before I go?
2018-03-13T23:33:45 <colinclark> hi
2018-03-13T23:33:49 <colinclark> no
2018-03-13T23:33:51 <colinclark> you\'ve done amazing work
2018-03-13T23:33:53 <colinclark> i really appreciate it
2018-03-13T23:34:15 <colinclark> i\'ve just written an email to everyone who will be at the review with all the stuff
2018-03-13T23:34:25 <simonjb> colinclark: that\'s great
2018-03-13T23:34:28 <colinclark> and now we can take a break and then start thinking about the new era!
2018-03-13T23:34:49 <simonjb> I\'ll be online in the morning if anything comes up
2018-03-13T23:35:33 <colinclark> i\'m sure it will be fine
2018-03-13T23:38:09 <colinclark> thanks again, simonjb
2018-03-13T23:39:19 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-13T23:41:09 * simonjb has quit
'

b'2018-03-13T00:55:54 * stegru has quit
2018-03-13T01:11:34 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-13T01:11:49 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-13T01:21:36 * avtar has quit
2018-03-13T01:28:40 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-13T01:40:08 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-13T02:21:06 * manjaroDeepin has quit
2018-03-13T02:32:46 * stegru has quit
2018-03-13T02:46:44 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-13T03:09:57 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-13T03:44:50 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-13T04:37:31 * qquuiinn joined the channel
2018-03-13T04:40:14 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2018-03-13T04:50:17 * qquuiinn joined the channel
2018-03-13T05:09:14 * agdhruv joined the channel
2018-03-13T05:10:47 * qquuiinn has quit
2018-03-13T05:12:17 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-13T05:13:14 * qquuiinn joined the channel
2018-03-13T05:16:13 * qquuiinn has quit
2018-03-13T05:33:44 * agdhruv has quit
2018-03-13T07:09:24 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T07:14:45 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-13T07:30:56 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-13T07:52:09 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-13T07:59:37 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-13T08:02:40 * rbhatia46 joined the channel
2018-03-13T08:05:03 * rbhatia46 has quit
2018-03-13T08:52:04 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-13T08:56:51 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-13T09:03:45 * amatas has quit
2018-03-13T09:04:37 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-13T09:14:08 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-13T09:17:43 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-13T09:28:00 * amatas has left the channel
2018-03-13T09:37:10 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-13T10:11:52 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-13T10:13:56 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-13T10:31:51 * amatas has quit
2018-03-13T10:36:39 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-13T11:01:44 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-13T11:20:22 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-13T11:24:59 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! Will you be available today for a quick call regarding the i18n of the PSP?
2018-03-13T11:30:54 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-13T11:35:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-13T11:44:05 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-13T11:47:14 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-13T11:51:51 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-13T11:55:24 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-13T12:31:32 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-13T12:32:13 * stegru has quit
2018-03-13T12:32:53 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-13T12:35:56 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-13T12:36:57 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-13T12:37:01 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-13T12:41:59 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-13T12:46:47 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:02:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:04:23 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - sure
2018-03-13T13:08:03 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Shall we meet in, let\'s say, half an hour?
2018-03-13T13:10:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:15:00 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - yes, that is good
2018-03-13T13:21:51 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-13T13:22:36 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:28:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:34:51 * jessm joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:37:00 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:38:33 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:47:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T13:51:38 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-13T13:53:58 <jhung> fluid-everyone: the design crit is starting in 8 minutes. Today we will be looking at an sip-and-puff "mouse" called LipSync.
2018-03-13T13:59:37 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T14:18:01 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-13T14:21:09 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-13T14:22:52 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-13T14:26:06 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-13T14:28:36 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-13T14:30:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T14:34:33 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T14:42:08 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-13T14:44:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:05:41 <stegru> hi clown
2018-03-13T15:06:34 <clown> hi stegru \xe2\x80\x94 in a meeting at the moment
2018-03-13T15:07:04 <stegru> ok
2018-03-13T15:08:37 <clown> stegru, I should be available in about 1.5 hours.
2018-03-13T15:09:00 <stegru> no problem, i\'m not desperate for you
2018-03-13T15:10:07 * jhung has quit
2018-03-13T15:10:07 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:10:47 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will be at 11:30 today
2018-03-13T15:11:32 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:12:27 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:15:52 * kvuser5 joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:27:13 <colinclark> sepidehshahi, danayo: I just wanted to say how great I think the learning differences Handbook entry is!
2018-03-13T15:27:16 <colinclark> It\'s going to be awesome
2018-03-13T15:28:05 <sepidehshahi> thanks a lot colinclark for reviewing the document and your edits!
2018-03-13T15:28:17 <colinclark> no problem\xe2\x80\x94I hope the comments were helpful
2018-03-13T15:28:35 <colinclark> there are a few interesting things to puzzle through
2018-03-13T15:28:35 <colinclark> but it\'s SO good
2018-03-13T15:29:22 <colinclark> I think the biggest thing is to move from description to "what we learned" in the section on fostering learners\' independence, where we talk about PhET
2018-03-13T15:29:28 <colinclark> it\'s really a perfect example for this concept
2018-03-13T15:29:54 * kvuser5 has quit
2018-03-13T15:30:05 <colinclark> but we may want to describe a bit more about how what we describe in PhET helps to foster independence, and then to pull out some things others\' can do in a similar way
2018-03-13T15:30:19 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will start soon
2018-03-13T15:30:58 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-13T15:31:43 <danayo> thanks colinclark
2018-03-13T15:32:55 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:32:59 * avtar joined the channel
2018-03-13T15:55:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:04:21 * clown has quit
2018-03-13T16:04:59 * jhung has quit
2018-03-13T16:05:19 * aditya_96 joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:07:12 * aditya_96 has quit
2018-03-13T16:09:20 <sepidehshahi> great points colinclark. we will make the changes
2018-03-13T16:09:41 <colinclark> let me know how i can help
2018-03-13T16:17:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:18:26 * kavya joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:19:31 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-13T16:22:00 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T16:22:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:45:33 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:46:58 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:48:33 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-13T16:48:36 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:52:52 * kvuser2_ joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:53:01 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:54:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:58:07 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T16:58:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T16:59:45 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:10:36 * alanharnum1 joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:15:07 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T17:15:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:17:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:19:39 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-13T17:21:07 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:25:43 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-13T17:27:10 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:32:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:33:49 * alanharnum1 has quit
2018-03-13T17:39:51 * shivam_vyas joined the channel
2018-03-13T17:44:44 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, @Bosmon and others.
2018-03-13T17:45:07 <the-t-in-rtf> I am amazingly available already, we don\'t necessarily have to wait until 20:00 CET to have the i18n meeting.
2018-03-13T17:45:47 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - one of the main aims of the timing was to be able to take in Githens in his morning appearance ....
2018-03-13T17:45:58 <the-t-in-rtf> How is noon morning?
2018-03-13T17:46:12 <Bosmon> Otherwise we wouldn\'t have chosen such an unseasonable time
2018-03-13T17:46:17 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I can still wait, but I know it\'ll be easier for the ASTEA folks.
2018-03-13T17:46:23 <Bosmon> Yes it will
2018-03-13T17:46:27 <Bosmon> In future we will meet earlier
2018-03-13T17:46:56 <Bosmon> Probably in his newly emerging 4.30 am slot : P
2018-03-13T17:47:04 <the-t-in-rtf> Right.
2018-03-13T17:47:18 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, if anyone sees Hens we can at least ask, it\'s already 10:45 there.
'

