b"2018-07-26T15:01:30 <gmoss> Tried to send messages
2018-07-26T15:01:55 <alanharnum> gmoss michelled: OK - we'll wait for you
2018-07-26T15:04:04 * jhernandez has quit
2018-07-26T15:04:18 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-07-26T15:08:06 <jhernandez> Bosmon: clown: FYI, no windows meeting today, we (JJ, stegru and I) just had a short call and I got the answers I was looking for
2018-07-26T15:08:43 <clown> congrats on getting answers jhernandez
2018-07-26T15:09:01 <clown> and thanks for the heads-up :-)
2018-07-26T15:09:44 <jhernandez> yes, getting answers can be tricky sometimes, it's just a matter of asking the question the right way :P
2018-07-26T15:09:57 <jhernandez> clown: avec plaisir :)
2018-07-26T15:15:17 <simonjb> michelled: I'm looking at moving the Inclusive Cities site over to Hugo this morning
2018-07-26T15:16:00 <simonjb> michelled: as far as you know jhung had good experience with it? and I know Alan likes it
2018-07-26T15:16:22 <simonjb> I've not used it before but seems like it should work well for us
2018-07-26T15:17:17 <michelled> yes jhung is excited about it and wanted us to use it
2018-07-26T15:19:34 <simonjb> cool, I'll move forward with it then
2018-07-26T15:19:50 <simonjb> I wanted to check to see if it's over preferred solution at the moment
2018-07-26T15:20:14 <simonjb> thanks michelled
2018-07-26T15:23:50 <kavya> jhernandez: Hi
2018-07-26T15:34:08 <jhernandez> kavya: reading this now, I assume you're happy after our chat on skype ?
2018-07-26T15:35:37 <kavya> yes..thanks again :)
2018-07-26T15:43:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T16:03:14 * jhernandez has quit
2018-07-26T16:37:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-26T16:38:41 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-07-26T16:40:13 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-26T16:44:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T16:48:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-26T16:53:35 * Hassany2 joined the channel
2018-07-26T17:02:09 <kavya> <kavya> jhernandez: Hi
2018-07-26T17:04:06 * Bosmon joined the channel
2018-07-26T17:05:03 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-07-26T17:08:45 * jhernandez has quit
2018-07-26T17:08:56 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-07-26T17:12:20 * jhernandez has quit
2018-07-26T17:12:31 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-07-26T17:30:59 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-26T18:04:06 * danayo has quit
2018-07-26T18:24:11 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-26T18:24:48 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-26T18:25:46 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf: You haven't stumbled across anything better than fauxton in your couch work have you?
2018-07-26T18:37:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T18:48:11 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-26T18:55:33 <michelled> better in what way sgithens?
2018-07-26T19:00:38 <sgithens> michelled: Well, at first glance it looks pretty awesome, but after a few days of minor use there are some issues.  For instance, when returning from records, it always pages back to the first page of results, even if you were several in, and it's not super easy to page through them.  On the some of the records in the table, you can't right click to open them in a new tab or anything, and you just lose yourself from the
2018-07-26T19:00:38 <sgithens> table.  You can't sort the headers on returned results.  There are just a lot of small things that I imagined would be more workable if someone had to use it on a regular basis.  I also realize that some of that stuff requires a little couch magic to make work... but it is the defacto couch UI
2018-07-26T19:02:01 * Hassany2 has quit
2018-07-26T19:03:45 <michelled> ah, I guess my use of it was *very* basic so I didn't hit those things
2018-07-26T19:06:33 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-26T19:16:29 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-26T19:17:50 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-26T19:29:54 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-26T19:43:29 <the-t-in-rtf> @sgithens, no, I use fauxton/futon
2018-07-26T19:51:18 * michelled has quit
2018-07-26T20:03:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-26T20:05:18 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-26T20:40:02 <alanharnum> gmoss michelled: sent an email to you both with link to a Google doc about ideal-day estimating & some JIRA experimentation, curious to hear thoughts when you have a chance
2018-07-26T20:40:55 <gmoss> alanharnum: great! I'll take a look in a moment, somewhat in the zone with tests
2018-07-26T20:41:03 <michelled> you doc looks good alanharnum
2018-07-26T20:41:04 <alanharnum> gmoss: OK, don't break flow!
2018-07-26T20:41:18 <michelled> what have you added the label to at this point? all the blockers?
2018-07-26T20:41:44 <alanharnum> michelled: all the blockers and all the relevant issues in FLUID that are connected (the UIO multilingual migration ones)
2018-07-26T20:41:55 <alanharnum> I can add the label to others from SJRK as well via bulk edit
2018-07-26T20:42:02 <alanharnum> I think 98% of those issues are Storytelling tool issues
2018-07-26T20:42:28 <michelled> no, I like that it's the blockers
2018-07-26T20:42:37 <michelled> it's our first release this way, right?
2018-07-26T20:42:51 <alanharnum> yup
2018-07-26T20:43:11 <michelled> I think maybe kettle-66 should also get that label
2018-07-26T20:43:28 <alanharnum> agreed
2018-07-26T20:43:56 <michelled> I think we weren't sure we could revise estimates in JIRA, is that right?
2018-07-26T20:44:08 <alanharnum> michelled: I gave myself the power to do so
2018-07-26T20:44:10 <michelled> I'm just wondering if we can replace our wiki table with this filter
2018-07-26T20:44:23 <alanharnum> yeah you can do a lot of customization of the filter
2018-07-26T20:44:31 <alanharnum> number of issues to display, search queries, etc
2018-07-26T20:45:57 <alanharnum> it would be a bit of work to get it set up correctly the way we want it, but then probably much less manual work to maintain if we can put all the information in JIRA and then pull it in
2018-07-26T20:47:32 <michelled> I don't find the work onerous right now but I'm certainly open to other ways of organizing our work
2018-07-26T20:53:30 <alanharnum> yeah, it's not onerous right now - it's not like there's dozens of us
2018-07-26T21:09:59 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-26T21:46:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T21:51:21 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-26T21:52:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T21:59:22 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-26T22:04:19 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-26T22:39:39 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-26T23:23:21 * kavya has quit
2018-07-26T23:57:24 * mrtyler has quit
"

b'2018-07-26T01:54:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-26T01:54:21 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-26T02:01:19 * gtirloni has quit
2018-07-26T02:09:22 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2018-07-26T02:25:17 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2018-07-26T02:26:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T04:59:01 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-26T05:38:27 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-26T06:27:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T07:54:54 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-07-26T08:18:03 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-26T08:46:19 <the-t-in-rtf> @bosmon, if you are around I could use further insight for the work on the solutions resolver.
2018-07-26T08:49:21 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - yes, I will be around soon
2018-07-26T08:49:27 <Bosmon> Just washing and brekfusting
2018-07-26T08:49:33 <Bosmon> Perhaps you have a question I can think about
2018-07-26T08:49:59 <the-t-in-rtf> well, I can see where I would create a new resolver, but not a path for "all solutions data" to be available to that resolver.
2018-07-26T08:51:03 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. it needs to know about all possible solutions in order to resolve ${{solution}.com.freedomscientific.jaws}
2018-07-26T08:52:40 <the-t-in-rtf> I am jumping back and forth between flow manager docs, config files, etc. trying to see when that full data set is available and how it could be exposed to the new resolver.
2018-07-26T08:52:52 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - as you recall, I directed you to the excerpt of the solutions registry which is made available in the lifecycleManager\'s session
2018-07-26T08:53:03 <Bosmon> This is probably everything that is economically available to you
2018-07-26T08:53:22 <Bosmon> Were you finding a need to supply access to anything more?
2018-07-26T08:53:44 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m just resuming work, so even a gentle reminder of the location of the excerpt would be good.
2018-07-26T08:54:55 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - here is our documentation about the format of the MatchMaker payloads
2018-07-26T08:54:57 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-payloads/blob/master/LocalMatchMaker.md#user-content-input-payload
2018-07-26T08:55:04 <Bosmon> If you find some inaccuracies, do report them
2018-07-26T08:55:45 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, you pointed me at that and said that last time.
2018-07-26T08:56:03 <the-t-in-rtf> I am having trouble identifying that payload within the context of the lifecycle manager\'s session.
2018-07-26T08:57:34 <the-t-in-rtf> actually, I think I just found the bit in the session manager that I need
2018-07-26T08:58:10 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - here is the point that it is applied to the session: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/lifecycleManager/src/LifecycleManager.js#L925
2018-07-26T08:58:43 <the-t-in-rtf> hilariously, I was just looking up exactly that and it\'s in my copy buffer
2018-07-26T08:59:14 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks, I think that\'s enough for now.
2018-07-26T08:59:18 <the-t-in-rtf> enjoy your breakfast.
2018-07-26T09:24:49 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-26T10:28:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T11:04:54 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-07-26T11:07:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-07-26T11:10:47 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-07-26T11:11:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you know if we need to run all the build steps on install of infusion for anything. https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6309
2018-07-26T11:12:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I don\'t recall any requirement for this, and that switching to prepublishOnly should be okay.
2018-07-26T11:23:52 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-26T11:31:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, I think it sounds good
2018-07-26T11:32:04 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf be right there
2018-07-26T11:36:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks.. i replied to Gio\'s e-mail thread on fluid-work today with my thoughts.
2018-07-26T11:41:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T11:44:20 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: I was going to write up a JIRA in GPII to add some notes about gpii-grunt-lint-all, but just noticed that the documentation for it says that there are default configs and you need to load the task before configuring. https://www.npmjs.com/package/gpii-grunt-lint-all
2018-07-26T11:44:35 <the-t-in-rtf> ah, glad you figured it out.
2018-07-26T11:44:49 <Justin_o> I hadn\'t noticed that yesterday and wonder if it was causing the issues I saw. I had been following this as an example https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/Gruntfile.js#L24
2018-07-26T11:44:54 <Justin_o> which loads it after
2018-07-26T11:50:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - aren\'t some of the npm install steps required in order to make some tests pass?
2018-07-26T11:50:26 <Bosmon> I seem to recall getting some failures if we hadn\'t generated some of the CSS
2018-07-26T11:50:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. yes that\'s true
2018-07-26T11:51:01 <Justin_o> and those won\'t be in the right spot for the tests with the distributions and i guess for the demos.
2018-07-26T11:51:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for recalling those, will you send a reply to the mailing list about that
2018-07-26T11:51:31 <Bosmon> I\'ll comment on the pull
2018-07-26T11:52:27 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: does gpii-grunt-lint-all depend on infusion. I tried testing things out again and cleared out my node_modules, now i\'m getting an error that says "json-eslint.js" and "lint-all.js" can\'t find module "infusion"
2018-07-26T11:52:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2018-07-26T11:52:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, it does depend on infusion
2018-07-26T11:53:05 * sgithens var gpiiexpr = fluid.queryIoCSelector(fluid.rootComponent, "gpii.devpmt")[0];
2018-07-26T11:53:08 <sgithens> var hmm = gpiiexpr.gpiiExpressUserApi.createNewUser(\'firstuser2\', \'f2@wow.org\', \'passwd\');
2018-07-26T11:54:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-26T11:54:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon, the-t-in-rtf: I don\'t see infusion in the package file so I\'m assuming it\'s supposed to be coming from one of it\'s dependencies? Or something has gone wrong on my machine.
2018-07-26T11:55:11 <Justin_o> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-grunt-lint-all/blob/master/package.json
2018-07-26T11:55:30 <Bosmon> Justin_o - remember that you can always use "npm ls infusion"
2018-07-26T11:55:42 <the-t-in-rtf> I think it inherits it rather than having it directly.
2018-07-26T11:55:43 <Bosmon> In this case the dependency is via gpii-grunt-mdjson-lint
2018-07-26T11:56:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: wow, i didn\'t know you could do that
2018-07-26T11:56:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how have you survived :)
2018-07-26T11:56:31 <Justin_o> with much difficulty
2018-07-26T11:56:51 <the-t-in-rtf> Seems liike it\'s a goof on my part: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-grunt-lint-all/blob/master/tasks/lint-all.js#L2
2018-07-26T11:56:54 <Justin_o> haha.. well i haven\'t run into to many issues, but this would definitely also help for those snyk and github warnings
2018-07-26T11:57:07 <the-t-in-rtf> I think it may fail depending on whether npm pulls infusion up to the top-level.
2018-07-26T11:59:08 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i\'m not sure why this worked for me yesterday, but maybe infusion just happened to be in my node_modules directory
2018-07-26T12:00:08 <Bosmon> infusion is listed as a standard dependency of gpii-grunt-mdjson-lint so npm should just do the right thing
2018-07-26T12:00:29 <Bosmon> Oh I see
2018-07-26T12:00:32 <the-t-in-rtf> I bet it just left it under gpii-grunt-mdjson-lint
2018-07-26T12:00:44 <Bosmon> gpii-grunt-lint-all depends on infusion surreptitiously
2018-07-26T12:01:02 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, I only got away with it because we\'ve only tested it with things that also depend on infusion
2018-07-26T12:09:49 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: did you want me to write up a JIRA about that?
2018-07-26T12:10:00 <the-t-in-rtf> That would be great, yes.
2018-07-26T12:10:11 <the-t-in-rtf> I would do it but I\'m in a meeting and then leaving for the day.
2018-07-26T12:10:17 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks in advance.
2018-07-26T12:28:50 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3233
2018-07-26T12:29:06 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks!
2018-07-26T12:29:09 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: np
2018-07-26T12:31:08 <cindyli> Bosmon: https://github.com/cindyli/universal/tree/GPII-3193
2018-07-26T12:32:59 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o, there\'s already a pull, will roll the fix into that hopefully in the next half hour.
2018-07-26T12:33:12 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'ll cut a dev release as soon as I finish running the tests.
2018-07-26T12:33:20 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: thanks, that\'d be great
2018-07-26T12:38:12 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o, it\'s 1.0.1-dev.20180726T123617Z.19bce0e
2018-07-26T12:38:23 <the-t-in-rtf> I linked the ticket you created to the associated pull.
2018-07-26T12:43:30 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-26T12:43:36 <dandimitrov> Hey Bosmon, I\'m trying to integrate the userErrors in the PSP. How do you suggest that we use the userErrors messages bundle (as we\'re receiving a key from it with the error\'s payload)?
2018-07-26T12:44:12 <dandimitrov> I suppose adding it to our mega bundle?
2018-07-26T12:45:51 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - I suggest that you just load it directly using a path like fluid.module.resolvePath("%gpii-user-errors/bundles/gpii-userErrors-messageBundle_en.json5") etc
2018-07-26T12:46:01 <Bosmon> Yes, you could also use this kind of scheme to compile it into your mega bundle
2018-07-26T12:46:23 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: here\'s a JIRA for updating the docs https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3234 and another about the "global" exclude/include https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3235
2018-07-26T12:47:04 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: will you be cutting a full release soon or should i just send a PR for fluid-publish using the dev release?
2018-07-26T12:47:59 <the-t-in-rtf> In general I think a PR with the dev release is a fine starting point.
2018-07-26T12:48:09 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: okay thanks
2018-07-26T12:48:36 <the-t-in-rtf> You might make a note of it in the description, i.e. ideally the first pull would be merged and a release cut before the second.
2018-07-26T12:51:51 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: Thanks, I\xe2\x80\x99ll go with the simple require
2018-07-26T12:55:27 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-26T13:04:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s a quick PR for fluid-publish that uses the dev release of gpii-grunt-lint-all that includes the fix for GPII-3233
2018-07-26T13:04:44 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/13
2018-07-26T13:12:56 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-26T13:31:10 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-26T13:31:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T13:37:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-26T13:49:24 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-26T13:56:55 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-26T14:04:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-26T14:08:54 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-07-26T14:09:50 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-26T14:10:58 <simonjb> alanharnum2: I\'d like to look at some tooling for the Inclusive Cities website -- is Hugo our currently preferred static site generator?
2018-07-26T14:11:09 * alanharnum2 is now known as alanharnum
2018-07-26T14:11:16 <simonjb> alanharnum ^
2018-07-26T14:11:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-26T14:19:35 <jhernandez> javjarfer[m], stegru will you be available in 10 mins ?
2018-07-26T14:19:44 <stegru> yes jhernandez
2018-07-26T14:19:58 <stegru> i\'m always available for you
2018-07-26T14:20:01 <jhernandez> Bosmon: ^
2018-07-26T14:20:04 <javjarfer[m]> With a recent coffee in my hand jhernandez
2018-07-26T14:20:11 <jhernandez> stegru: \\o/
2018-07-26T14:20:15 <jhernandez> xDD
2018-07-26T14:23:24 <stegru> oh i forgot to put my cup under my machine earlier today :(
2018-07-26T14:25:20 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-26T14:29:20 <javjarfer[m]> > <@freenode_stegru:matrix.org> oh i forgot to put my cup under my machine earlier today :(
2018-07-26T14:29:22 <javjarfer[m]> terrible
2018-07-26T14:30:42 <javjarfer[m]> stegru, jhernandez  is room 2?
2018-07-26T14:31:09 <jhernandez> room3, on my way
2018-07-26T14:31:17 <javjarfer[m]> okay
2018-07-26T14:31:21 <stegru> hold on, gregg has grabbed me
2018-07-26T14:32:22 <jhernandez> don\'t worry, also grabbed me a few minutes ago
2018-07-26T14:34:51 <jhernandez> stegru: jj and I already in room 3
2018-07-26T14:35:04 <jhernandez> will wait for you darling ;)
2018-07-26T14:39:53 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-26T14:40:53 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-07-26T14:45:28 <stegru> done
2018-07-26T14:50:16 <alanharnum> simonjb: sorry, slow reply - I\'m not sure where things stand with Hugo. I know jhung was looking at it but I\'m not sure it\'s been implemented for any of our work
2018-07-26T14:50:34 <simonjb> cool, thanks alanharnum
2018-07-26T14:51:12 <michelled> it hasn\'t been implemented for any of our work but I\'m pretty sure jhung helped another team with it
2018-07-26T14:51:26 <alanharnum> I think it might have been used for the CMHR inclusive museums work
2018-07-26T14:51:28 <michelled> I\'m not sure what exactly he did though
2018-07-26T14:51:36 <alanharnum> but not 100% sure
2018-07-26T14:52:28 <alanharnum> I know it was looked at for the inclusive cities site, but site ended up being deployed as purely static due to time constraints
2018-07-26T14:52:52 <alanharnum> I can personally recommend Hugo - I quite like it and I switched my personal site over from Jekyll last November fairly easily
2018-07-26T14:53:26 <alanharnum> Sara Soueidan has a really good article on it: https://www.sarasoueidan.com/blog/jekyll-ghpages-to-hugo-netlify/
2018-07-26T15:00:22 <michelled> gmoss, alanharnum: are we meeting now?
2018-07-26T15:00:56 <alanharnum> michelled gmoss: my room is open
2018-07-26T15:01:26 <gmoss> michelled alanharnum I\'ll be in slightly late
'

