b"2018-03-15T17:42:47 <alanharnum> I'd definitely include your thoughts on that if you have them
2018-03-15T17:45:04 <saichand_> I'm good at JS, CSS and html and I created small games using just those but I've never used any gaming frameworks. But I'm guessing that won't be big of a problem, right?
2018-03-15T17:46:07 <alanharnum> saichand_: I suspect you'd be fine to make a game just with those - a framework might be helpful, but many of the frameworks I'm familiar with are most useful for making it easier to do game physics, scene painting and composition, etc, that probably won't be as much of a consideration
2018-03-15T17:46:28 <Bosmon> jhernandez - it's 0.3.0-dev.20180315T174453Z.02de41c
2018-03-15T17:47:31 <jhernandez> Bosmon: great, thanks!!!
2018-03-15T17:47:58 <saichand_> alanharnum: Yeah totally agree with you, I'm just saying that I don't have a knowledge of them as of now. But I'll definitely learn them.
2018-03-15T17:48:22 <alanharnum> saichand_: yup, we understand that some of the process on this may involve learning new frameworks and technologies, for sure! :)
2018-03-15T17:50:58 <saichand_> alanharnum: Yeah, just making sure not knowing them presently won't be much of a problem, I've gone through of few frameworks, them seemed fun.
2018-03-15T17:51:30 <saichand_> Thanks for all the clarifications.
2018-03-15T17:53:52 <saichand_> Uh, oh. I think this webchat got hung
2018-03-15T17:56:46 * satjeet joined the channel
2018-03-15T17:58:29 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-15T18:00:10 <saichand_> alanharnum: Just one more question, would sending the proposal faster be of any advantage? I'm pretty late to joining the conversations(I was caught up in some other work, I hate that I'm late), so I'm guessing it'll take some time for me to write a good proposal.
2018-03-15T18:00:30 <alanharnum> saichand_: well, the final proposal isn't due until the 27th of March
2018-03-15T18:00:40 <alanharnum> submitting early is to allow the mentors time to review and give feedback before that
2018-03-15T18:01:33 <saichand_> alanharnum: Okay, sounds good, thanks for all the help *wave*
2018-03-15T18:01:42 <alanharnum> saichand_: cheers!
2018-03-15T18:05:40 <satjeet> Hello, i want to get involved in game development project. Before submitting the proposal, i want to know what sort of game is to be made and what stack i have to use.
2018-03-15T18:08:28 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-15T18:09:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-15T18:11:06 * gatitoneku has quit
2018-03-15T18:11:18 <alanharnum> satjeet: part of the proposal should be some of your thoughts on what kinds of games could be of interest / fun to the audiences described in the project details on the page - I know a lot of ideas have been shared in the Slack channel Jessm set up
2018-03-15T18:11:29 <alanharnum> as far as stack goes, we expect it would be web-based, so Javascript/HTML/CSS
2018-03-15T18:12:34 * satjeet has quit
2018-03-15T18:31:24 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-15T18:31:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T18:37:33 * stegru has quit
2018-03-15T18:53:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T18:59:04 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-15T18:59:04 * jhung has quit
2018-03-15T19:04:25 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-15T19:19:54 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-15T19:39:29 * saichand_ has quit
2018-03-15T19:46:45 * salmayehia joined the channel
2018-03-15T19:47:24 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-15T19:47:30 <kvuser> cindyli: I was trying to update deprecated mysql_* functions in achecker. But, i have one doubt. How do i access db connection in other files (let MyOwnPatchesDependentDAO.class.php). Should i use global $db ?  Because the DAO class defined has private variable $db and hence MyownPatchesDependentDAO class can not use it.  The mysqli_insert_id() nee
2018-03-15T19:47:30 <kvuser> ds a db link identifier as a parameter.
2018-03-15T19:47:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T19:49:01 <kvuser> cindyli:  Or am i missing something here?
2018-03-15T19:50:02 <cindyli> kvuser: an approach that another student took was to modify $db from a private var to a protected var
2018-03-15T19:50:10 <cindyli> which makes sense
2018-03-15T19:51:53 <kvuser> Cool. I'll use it too! Thanks.
2018-03-15T19:52:00 <cindyli> anytime
2018-03-15T19:52:41 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-15T19:52:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T20:08:01 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-15T20:08:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-15T20:09:01 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-15T20:10:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-15T20:14:23 <kvuser> cindyli: I've updated most of the mysql_* functions. But, there are hundreds of them. So, should i send a pull request after updating all the functions? Because, it would be then hard to find the error if something goes wrong. If i update few files at once, it'd be easy to roll back if something goes wrong! What do you think?
2018-03-15T20:17:15 <cindyli> kvuser: i'm thinking it would be harder to debug if some files are updated while some are not. it might be better to update all and do a thorough test
2018-03-15T20:18:21 <kvuser> okay. I'll complete the update first and then send a pr. :D
2018-03-15T20:18:45 <cindyli> thanks, kvuser
2018-03-15T20:33:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T20:34:00 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-15T20:35:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-15T20:41:19 * kavya_ has quit
2018-03-15T21:03:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-15T21:03:59 <cindyli> kvuser: thanks for completing the pull request. do you get a chance to test?
2018-03-15T21:05:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T21:06:56 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-03-15T21:48:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-15T21:57:30 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-03-15T21:58:24 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-15T22:24:01 * kaysagoe joined the channel
2018-03-15T22:26:05 <kvuser> @cindyli: Yes, but there is a warning coming on the top. I'm fixing it. Will update the PR.
2018-03-15T22:27:05 * kaysagoe has quit
2018-03-15T22:39:42 * amatas has quit
2018-03-15T22:59:09 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-15T23:23:05 * stegru has quit
2018-03-15T23:24:57 * kasparnet has quit
"

b'2018-03-15T13:20:15 <the-t-in-rtf> He is changing things that the --test flag would bypass.
2018-03-15T13:20:38 <the-t-in-rtf> I think "manual testing" in this case is only validating the content of the bundle.
2018-03-15T13:21:21 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: so  i\'m not sure when the package lock file gets updated.. could you walk me through that process, i\'m just trying to understand what\'s missing
2018-03-15T13:22:09 <the-t-in-rtf> I think the process of building the test bundle *might* update that file, I haven\'t got that far.
2018-03-15T13:22:34 <the-t-in-rtf> My point is, it won\'t test the reversion, as most commands are not actually run if you enable the --test flag.
2018-03-15T13:22:48 <the-t-in-rtf> However, it looks like the command to be run is still logged, so --test might help after all.
2018-03-15T13:23:00 <the-t-in-rtf> You\'d still be reviewing potential commands and not their effect, but fine.
2018-03-15T13:26:20 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: I believe the publish.clean doesn\'t take a isTest flag and would actually be run, but I could be missing something. https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/blob/master/publish.js#L260-L279
2018-03-15T13:26:57 * starcruizer13 joined the channel
2018-03-15T13:27:03 <the-t-in-rtf> Ah, that\'s well spotted, I was reading the other bits and trying to understand.
2018-03-15T13:28:17 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, I was nearly to a place where I\'d want to use fluid-publish, give me a few minutes, and I\'ll test it first with the --test flag, and then potentially without.
2018-03-15T13:29:09 * starcruizer12 has quit
2018-03-15T13:32:22 * starcruizer13 has quit
2018-03-15T13:33:38 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-15T13:42:38 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-15T13:43:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-15T13:46:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-15T13:48:42 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o, I will comment on the pull, I verified the changes working both with --test and without.
2018-03-15T13:51:10 * agdhruv joined the channel
2018-03-15T13:59:40 <Justin_o> bodily.ancestry.pet
2018-03-15T13:59:50 <Justin_o> oops.. wrong window :(
2018-03-15T14:00:31 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: excellent thanks
2018-03-15T14:02:54 * agdhruv has quit
2018-03-15T14:07:11 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-15T14:07:38 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:08:59 * saichand joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:11:11 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:11:17 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:14:32 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:15:00 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-15T14:15:30 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:15:45 * saichand has quit
2018-03-15T14:27:39 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:28:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:28:46 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:28:46 * danayo has quit
2018-03-15T14:30:53 <alanharnum> gtirloni: my room is open on Vidyo
2018-03-15T14:45:13 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:47:29 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:49:06 <Justin_o> cindyli: should the package-lock.json file not be included in the repo?
2018-03-15T14:49:18 <Justin_o> i\'m seeing it show up in the change tracking now that we deleted it locally
2018-03-15T14:49:54 <cindyli> Justin_o: according to the documentation, it should be committed in the repo
2018-03-15T14:50:04 * gatitoneku joined the channel
2018-03-15T14:50:14 <cindyli> digging documentation...
2018-03-15T14:50:18 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2018-03-15T14:50:33 <cindyli> https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package-lock.json
2018-03-15T14:52:17 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks, so what have you done in cases where you needed to remove it?
2018-03-15T14:53:25 <gtirloni> relevant SO question about package-lock.json: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/45022048/why-does-npm-install-rewrite-package-lock-json
2018-03-15T14:53:52 <cindyli> Justin_o: gtirloni\'s report on when the presence of this file could cause problem - https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2684
2018-03-15T14:54:37 <cindyli> Justin_o: for now, if i found this file has been rewritten, i would commit the updated one
2018-03-15T14:54:54 <cindyli> not sure what i\'m doing is correct tho ;)
2018-03-15T14:55:08 <Justin_o> okay. thanks
2018-03-15T14:55:39 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2018-03-15T14:56:27 <gtirloni> it might be important to verify npm\'s version since things seemed to have changed recently. i think the latest node LTS comes with 5.6.0 but i\'m not sure. i\'ve been using 5.7.1 lately
2018-03-15T14:57:02 <gtirloni> (for gpii, i think npm@3 is still the approved version but i don\'t think it supports lock files? not sure)
2018-03-15T14:57:54 <gtirloni> https://github.com/npm/npm/blob/latest/doc/files/npm-package-locks.md
2018-03-15T15:02:43 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks, locally i have npm 4.1.1, not sure what is in the vm anymore.. i destroyed it
2018-03-15T15:04:25 <gtirloni> np. it should be node 8.10.0 and npm 5.6.0 for a new box (https://nodejs.org/en/download/releases/)
2018-03-15T15:14:41 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-15T15:19:46 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks..
2018-03-15T15:20:04 <michelled> fluid-everyone: here\'s a video that Avtar made about the Inclusive Design Guide: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ESyrapafICE
2018-03-15T15:21:11 <Bosmon> gtirloni - we should stay with npm 5.6.0 since 5.7.1 has some important bugs
2018-03-15T15:21:44 <Bosmon> https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/19968
2018-03-15T15:22:29 <simonjb> hi the-t-in-rtf, I\'m just running the gpii/universal tests with your coverage reporting for the first time -- awesome work -- I had a question, in the universal README.md, we say "A coverage report will be saved to the coverage/report directory"
2018-03-15T15:22:36 <simonjb> but I don\'t see that directory
2018-03-15T15:22:37 <Justin_o> michelled: thanks for sharing it looks awesome. Although now i really want to paper craft the design guides
2018-03-15T15:22:44 <simonjb> should it be reports/index.html ?
2018-03-15T15:23:06 <gtirloni> Bosmon: oh,that\'s bad. thanks
2018-03-15T15:23:42 <stegru> michelled: I\'m sure his voice was deeper than that when I last heard him
2018-03-15T15:23:45 <Bosmon> I guess it\'s not a particular risk for machines that we don\'t roll releases from, but in any case it\'s a bad version we should stay clear from in general
2018-03-15T15:23:53 <stegru> those tablets must be working
2018-03-15T15:24:53 <michelled> stegru: haha he actually got a professional voice actor to volunteer her time!
2018-03-15T15:27:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m having some strange issues while trying to test transformations for UIO+ through the solutions registry
2018-03-15T15:27:27 <cindyli> simonjb: i created a jira yesterday for this issue - https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2903
2018-03-15T15:27:38 <cindyli> and assigned it to the-t-in-rtf
2018-03-15T15:27:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: this is the transformation
2018-03-15T15:27:55 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/TE89RZT9/
2018-03-15T15:28:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: this is the preferences file
2018-03-15T15:28:24 <simonjb> ah, great, thanks cindyli -- though I think it should be "reports" rather than "report"
2018-03-15T15:28:33 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/4MgvBl86/
2018-03-15T15:29:01 <cindyli> right, simonjb, modifying..
2018-03-15T15:29:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and this is the output in the test
2018-03-15T15:29:13 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/I9qqyp7i/
2018-03-15T15:29:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: any thoughts on what might be going wrong?
2018-03-15T15:37:40 * kaysagoe joined the channel
2018-03-15T15:38:06 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-15T15:38:26 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-15T15:40:28 * kaysagoe has quit
2018-03-15T15:45:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T15:48:10 * saichand joined the channel
2018-03-15T15:50:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T15:51:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-15T15:51:41 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-15T15:53:27 <saichand> Hello, is there someone here to whom I can ask doubts about "Inclusively Design & Build a Game for Kids". P.S. Sorry if I\'m spamming, I\'m new to irc, sometimes my message goes sometimes it doesnt.
2018-03-15T15:54:56 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-15T15:55:40 <Justin_o> saichand: it seems that the mentors for that project are both away at the moment. If you are able, maybe check back in an hour or so and they may be here
2018-03-15T15:57:22 <saichand> Justin_o : Thanks! I should message the whole thing again right? I mean they wont be able see this chat right?
2018-03-15T15:59:13 <Justin_o> saichand: depends on the irc client they are using. When you see jessm and alanharnum make sure to mention their name so they are pinged on the message
2018-03-15T16:00:33 <saichand> ohh okay, thanks :)
2018-03-15T16:00:57 <Justin_o> saichand: np, good luck
2018-03-15T16:02:24 <saichand> Justin_o: have a good day *wave*
2018-03-15T16:08:11 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-15T16:08:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T16:12:28 * kavya joined the channel
2018-03-15T16:21:09 * saichand has quit
2018-03-15T16:26:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: never mind, i\'ve figured it out.. the tests were actually using the preferences from the acceptanceTests directory
2018-03-15T16:30:59 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-15T16:31:37 <Bosmon> sgithens, javjarfer[m], stegru, clown, jhernandez and any others - ready for Windows meeting now?
2018-03-15T16:31:54 <stegru> yes Bosmon, we\'re in room 3
2018-03-15T16:32:10 <jhernandez> oh
2018-03-15T16:32:11 <Bosmon> I see
2018-03-15T16:32:15 <Bosmon> Readier than me then :)
2018-03-15T16:32:27 <jhernandez> I was here trying to figure out why I can\'t publish gpii-windows
2018-03-15T16:38:26 <jhernandez> anybody with some experience on publishing in npm
2018-03-15T16:38:32 <jhernandez> I\'m getting this error https://pastebin.com/Ci20RAdZ
2018-03-15T16:39:00 <jhernandez> I can publish gpii-universal but I\'m getting that when trying to do the same for gpii-windows
2018-03-15T16:40:10 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-15T16:41:58 <clown> Bosmon, stegru, jhernandez, on my way.
2018-03-15T16:53:15 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-15T16:53:54 * kavya_ joined the channel
2018-03-15T16:56:19 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-15T16:56:44 * kavya has quit
2018-03-15T17:05:45 * kaysagoe joined the channel
2018-03-15T17:08:35 * kaysagoe has quit
2018-03-15T17:18:37 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-15T17:18:50 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-15T17:19:51 <jhernandez> Bosmon: can you publish a new dev release of gpii-windows?
2018-03-15T17:20:26 <jhernandez> I don\'t know what\'s going on with my machine
2018-03-15T17:20:33 * saichand_ joined the channel
2018-03-15T17:20:51 * saichand_ has left the channel
2018-03-15T17:21:32 * saichand_ joined the channel
2018-03-15T17:22:02 * saichand_ has left the channel
2018-03-15T17:23:22 * saichand_ joined the channel
2018-03-15T17:24:19 <saichand_> jessm and alanharnum : Any of you there? I have some questions regarding "Inclusively Design & Build a Game for Kids"
2018-03-15T17:27:50 <alanharnum> hi saichand_, I\'m here - what\'s your questions?
2018-03-15T17:29:57 <saichand_> alanharnum : For the game focussed for toddlers who are blind, can there be additional gadgets added for controlling
2018-03-15T17:31:03 <alanharnum> saichand_: I\'m not sure I understand the question, can you explain what you mean by "additional gadgets"?
2018-03-15T17:34:16 <saichand_> alanharnum: Something like a single hand joypad (link : https://s3.envato.com/files/223476427/Preview%20Image%20Set/Joystick%202.jpg) or a vibrator(can be tied to hand)
2018-03-15T17:35:19 <alanharnum> saichand_: I think something like that would certainly be a possibility and could be discussed as such in a proposal - but keep in mind what jessm said on the Slack channel, "The work of the project will be to do a full design cycle with the larger community and stakeholders"
2018-03-15T17:35:33 * shivam_vyas joined the channel
2018-03-15T17:36:04 * shivam_vyas has left the channel
2018-03-15T17:36:05 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-15T17:36:41 <alanharnum> the proposal doesn\'t need to nail down an exactly detailed project plan that can\'t change, but we want to be able to see what you\'re thinking, how you\'re imagining solving for diverse users, etc
2018-03-15T17:38:27 <saichand_> alanharnum: So you are saying, first I should concentrate on how to make it diverse, explorative, educative and things like that?
2018-03-15T17:40:37 <alanharnum> saichand_: yes, those are important considerations - but I\'m also trying to say there\'s not a "yes" or "no" answer from us to a question like what controls can be used. we\'re definitely interested in your thoughts in the proposal as to how to accomplish the games
2018-03-15T17:40:44 <alanharnum> does that make sense?
2018-03-15T17:41:10 <saichand_> alanharnum: Yeah, you made it very clear, thanks!
2018-03-15T17:41:35 <alanharnum> \xf0\x9f\x91\x8d
2018-03-15T17:41:40 <alanharnum> great!
2018-03-15T17:42:30 <saichand_> alanharnum: Do I need to include the technologies I\'m planning to use in the Project Plan? I\'m guessing that would be secondary, is that right?
'

b'2018-03-15T00:14:59 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-15T00:51:52 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-15T01:11:40 * rutvi has quit
2018-03-15T01:34:31 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-15T01:56:49 * stegru has quit
2018-03-15T03:44:39 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-15T04:53:21 * starcruizer7 joined the channel
2018-03-15T04:54:33 <starcruizer7> I would like to contribute to the Fluid Project "Inclusively Design & Build a Game for Kids". I would like to learn and face new challenges in software development. I find developing a game for kids is interesting.
2018-03-15T04:55:35 <starcruizer7> Can you please guide me and  help me through the process.
2018-03-15T04:56:23 * gat1toneku joined the channel
2018-03-15T04:58:56 * gatitoneku has quit
2018-03-15T05:02:01 * gat1toneku has quit
2018-03-15T05:04:02 * gatitoneku joined the channel
2018-03-15T05:05:00 * gatitoneku has quit
2018-03-15T05:05:33 * gatitoneku joined the channel
2018-03-15T05:07:30 * gatitoneku has quit
2018-03-15T05:08:21 * gatitoneku joined the channel
2018-03-15T05:09:30 * gatitoneku has quit
2018-03-15T05:14:32 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-15T05:18:35 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-15T05:22:56 * saichand joined the channel
2018-03-15T05:28:39 * grrrero has quit
2018-03-15T05:34:27 * starcruizer7 has quit
2018-03-15T05:37:09 * saichand has quit
2018-03-15T05:46:22 * starcruizer7 joined the channel
2018-03-15T05:48:18 * starcruizer8 joined the channel
2018-03-15T05:51:22 * starcruizer7 has quit
2018-03-15T05:55:32 * starcruizer8 has quit
2018-03-15T05:56:09 * starcruizer8 joined the channel
2018-03-15T06:07:34 * starcruizer8 has quit
2018-03-15T06:08:13 * starcruizer8 joined the channel
2018-03-15T06:15:42 * ravimahfunda joined the channel
2018-03-15T06:20:45 * starcruizer8 has quit
2018-03-15T06:49:18 * starcruizer8 joined the channel
2018-03-15T07:08:12 * starcruizer9 joined the channel
2018-03-15T07:11:05 * starcruizer8 has quit
2018-03-15T07:23:12 * starcruizer9 has quit
2018-03-15T07:27:00 * starcruizer9 joined the channel
2018-03-15T07:27:25 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-15T07:31:10 * starcruizer10 joined the channel
2018-03-15T07:33:59 * starcruizer9 has quit
2018-03-15T07:40:29 * starcruizer10 has quit
2018-03-15T07:44:15 * starcruizer9 joined the channel
2018-03-15T08:09:49 * starcruizer9 has quit
2018-03-15T08:12:57 * starcruizer9 joined the channel
2018-03-15T08:22:23 * starcruizer10 joined the channel
2018-03-15T08:23:03 * starcruizer11 joined the channel
2018-03-15T08:24:44 * starcruizer9 has quit
2018-03-15T08:27:04 * starcruizer10 has quit
2018-03-15T08:47:27 * shreyJ joined the channel
2018-03-15T08:49:29 * shreyJ has left the channel
2018-03-15T08:55:34 * starcruizer11 has quit
2018-03-15T08:56:11 * starcruizer11 joined the channel
2018-03-15T09:07:34 * starcruizer11 has quit
2018-03-15T09:08:07 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-15T09:08:11 * starcruizer11 joined the channel
2018-03-15T09:12:09 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-15T09:19:34 * starcruizer11 has quit
2018-03-15T09:20:13 * starcruizer11 joined the channel
2018-03-15T09:20:20 * ravimahfunda has quit
2018-03-15T09:34:53 * starcruizer11 has quit
2018-03-15T09:35:33 * starcruizer11 joined the channel
2018-03-15T09:57:25 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-15T09:57:44 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-15T10:14:09 * starcruizer11 has quit
2018-03-15T10:24:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-15T10:52:05 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-15T11:20:14 * ewbjr_ joined the channel
2018-03-15T11:27:19 * ewbjr has quit
2018-03-15T11:27:21 * ewbjr_ is now known as ewbjr
2018-03-15T11:28:54 * ewbjr has quit
2018-03-15T11:28:54 * ewbjr joined the channel
2018-03-15T11:48:24 * saichand joined the channel
2018-03-15T11:50:04 <saichand> Hello everyone, I have some questions regarding "Inclusively Design & Build a Game for Kids" is there someone here to whom I can ask.
2018-03-15T12:06:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-15T12:12:33 * starcruizer11 joined the channel
2018-03-15T12:15:51 * kaysagoe joined the channel
2018-03-15T12:17:21 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-15T12:19:16 * kaysagoe has quit
2018-03-15T12:24:34 * starcruizer12 joined the channel
2018-03-15T12:26:20 * starcruizer11 has quit
2018-03-15T12:28:59 * saichand has quit
2018-03-15T12:29:19 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-15T12:32:45 <jhernandez> Bosmon: morning ANDRANIK
2018-03-15T12:33:24 <jhernandez> I was about to continue merging stegru\'s in-process user listeners
2018-03-15T12:33:59 <jhernandez> and I was wondering whether I can go ahead even with the known problems we have when running the gpii-app tests
2018-03-15T12:34:34 <jhernandez> you know, the "magnifier remains opened" one and the "object has been destroyed" ones
2018-03-15T12:36:33 <Bosmon> Hey jhernandez - yes, we can continue
2018-03-15T12:36:38 <Bosmon> The tests "pass" after all : P
2018-03-15T12:36:48 <Bosmon> Just don\'t make the situation any worse :)
2018-03-15T12:37:55 <jhernandez> heh, I\'ll try to not to, I promise :P
2018-03-15T12:38:02 <Bosmon> hahahaha
2018-03-15T12:38:04 <Bosmon> Cheers
2018-03-15T12:38:40 <jhernandez> also, I think we can merge this one https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/41 before stegru\'s gets in
2018-03-15T12:38:42 <jhernandez> \xc2\xbf?
2018-03-15T12:40:34 <jhernandez> if so, I\'ll start pushing/publishing both universal and windows and then will create a pull request in gpii-app with everything up-to-date, just to double check that we don\'t make the situation worse after the update
2018-03-15T12:43:29 <stegru> jhernandez: my PR contains 41\'s commit anyway
2018-03-15T12:44:40 <jhernandez> which one stegru?
2018-03-15T12:45:51 <stegru> pr 32 contains pr 41
2018-03-15T12:46:24 <jhernandez> oh
2018-03-15T12:46:26 <jhernandez> mmm
2018-03-15T12:46:41 <stegru> that\'s why my pr passes, even if master is broke ;)
2018-03-15T12:47:05 <jhernandez> you cherry-picked that one from Georgi\'s
2018-03-15T12:47:44 <jhernandez> tsk tsk tsk
2018-03-15T12:48:49 <jhernandez> I\'m not sure whether we want to cherry-pick commits that are meant to land master
2018-03-15T12:49:20 <jhernandez> Bosmon: ?
2018-03-15T12:49:34 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-15T12:49:38 <stegru> ohhh - sorry for wanting my tests to pass!
2018-03-15T12:49:48 <stegru> well, what\'s the harm?
2018-03-15T12:49:48 <jhernandez> hahaha
2018-03-15T12:49:55 <Bosmon> jhernandez - not sure what is meant here
2018-03-15T12:51:04 <jhernandez> Bosmon: that are supposed to land master
2018-03-15T12:52:01 <stegru> well, what\'s your reason for questioning it, jhernandez ?
2018-03-15T12:52:10 <jhernandez> I\'m not sure what will the effect be in the git history if we merge 41 and then 32
2018-03-15T12:52:59 <Bosmon> git always picks up the pieces
2018-03-15T12:53:12 <Bosmon> As long as the branches share genuine lineage and not just merely accidentally share content
2018-03-15T12:53:36 <jhernandez> okay, I wasn\'t sure
2018-03-15T12:54:57 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-15T12:57:34 * starcruizer12 has quit
2018-03-15T12:58:12 * starcruizer12 joined the channel
2018-03-15T12:58:20 <jhernandez> then, I can merge stegru\'s pull 32 and we will be just fine
2018-03-15T12:58:39 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-15T12:58:40 <jhernandez> isn\'t it?
2018-03-15T13:00:34 <Bosmon> YES IT IS
2018-03-15T13:00:37 <Bosmon> not THAT IT BE!
2018-03-15T13:01:03 <Bosmon> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C5IFwHQhC3o
2018-03-15T13:04:29 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-15T13:06:05 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: Hello, does https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/9 do what you requested in FLUID-6250
2018-03-15T13:06:30 <the-t-in-rtf> It looks like it should, although I haven\'t had the chance to test.
2018-03-15T13:06:50 <the-t-in-rtf> I was just reading the tests in that package to understand what they did and didn\'t exercise.
2018-03-15T13:07:44 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-15T13:10:42 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: If I remember correctly it won\'t actually run any real commands, but just verifies that the provided commands would have been called.
2018-03-15T13:11:03 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: there is also a test run option that builds a zip file that can be used for manual testing
2018-03-15T13:11:20 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/blob/master/README.md#--test
2018-03-15T13:14:03 <the-t-in-rtf> So, in my reading of the code, it looks like the test will prevent the tagging, etc. we need to check.
2018-03-15T13:14:33 <the-t-in-rtf> that manual testing is only of the bundle that would be published to npm, I think.
2018-03-15T13:16:50 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  which tagging did you need to test?
2018-03-15T13:17:08 <Justin_o> or what exactly did you want to test?
2018-03-15T13:17:08 <the-t-in-rtf> I guess it\'s more the etc. we need to test.
2018-03-15T13:17:16 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-15T13:17:19 <the-t-in-rtf> It should be very clear from the linked issue, but...
2018-03-15T13:17:34 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-15T13:17:46 <the-t-in-rtf> there are changes made to the package.json and package-lock.json before tagging a release in git.
2018-03-15T13:17:58 <the-t-in-rtf> these changes are reverted by checking out the altered files after the tag is created.
2018-03-15T13:18:22 <the-t-in-rtf> so that the branch is back in the same state it was in before the release.
2018-03-15T13:18:36 <the-t-in-rtf> I suppose I\'ll just have to check out his work and try it with a dev release, that seems the easiest.
2018-03-15T13:19:33 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i guess i\'m not sure why the --test flag can\'t be used for manual testing
2018-03-15T13:19:52 <the-t-in-rtf> what would I be testing that\'s in any way related to what\'s changed?
2018-03-15T13:19:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-15T13:20:05 <the-t-in-rtf> He isn\'t changing what goes into the tarball or what would be published.
'

