b'2018-05-15T00:16:22 * Justin_o has quit
2018-05-15T00:48:32 * avtar has quit
2018-05-15T02:12:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-05-15T02:15:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-05-15T02:19:21 * colinclark has quit
2018-05-15T04:56:03 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-15T05:06:19 * danayo has quit
2018-05-15T06:39:14 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-05-15T07:39:29 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-05-15T07:45:52 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-05-15T07:46:12 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-05-15T08:02:48 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-05-15T08:24:12 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-05-15T08:46:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-05-15T09:02:27 * stegru joined the channel
2018-05-15T11:33:35 <Bosmon> sgithens - are we having our.... THINGGE.... today?
2018-05-15T11:56:05 * stegru has quit
2018-05-15T12:17:20 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-05-15T12:18:19 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-05-15T12:30:25 * jhung joined the channel
2018-05-15T12:39:03 * stegru joined the channel
2018-05-15T12:50:27 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-05-15T12:53:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:08:09 * jessm joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:14:50 <cindyli> Bosmon: the GPII-2630 pull request is ready for more reviews - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/591, thanks
2018-05-15T13:15:17 <cindyli> also, the meeting 2PM eastern is cancelled
2018-05-15T13:15:27 <cindyli> i mean, the meeting today
2018-05-15T13:22:30 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:29:59 <jhung> hi fluid-everyone: Today\'s design crit presenter had a last minute change of plans and not able to share today. Therefore we now have an opening for another topic today. Does anyone have something they would like to share?
2018-05-15T13:34:29 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:39:11 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:39:59 <jhung> fluid-everyone: For today\'s design crit, the topic has been changed to discussing the latest accessibility designs for the Faraday\'s Law PhET sim.
2018-05-15T13:40:44 <jhung> fluid-everyone the design crit will begin in 20 minutes.
2018-05-15T13:43:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:48:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:48:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:49:50 * avtar joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:51:14 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:57:32 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-05-15T13:58:27 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-05-15T13:58:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T14:04:41 * clown joined the channel
2018-05-15T14:20:03 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-15T14:21:30 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-15T14:39:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T15:01:57 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will be at 11:15
2018-05-15T15:08:17 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-05-15T15:08:55 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-15T15:10:52 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-15T15:11:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-15T15:11:31 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning is starting soon
2018-05-15T15:30:39 * colinclark has quit
2018-05-15T15:38:08 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-05-15T15:39:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-15T15:43:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T15:50:58 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-15T15:50:58 * danayo has quit
2018-05-15T16:14:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-05-15T16:17:06 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-15T16:26:08 * clown joined the channel
2018-05-15T16:38:53 * clown joined the channel
2018-05-15T16:41:00 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-15T16:41:57 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-15T16:52:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T17:04:42 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-05-15T17:17:24 <sgithens> cindyli: Thanks!  I\'ll work on coordinating it while you\'re gone
2018-05-15T17:17:31 <sgithens> Friday is your last day before holiday?
2018-05-15T17:17:42 <cindyli> yes. thanks, sgithens
2018-05-15T17:42:44 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-15T17:43:28 <natarajaya> cindyli: Here the ticket for http fix:
2018-05-15T17:43:31 <natarajaya> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3042
2018-05-15T17:43:57 <natarajaya> I am planning to fix this hight priority today
2018-05-15T17:44:00 <cindyli> thanks, natarajaya
2018-05-15T18:07:28 * alanharnum has quit
2018-05-15T18:07:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T18:10:00 <sgithens> Bosmon: I\'m looking through how all the */enabled stuff works, and it looks like in order for an application to start, you can either have an application specific /enabled term, or a generic /enabled term that is included in the applications capabilities
2018-05-15T18:10:59 <sgithens> And I believe this function returns what that term would be? gpii.matchMakerFramework.utils.getActiveValueFromEnabledTerms
2018-05-15T18:11:34 <sgithens> but I\'m wondering what you would expect if there was both a generic term that it listed as a capability, but it also had a application specific /enabled
2018-05-15T18:11:57 <sgithens> would you launch the application still if only one of them were present in a prefset?
2018-05-15T18:12:31 * alanharnum has quit
2018-05-15T18:12:48 <sgithens> I think you also mentioned that maybe the windows portion of this wasn\'t merged yet, but I didn\'t see any PR\'s that looked like it would be for this
2018-05-15T18:13:04 <sgithens> although, it seems like it mostly would all be in universal
2018-05-15T18:18:04 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-15T18:42:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T18:52:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T19:35:59 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-05-15T19:45:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T19:51:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T19:53:26 <Bosmon> sgithens - well, it\'s a very good question
2018-05-15T19:53:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-15T19:54:17 <Bosmon> I wasn\'t particularly aware of application-specific enabled terms, but indeed now you mention it I imagine they must exist
2018-05-15T19:54:46 <Bosmon> It seems logical for either one of the enabled terms to cause a launch, yes
2018-05-15T19:54:59 <Bosmon> But this might be question either for kasparnet or for more detailed study of the code : P
2018-05-15T19:55:25 <Bosmon> The pull that was merged was https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/173
2018-05-15T19:55:48 <Bosmon> Which mostly consisted of updates to the new "enableRegisteredAT" launch handler
2018-05-15T20:24:21 * gtirloni has quit
2018-05-15T20:26:48 * cindyli has quit
2018-05-15T20:29:47 * alanharnum has quit
2018-05-15T20:30:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-15T20:30:15 <sgithens> Bosmon: cool thanks
2018-05-15T20:32:06 <sgithens> I\'m making the change in teh PPT now where unabling an application used to remove it completely from the prefset.  But I\'ll need someway, calling a combination of matchmaker utilities or something, to let the user know what scenerios would cause that application to start up or be enabled on key in
2018-05-15T20:32:12 <sgithens> Or something
2018-05-15T20:32:38 <sgithens> Presenting this set of items to the user is a little trickier than I thought, even for the advanced tool
2018-05-15T20:33:00 <sgithens> It\'s almost like the laptop configuration screens on the lenovo website or something
2018-05-15T20:33:17 <sgithens> where you get to the RAM and it says you have to change your chipset decision or something to increase it
2018-05-15T20:34:03 <sgithens> Here, you\'ve added an application and some settings for it to your prefset and then it\'s like "In order for this to actually start you\'ll need to go back to your generic settings and increase some setting XYZed"
2018-05-15T20:34:23 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-05-15T20:50:28 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-15T20:51:50 <Bosmon> sgithens - that\'s peculiar
2018-05-15T20:52:42 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-15T20:52:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-15T21:03:05 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-05-15T21:11:33 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-15T22:27:09 * stegru has quit
2018-05-15T22:36:52 * stegru joined the channel
2018-05-15T22:56:26 * michelled joined the channel
'

