b'2018-05-22T03:55:22 * natarajaya has quit
2018-05-22T06:26:40 <the-t-in-rtf> Just looking up recipes for dinner before I head to drop my son off at school... ;)
2018-05-22T06:28:43 <the-t-in-rtf> How on Earth do you get up so early if you\'re still up now?
2018-05-22T06:29:05 <the-t-in-rtf> Oh, I see, this is from last night, the notification icon has been bouncing all night.
2018-05-22T07:45:27 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-05-22T07:46:20 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-05-22T07:55:29 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-05-22T07:57:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-05-22T08:20:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-22T08:21:23 * stegru joined the channel
2018-05-22T11:03:05 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-05-22T11:23:07 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-22T11:29:50 <the-t-in-rtf> Morning all.
2018-05-22T11:30:02 <the-t-in-rtf> I assume we\'re still doing Skype as arranged by @Bosmon?
2018-05-22T11:30:03 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf Bosmon simonjb: Skype?
2018-05-22T11:30:07 <the-t-in-rtf> ha.
2018-05-22T11:30:35 <simonjb> good for me
2018-05-22T11:32:30 <Bosmon> Hi
2018-05-22T11:32:34 <Bosmon> Yes, starting up
2018-05-22T11:32:39 <sgithens> awesum
2018-05-22T11:46:56 <georgitodorov> the-t-in-rtf: Can you add us to the call as well?
2018-05-22T11:57:16 <the-t-in-rtf> Just sent an invite for the i18n meeting.
2018-05-22T12:23:45 <georgitodorov> the-t-in-rtf: Unfortunately, Thursday is a national holiday in Bulgaria and we won\'t be able to join the meeting.
2018-05-22T12:23:58 <the-t-in-rtf> next Tuesday good for everyone?
2018-05-22T12:24:09 <the-t-in-rtf> by then I might even have it integrated into the right package.
2018-05-22T12:30:15 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-05-22T12:32:02 <the-t-in-rtf> I moved the invite to next Tuesday.
2018-05-22T12:48:38 * dandimitrov has left the channel
2018-05-22T12:55:52 * simonjb has quit
2018-05-22T13:22:27 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-05-22T13:33:06 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-05-22T13:36:30 * yuriy has quit
2018-05-22T13:39:05 * jessm joined the channel
2018-05-22T13:41:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: did a quick glance through https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/824 I saw "notifyInitModel". I assume that can be used to add a hook before any initial model listeners, and relays?
2018-05-22T13:42:10 <Justin_o> if that\'s correct, i assume that will help us in cases were we\'ve been doing exclude init and making changes with the onCreate instead
2018-05-22T13:48:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well it might, but this is intended primarily for people developing "mini-frameworks"
2018-05-22T13:48:28 <Bosmon> You should find in practice with the improved implementation that simply listening to the init model itself will be good enough
2018-05-22T13:48:40 <Bosmon> But it depends on what kind of thing you are building
2018-05-22T13:49:02 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-05-22T13:49:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you have an example of a mini-framework
2018-05-22T13:49:17 <Justin_o> would the prefs framework be such a thing?
2018-05-22T13:49:26 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the "new renderer" : P
2018-05-22T13:49:27 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-05-22T13:49:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah okay :)
2018-05-22T13:49:47 <Bosmon> The prefs framework historically has been a kind of mini-framework, but it is something that we should be able to eliminate eventually
2018-05-22T13:49:56 <Bosmon> By just folding all the things it requires into the main framework
2018-05-22T13:50:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and then it will just be a component?
2018-05-22T13:50:14 <Bosmon> For example sgithens was asking about your "conditionalCreateEvent" stuff last week
2018-05-22T13:50:16 <Justin_o> or set of grades
2018-05-22T13:51:23 <Justin_o> conditionals would be nice :) also for model listeners
2018-05-22T13:51:28 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-05-22T13:51:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, we\'d expect the great majority of stuff in "Panels.js" to go away, at least where they were just boilerplate or plumbing
2018-05-22T13:52:02 <Justin_o> that should simplify things a lot
2018-05-22T13:52:42 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-05-22T13:57:19 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-22T14:14:37 <Bosmon> Justin_o - thanks for checking out your test case with the new branch
2018-05-22T14:14:41 <Bosmon> Great to know that issue is fixed
2018-05-22T14:15:58 <Justin_o> np problem. it\'s great that you managed to fix the issue before i found it ;) Is there a time frame for that PR to be merged?
2018-05-22T14:28:50 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-05-22T14:46:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-05-22T14:49:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it will be merged any time it is reviewed :)
2018-05-22T14:51:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s a reasonable answer, is there anyone in particular you\'d like to do that?
2018-05-22T14:52:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, any of you lot really : P
2018-05-22T14:53:19 <Bosmon> I\'m sure you, cindyli, simonjb or colinclark could do it
2018-05-22T14:58:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, thanks.
2018-05-22T15:01:05 * yuriy has quit
2018-05-22T15:01:19 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-22T15:01:43 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-22T15:03:17 <gmoss> fluid-everyone: are we doing IDRC planning today?
2018-05-22T15:03:47 <Justin_o> gmoss: i guess we could, lots of people away though, but we could go over what the rest of us are working on
2018-05-22T15:04:09 <gmoss> Justin_o: okay, true, I forgot others were also away
2018-05-22T15:04:18 <gmoss> hmm
2018-05-22T15:08:49 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-22T15:20:41 <Bosmon> Hi amatas[m] - any idea why Jenkins considers this build is a failure when every element is a success?
2018-05-22T15:20:42 <Bosmon> https://ci.gpii.net/job/gpii-app-tests/248/
2018-05-22T15:26:44 <amatas[m]> Bosmon: because it tried to archive the artifacts (coverage reports) and it failed
2018-05-22T15:26:46 * amatas[m] sent a long message: amatas[m]_2018-05-22_15:26:45.txt <https://matrix.org/_matrix/media/v1/download/matrix.org/sWHlsokVHSCkVMQesZKasQUO>
2018-05-22T15:27:36 <amatas[m]> I\'m going to disable that, as it seems to not work properly, some additional work is needed to set this up
2018-05-22T15:28:37 <Bosmon> OK thanks
2018-05-22T15:31:23 <Bosmon> It would be sufficient to archive the contents of "reports" and "coverage" subdirectories
2018-05-22T15:31:26 <Bosmon> Where would this go if archived?
2018-05-22T15:40:03 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-22T15:43:48 <amatas[m]> I tried to config "Archive the artifacts" option of the Jenkins to save the content of those two directories, but it failed. The plugin also says: "Normally, Jenkins keeps artifacts for a build as long as a build log itself is kept"
2018-05-22T15:45:13 <amatas[m]> I guess that you will have a link in the menu of each build, at the same level of "workspace" where you can browse the saved files
2018-05-22T15:45:46 <amatas[m]> https://ci.gpii.net/job/gpii-app-tests/ws/reports/index.html
2018-05-22T15:46:55 <amatas[m]> (the workspace link is a browser of the last source code tested)
2018-05-22T16:11:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-22T16:11:39 * avtar joined the channel
2018-05-22T16:58:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-05-22T17:44:46 * YehchanP joined the channel
2018-05-22T17:47:59 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-05-22T17:49:02 * natarajaya joined the channel
2018-05-22T17:51:17 * janardan joined the channel
2018-05-22T17:51:20 * rutvi joined the channel
2018-05-22T17:57:23 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-05-22T17:58:36 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2018-05-22T18:08:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-22T18:43:56 * stegru has quit
2018-05-22T19:11:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-05-22T19:26:14 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-05-22T19:39:37 * stegru joined the channel
2018-05-22T19:40:29 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-22T19:46:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-22T20:08:43 <gmoss> the-t-in-rtf: just FYI, not urgent at all, I\'ve fixed a couple of typos in gpii.handlebars docs files and made a PR, https://github.com/GPII/gpii-handlebars/pull/25
2018-05-22T20:09:30 <the-t-in-rtf> great, thanks, I\'ll look at it in the morning.
2018-05-22T20:09:57 <gmoss> sure, whenever you have time :)
2018-05-22T20:21:11 <gtirloni> fluid-everyone: I was wondering if anyone is having issues with running universal\'s browser tests on chrome 66? CI is using chrome 65 and is running fine but it\'s getting stuck on my machine (DataSource-PouchDBTests.html)
2018-05-22T20:39:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-22T20:59:43 * simonjb has quit
2018-05-22T21:19:56 <gtirloni> created GPII-3077 for this
2018-05-22T21:54:52 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-05-22T22:04:32 * YehchanP has quit
2018-05-22T22:08:03 * gtirloni has quit
2018-05-22T22:16:58 * stegru has quit
2018-05-22T22:30:01 * avtar has quit
'

