b"2018-03-23T16:02:57 <alanharnum> the Javascript text-to-speech API is actually supported in all the current major browsers at this point, so can be handled at client side, etc - so I don't consider text to speech as interesting a possibility as something that isn't as easily achieved browser-side, like content simplification
2018-03-23T16:04:09 <yoyousuf67> Thanks I got some useful pointers. Will work on them
2018-03-23T16:17:29 * scott_gonzalez_ has quit
2018-03-23T16:19:13 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-23T16:19:44 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-23T16:20:58 * scott_gonzalez joined the channel
2018-03-23T16:21:57 * michelled has quit
2018-03-23T16:29:28 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-23T16:30:27 * shivam_vyas joined the channel
2018-03-23T16:33:25 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-23T16:33:28 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-23T16:37:35 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T16:38:23 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-23T17:06:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-23T17:19:36 * yoyousuf67 has quit
2018-03-23T17:40:35 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T17:45:45 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-23T17:55:22 <ussjoin_> https://techcrunch.com/2018/03/23/apple-proposes-new-emojis-to-represent-people-with-disabilities/
2018-03-23T18:00:59 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-23T18:03:58 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-23T18:19:17 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-23T18:20:59 * Raman_kr joined the channel
2018-03-23T18:22:25 * stegru has quit
2018-03-23T18:23:51 * Sunny0794 joined the channel
2018-03-23T18:36:51 * Raman_kr has quit
2018-03-23T18:39:13 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-23T18:39:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-23T18:51:00 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-23T18:56:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-23T18:57:04 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-23T18:57:35 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T18:59:57 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-23T19:00:41 <shivam_vyas> Hello Friends, is threre any naming convention sceme for gsoc proposol filename?
2018-03-23T19:00:51 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-23T19:01:00 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-23T19:02:40 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-23T19:03:00 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-23T19:12:49 <colinclark> hey the-t-in-rtf, are you still around here?
2018-03-23T19:19:06 * shivam_vyas1 joined the channel
2018-03-23T19:20:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-23T19:21:51 * shivam_vyas has quit
2018-03-23T19:36:59 * shivam_vyas1 has left the channel
2018-03-23T19:45:34 * Sunny0794 has quit
2018-03-23T20:09:32 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T20:15:31 * rbhatia joined the channel
2018-03-23T20:16:07 * rbhatia has quit
2018-03-23T20:16:28 * rbhatia46 joined the channel
2018-03-23T20:23:29 * rbhatia46 has quit
2018-03-23T20:25:08 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-23T20:31:18 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-23T20:40:23 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-23T20:42:32 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-23T20:56:23 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-23T21:00:10 * jhung has quit
2018-03-23T22:02:03 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-23T22:23:53 * michelled has quit
2018-03-23T22:27:27 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-23T22:29:35 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-23T22:33:18 * michelled has quit
2018-03-23T22:36:31 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T22:55:45 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-23T22:57:23 * grrrero has quit
2018-03-23T22:57:45 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-23T23:01:00 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-23T23:08:09 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-23T23:10:43 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-23T23:12:31 * danayo has left the channel
2018-03-23T23:40:13 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-23T23:42:51 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-23T23:50:09 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-23T23:51:48 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-23T23:52:02 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
"

b'2018-03-23T12:22:53 <Justin_o> gtirloni: also i had multiple versions of that fedora box, so could have been related to that
2018-03-23T12:22:57 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: It happens to everyone :)
2018-03-23T12:24:03 <Justin_o> gtirloni: so i should update vagrant, remove the boxes and re-download them?
2018-03-23T12:24:14 <gtirloni> Justin_o: yes, unfortunately
2018-03-23T12:24:23 <Justin_o> gtirloni: okay, i\'ll do that, thanks
2018-03-23T12:25:24 <gtirloni> :)
2018-03-23T12:27:10 <Justin_o> gtirloni: can i just go in and delete everything from within ~/.vagrant.d/boxes
2018-03-23T12:27:16 <Justin_o> is that enough to get rid of all of them
2018-03-23T12:27:18 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - the problem is that your message distributor starts up after the things it is trying to distribute to
2018-03-23T12:27:39 <gtirloni> Justin_o: yeah, maybe ~/.vagrant.d itself (i don\'t know if there\'s metadata out of the boxes dir)
2018-03-23T12:27:46 <Justin_o> ah okay
2018-03-23T12:27:49 <Bosmon> Which I am inferring since it has an id ending -654 whereas, for example, the splash component has an id of -229
2018-03-23T12:27:49 <gtirloni> it\'s the best way to start fresh
2018-03-23T12:28:05 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-23T12:28:20 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T12:28:33 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks for the help
2018-03-23T12:28:35 <Bosmon> The main app, however, has -151, so you can win this race :)
2018-03-23T12:29:05 <gtirloni> Justin_o: you\'re welcome!
2018-03-23T12:29:15 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Yes, in the main app all i18n components have a createOnEvent annotation
2018-03-23T12:29:38 <georgitodorov> But the distributor\'s parent doesn\'t and thus is created earlier
2018-03-23T12:30:03 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - ok, but the createOnEvent of the messageBundles component nonetheless ends up being too late
2018-03-23T12:30:53 <Bosmon> OK, so the root component on the renderer side is a gpii.psp ....
2018-03-23T12:31:46 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-23T12:31:46 <Bosmon> Then there is a mainWindow....
2018-03-23T12:32:18 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - I don\'t see the createOnEvent annotation you are speaking of
2018-03-23T12:32:25 <Bosmon> To me it looks like this tree constructs synchronously
2018-03-23T12:32:50 <Bosmon> For example splash is a direct child of mainWindow which is a direct child of gpii.psp
2018-03-23T12:32:57 <Bosmon> And as far as I can see all of these will construct at once
2018-03-23T12:34:34 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I meant that in gpii.app the tray subcomponent has a createOnEvent (and the tray contains the internationalized context menu)
2018-03-23T12:34:47 <georgitodorov> There are no createOnEvents in the renderer part
2018-03-23T12:35:06 * kasper joined the channel
2018-03-23T12:35:07 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-23T12:35:12 <georgitodorov> Except for the settingsPanel
2018-03-23T12:36:23 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: So the distributeOptions would not work if we are distributing to an already created component? Even if we are doing this to its model?
2018-03-23T12:36:25 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T12:39:29 * kasper has quit
2018-03-23T12:40:37 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - that\'s right, yes - the framework currently only reads distributions at construct time
2018-03-23T12:40:40 <Bosmon> So you need to win the race
2018-03-23T12:40:44 <the-t-in-rtf> HI, all.
2018-03-23T12:40:54 <the-t-in-rtf> Still trying to get the gpii-app tests to run as a precursor to adding code coverage.
2018-03-23T12:41:09 <the-t-in-rtf> In reviewing more closely, seems like the tests pass, but there is an immediate exception after.
2018-03-23T12:41:09 <the-t-in-rtf> https://www.pastiebin.com/5ab4f5bec9f75
2018-03-23T12:41:16 <the-t-in-rtf> is this a known thing?
2018-03-23T12:41:21 <Bosmon> What I suggest you do is to synthesize a dynamic grade as we suggested
2018-03-23T12:41:25 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - yes, it is a known thing
2018-03-23T12:41:34 <Bosmon> Apparently it is remedied in the current beta of electron 2.0.0
2018-03-23T12:41:51 <the-t-in-rtf> Does it result in failing CI builds?
2018-03-23T12:42:05 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - it doesn\'t
2018-03-23T12:42:18 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, I will see if it blocks further execution of npm scripts, if it doesn\'t I\'m fine.
2018-03-23T12:42:22 <Bosmon> Since the failure occurs after the test run has finished
2018-03-23T12:42:37 <the-t-in-rtf> well, the CI should care about the return code.
2018-03-23T12:42:46 <the-t-in-rtf> but I\'ll try it out and see.
2018-03-23T12:42:54 <Bosmon> I believe it doesn\'t affect the return code
2018-03-23T12:43:11 <Bosmon> Probably by virtue of our slightly dodgy uncaught exception handler : P
2018-03-23T12:43:21 <georgitodorov> the-t-in-rtf: The return code is 0 as long as the tests pass
2018-03-23T12:43:46 <the-t-in-rtf> great, thanks.
2018-03-23T12:43:49 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Could you remind me what the idea behind this dynamic grade was?
2018-03-23T12:44:28 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - so my suggestion for winning this race is to synthesize an actual defaults block name in an expander - e.g. something like messageDistributorGrade: "@expand: ..... some stuff
2018-03-23T12:44:42 <Bosmon> And then the messageBundles component can then apply this grade to itself
2018-03-23T12:45:00 <Bosmon> e.g. gradeNames: ["fluid.modelComponent", "{that}.options.messageDistributorGrade"]
2018-03-23T12:45:22 <Bosmon> Or you could simply invoke the grade synthesizer directly in the grade expression
2018-03-23T12:46:58 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ComponentGrades.html#raw-dynamic-grades
2018-03-23T12:50:55 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - the idea behind the approach is to win the construct race so that the distribution is ready before the things that we need to advise
2018-03-23T12:51:19 * helloagrawal joined the channel
2018-03-23T12:51:41 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-23T12:51:42 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: So I need to simply provide a function which needs to return the gradeName string of a messageDistributor
2018-03-23T12:51:51 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - yep, that\'s right
2018-03-23T12:52:09 <Bosmon> And make sure that you have already registered this gradeName string to fluid.defaults by the previous action of the expander
2018-03-23T12:53:00 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Can it be in its separate fluid.defaults block instead of in an expander?
2018-03-23T12:56:46 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - well you need to get the fluid.defaults call issued somehow
2018-03-23T12:57:04 <Bosmon> The expander will both synthesize the grade and register it and then return its name
2018-03-23T12:57:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-23T13:04:56 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-23T13:17:12 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-23T13:21:09 * yoyousuf67 joined the channel
2018-03-23T13:21:46 * helloagrawal has quit
2018-03-23T13:23:35 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-23T13:27:30 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Something like this: https://pastebin.com/FFpuMvRA?
2018-03-23T13:28:02 <georgitodorov> And I am not doing something right because it is not working for the renderer process :(
2018-03-23T13:29:37 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-23T13:31:55 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - yes, you have left behind the stray "onCreate"
2018-03-23T13:31:58 <Bosmon> Which makes everything late again
2018-03-23T13:32:09 <Bosmon> The purpose of the grade is to WIN THE RACE!
2018-03-23T13:32:14 <yoyousuf67> Hello. I have been trying to get familiar with Infusion and following its interactive tutorial. I am facing a problem in :https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/tutorial-developerIntroduction/DeveloperIntroductionToInfusionFramework-ModelsAndModelComponents.html
2018-03-23T13:32:28 <Bosmon> So you need to just write the distribution directly in the grade definition
2018-03-23T13:32:50 <yoyousuf67> when I do : helloWorld.applier.change("message", "Hello, brave new Infusion world!"); in console , it shows the following
2018-03-23T13:33:05 <yoyousuf67> "Hello, brave new Infusion world!"
2018-03-23T13:33:14 <yoyousuf67> undefined
2018-03-23T13:34:27 <yoyousuf67> I cant understand why it shows undefined. Is the message reset after applier change ?
2018-03-23T13:34:29 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Now I get it, thank you for the patience :)
2018-03-23T13:37:40 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-23T13:38:38 <Justin_o> yoyousuf67: I ran it in the code pen example and didn\'t see the "undefined" which browser are you using, and can you send your code
2018-03-23T13:38:52 <yoyousuf67> opera
2018-03-23T13:39:48 <Justin_o> yoyousuf67: i don\'t have opera installed, so can\'t check, but it may be something related to that console.. have you tried different browsers
2018-03-23T13:39:52 <yoyousuf67> the undefined is shown in codepen console
2018-03-23T13:40:15 <yoyousuf67> I will look into it right away
2018-03-23T13:42:07 <yoyousuf67> Same result in chrome too
2018-03-23T13:42:38 <Justin_o> could you please send your version of the codepen example
2018-03-23T13:43:52 <yoyousuf67> how do I check the version?
2018-03-23T13:44:21 <Justin_o> yoyousuf67: i think you might need to fork it and save your modification
2018-03-23T13:50:52 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-23T13:50:58 <yoyousuf67> https://codepen.io/yoyousuf67/pen/pLwBqP?editors=1011
2018-03-23T13:55:02 <yoyousuf67> Its the same code as in example.
2018-03-23T14:03:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-23T14:04:40 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-23T14:07:31 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T14:07:36 <yoyousuf67> the same behavior occurs when i download the code, save it as HTML and run in browser
2018-03-23T14:12:25 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-23T14:42:43 <Justin_o> yoyousuf67: i\'m heading out now, but you should provide a codepen example or the code in a github repo that includes your modifications
2018-03-23T14:44:45 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-23T14:58:06 <jhernandez> Bosmon: hey there
2018-03-23T14:58:32 <jhernandez> I was taking a look at this issue https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2895
2018-03-23T14:58:51 <Bosmon> Hey there VVERNNANDDEZZ
2018-03-23T15:00:56 <jhernandez> which is something that Gregg wanted to get implemented ASAP, at least, until we have an "about" section and a proper versioning/release process in plac3
2018-03-23T15:01:01 <jhernandez> *place
2018-03-23T15:02:35 <Bosmon> jhernandez - well, we should be able to recover versions from our own package.json now, as we intended
2018-03-23T15:02:50 <Bosmon> That is, if we produce the installer from a fluid-publish npm module
2018-03-23T15:03:45 <jhernandez> yes, but still, gpii-app is not being "versioned"
2018-03-23T15:04:01 <Bosmon> jhernandez - why not?
2018-03-23T15:05:21 <jhernandez> are you saying that we should start versioning gpii-app too? even if it\'s not published in npm? or can we just start versioning "by hand"?
2018-03-23T15:05:32 <Bosmon> jhernandez - we should just start publishing it in npm
2018-03-23T15:05:40 <Bosmon> GIven it now depends on things which are published in npm
2018-03-23T15:06:47 <jhernandez> okay
2018-03-23T15:11:06 <jhernandez> and what happens with "unofficial builds" that may include things that are not in master yet, or "demo" builds?
2018-03-23T15:12:12 <jhernandez> I do know that we want to only create installers from master, unfortunately, in real life it\'s not always the case
2018-03-23T15:12:14 <jhernandez> :/
2018-03-23T15:17:55 <jhernandez> I guess the answer is, "we just use the commit hash ref used for building and that\'s all"
2018-03-23T15:24:03 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: it will be good to upload the current proposal or i have to create tech evaluation report ?
2018-03-23T15:24:54 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: tech evaluation can be included in the proposal
2018-03-23T15:27:42 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: as i understand i should create a table for the cons and pros ,right ?
2018-03-23T15:31:29 <grrrero> fluid-everyone: my internet died and I\xe2\x80\x99m on the phone trying to get it back up. Yesterday I was refactoring the wp-a11y-theme and made some changes to the stylesheets for UIO behaviour as well as adding the table of contents selector in the pages. Today doing more of that.
2018-03-23T15:32:47 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: that would be great
2018-03-23T15:35:37 <yoyousuf67> Justin_o: OK I will send you my code soon.
2018-03-23T15:42:50 <Bosmon> jhernandez - we can roll npm dev releases from anywhere
2018-03-23T15:42:56 <Bosmon> Remember that fluid-publish includes the commit hash anyway
2018-03-23T15:43:07 <Bosmon> Although of course it will be helpful to record somehow what branch it was from
2018-03-23T15:43:19 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-23T15:45:35 <yoyousuf67> can someone give me an example of "adaptive content and learning supports" that I can take inspiration from
2018-03-23T15:46:19 <yoyousuf67> It can be a website or some project or anything related to it
2018-03-23T15:47:13 <yoyousuf67> also it would be helpful to know who the target audience is.
2018-03-23T15:47:45 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-23T15:52:03 <alanharnum> yoyousuf67: this may be a helpful starting point - https://www.ldatschool.ca/assistive-technology/
2018-03-23T15:52:34 <yoyousuf67> Thanks. I will look into it.
2018-03-23T15:55:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-23T15:55:37 <alanharnum> but in basic form "adaptive content" is content that can be transformed, supplemented or otherwise for the person consuming it. "learning supports" can take the form of adapting content by doing things like translating it, adding dictionary definitions of unfamiliar words, simplifying it, etc.
2018-03-23T15:56:40 <alanharnum> the general project goal is to demonstrate how various third-party services and libraries could be combined together into a more integrated solution that would lower the barrier to other applications making use of those types of supports
2018-03-23T15:59:15 <yoyousuf67> So bringing all things at one place so as to make it is easy to access
2018-03-23T16:00:24 <alanharnum> yup, in principle - though given the short time of GSoC, it\'s more reasonable to expect to build a) A general architecture for content adaptation services and b) Some example implementations within that architecture
2018-03-23T16:00:50 <yoyousuf67> One more question: Will we deal with text to speech and vice versa or just keep it simple?
2018-03-23T16:02:02 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
'

b'2018-03-23T00:02:10 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-23T00:02:28 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-23T00:06:57 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-23T00:07:19 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2018-03-23T00:12:51 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-23T00:18:26 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-23T00:40:20 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-23T00:40:42 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-23T00:52:21 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-23T00:52:38 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-23T01:00:21 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-23T01:00:40 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-23T01:11:57 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-23T01:12:26 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-23T01:12:41 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-23T01:22:20 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-23T01:24:26 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-23T01:24:41 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-23T01:26:14 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-23T03:07:12 * ashish_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T03:08:25 <ashish_> Hey everyone, Myself Ashish a front-end developer and a learner
2018-03-23T03:42:51 * Justin_o has quit
2018-03-23T03:57:07 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-23T04:32:35 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-23T04:36:41 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-23T04:43:06 * danayo has quit
2018-03-23T04:46:08 * yoyousuf67 joined the channel
2018-03-23T05:07:54 <yoyousuf67> ashish_: What project do you intend to work upon?
2018-03-23T05:08:38 * iknoor joined the channel
2018-03-23T05:08:44 <iknoor> Hi
2018-03-23T05:08:53 <iknoor> Anybody there to help?
2018-03-23T05:09:22 <yoyousuf67> What do you need?
2018-03-23T05:11:11 <iknoor> I am really excited to work on the project "Inclusively Design & Build a Game for Kids" this summer.
2018-03-23T05:11:19 <iknoor> PS. I am aware and extremely sorry for contacting you this late, If there\'s still a chance for me, then I wouldn\'t want to miss it for anything in this world.
2018-03-23T05:12:42 <yoyousuf67> Well I am also a GSoC aspirant. You can check the #fluid-work logs for discussions that have happened.
2018-03-23T05:13:16 <yoyousuf67> They have a slack channel which you can join
2018-03-23T05:14:07 <yoyousuf67> you need to ping your email to the mentor for the project
2018-03-23T05:14:21 <yoyousuf67> so they can add you to slack channel
2018-03-23T05:16:08 <yoyousuf67> Please read the comments at bottom of page: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2018+with+the+Fluid+Project
2018-03-23T05:19:16 <iknoor> Ok Thanks
2018-03-23T05:19:56 <yoyousuf67> welcome
2018-03-23T05:46:08 * yoyousuf67 has quit
2018-03-23T06:05:24 * ashish_ has quit
2018-03-23T06:08:29 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-23T06:08:58 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-23T06:19:59 * iknoor has quit
2018-03-23T06:40:11 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-23T06:47:11 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T06:50:43 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-23T07:04:01 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-23T07:14:07 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-23T07:31:40 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2018-03-23T07:43:34 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-23T07:57:22 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-23T07:58:53 * Sushant joined the channel
2018-03-23T08:33:34 * Sushant has quit
2018-03-23T08:39:20 * Sushant joined the channel
2018-03-23T08:53:22 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T08:55:44 * Sushant has quit
2018-03-23T08:56:11 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-23T09:12:10 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T09:24:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-23T09:29:17 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-23T09:37:50 * Sushant joined the channel
2018-03-23T09:41:51 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-23T09:42:04 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T09:43:16 * helloagrawal joined the channel
2018-03-23T09:48:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-23T09:55:48 * ashish__ joined the channel
2018-03-23T09:56:49 <ashish__> anyone there
2018-03-23T09:57:36 <ashish__> I am thinking to work on: Inclusively Design & Build a Game for Kids
2018-03-23T09:58:34 <ashish__> Can someone guide me...that what should be my next step
2018-03-23T09:58:35 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-23T09:58:41 * ShadX__ joined the channel
2018-03-23T10:10:24 * Sushant has quit
2018-03-23T10:21:34 * helloagrawal has quit
2018-03-23T10:22:58 <georgitodorov> Bosmon, the-t-in-rtf: For the PSP we now have a basic implementation of a component which takes care of distributing the corresponding messages to the internationalizable components that need them.
2018-03-23T10:23:12 <georgitodorov> Actually, what is distributed is IoC references to the model of that component (which we have called `messageBundles`): https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/GPII-2894-distributed/src/common/messageBundles.js#L116
2018-03-23T10:23:26 <georgitodorov> This way whenever the locale changes, there will be no need to do anything else except update the messages in the model of the `messageBundles` component.
2018-03-23T10:23:37 <georgitodorov> The actual process of distributing the messages includes the dynamic creation of `distributeOptions` blocks and involves recreating the whole component tree as you can see here: https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/GPII-2894-distributed/src/common/messageBundles.js#L139
2018-03-23T10:23:47 <georgitodorov> We are using the `fluid.construct` method only after the component is created which means that it will be destroyed and created again. Thus, the whole component tree will be constructed twice twice. It would probably have little or no impact on performance but such an extra step worries us a bit.
2018-03-23T10:23:59 <georgitodorov> We also found out that there is an issue with reconstructing fluid.viewComponents because their container is not specified here: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/FluidIoC.js#L1505
2018-03-23T10:24:12 <georgitodorov> We got the familiar "Cannot ready property selector of undefined" exception. When we added the `contaner: options.container` statement to the `fluid.construct` function above everything worked fine.
2018-03-23T10:24:25 <georgitodorov> Is there a reason why the `container` property is not there? Shouldn\'t viewComponents also be able to be constructed using this function? If this is not the case, we can always introduce a simple `fluid.component` wrapper (with the viewComponent as a subcomponent) and reconstruct it.
2018-03-23T10:24:36 <georgitodorov> Also, if you have any comments or suggestions about our current implementation, they will be greatly appreciated.
2018-03-23T10:26:30 <Bosmon> Hi georgitodorov - I thought that only the options distributor would be constructed using fluid.construct
2018-03-23T10:26:39 <Bosmon> And that one doesn\'t need to be a viewComponent
2018-03-23T10:28:50 <Bosmon> Yes, the annoyance with the "container" option and free construction is well-known and is resolved in the upcoming framework release....
2018-03-23T10:29:48 <Bosmon> Your "distributed: true" hack is worrisome :)
2018-03-23T10:29:52 <Bosmon> What causes the recursion?
2018-03-23T10:30:16 <Bosmon> Somehow you seem to be trying to construct the component on top of an existing one
2018-03-23T10:30:26 <Bosmon> The idea is that you construct it as a child
2018-03-23T10:30:45 <Bosmon> "    fluid.construct(fluid.pathForComponent(that), {" - this will construct the component on top of the current one, obliterating it
2018-03-23T10:30:51 <Bosmon> Which I guess is the cause of the recursion?
2018-03-23T10:37:48 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-23T10:39:14 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Well, the recursion comes from the "onCreate.distributeMessages" listener which is fired again after the component is reconstructed
2018-03-23T10:40:27 <georgitodorov> So we should create the distributor component dynamically without it being defined as a subcomponent?
2018-03-23T10:42:38 <georgitodorov> Perhaps we can have that messageBundles grade which will have the distributor as a subcomponent which will be created in an onCreate listener
2018-03-23T10:57:47 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T10:57:47 * ShadX__ has quit
2018-03-23T11:05:26 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - yes, the distributor should be separate from the component which fabricates the distributor!
2018-03-23T11:19:06 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-23T11:22:44 * ashish__ has quit
2018-03-23T11:24:21 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-23T11:25:40 <hagerhosny19> is there any way to know if  you\'re accepted or not before april 23 ?
2018-03-23T11:31:39 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I tried what you suggested and it works for the main process
2018-03-23T11:32:09 <georgitodorov> For the renderer this approach somehow does not work...And everything is almost the same
2018-03-23T11:33:08 <Justin_o> hagerhosny19: I don\'t think so. It\'s not official until GSoC makes the announcement.
2018-03-23T11:33:35 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I mean, the distributor is created as a subcomponent somewhere in the tree and the distribute options are present. The target is looked up using / (from the root) but they are not found...
2018-03-23T11:34:46 <hagerhosny19> Justin_o: i don\'t know that it\'s not official ,thanks
2018-03-23T11:53:26 <Bosmon> Hi georgitodorov - do you want to check in and I could investigate?
2018-03-23T11:53:53 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Sure, just a minute
2018-03-23T11:54:28 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Are there any restrictions on looking up a component using the / from a subcomponent?
2018-03-23T11:58:43 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-23T11:58:55 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-23T11:58:55 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-23T11:58:55 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-23T11:59:07 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-23T11:59:25 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I have just pushed to GPII-2894-distributed: https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/GPII-2894-distributed/src/common/messageBundles.js#L139
2018-03-23T12:04:21 * amatas has quit
2018-03-23T12:04:40 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - thanks, I\'ll take a look
2018-03-23T12:04:45 <Justin_o> gtirloni: I was trying to update the vagrant box for Infusion and it returned a 404 error
2018-03-23T12:04:55 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - no, "{/ " expressions should hit all components in the process
2018-03-23T12:05:41 <gtirloni> Justin_o: let me check. I updated our CI node like that yesterday
2018-03-23T12:06:04 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks
2018-03-23T12:08:53 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-23T12:09:19 <gtirloni> Justin_o: it seems to be working here: https://www.pastery.net/xyqhxz/  -- can you paste the error somewhere?
2018-03-23T12:10:17 * helloagrawal joined the channel
2018-03-23T12:12:11 * helloagrawal has quit
2018-03-23T12:16:36 <gtirloni> Justin_o: i also tried deletiing the box (vagrant box remove inclusivedesign/fedora27) and running `vagrant up` again: https://www.pastery.net/drewyu/
2018-03-23T12:18:21 <gtirloni> Justin_o: you could try removing vagrant\'s directory too..   ~/.vagrant.d
2018-03-23T12:18:32 <gtirloni> (but then you have to download all boxes again)
2018-03-23T12:19:05 <Bosmon> Hi georgitodorov - I am trying out the branch but I can\'t get the main PSP dialog to come up at all
2018-03-23T12:19:34 <Bosmon> I start it up, and if I key in, I get a survey dialog, but after that, I just have an empty dialog showing the GPII logo
2018-03-23T12:20:05 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: That\'s weird...On my machine everything except for the labels show up
2018-03-23T12:20:24 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-23T12:20:25 <Justin_o> gtirloni: this is the error i\'m getting
2018-03-23T12:20:39 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Can you open the dev tools for the PSP to see if there are any errors?
2018-03-23T12:20:43 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/qD47yqKq/
2018-03-23T12:21:02 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i\'ll try removing it and running the command again
2018-03-23T12:21:09 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - I wasn\'t aware that was possible
2018-03-23T12:21:11 <Bosmon> How can I do it :)
2018-03-23T12:21:35 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Ctrl + Shift + i when the focus is on the PSP window
2018-03-23T12:21:40 <Bosmon> wow
2018-03-23T12:21:54 <gtirloni> Justin_o: i think that\'s the error we saw sometime ago (where vagrant changed their URLs). which version of vagrant do you have? i\'ve been testing on 2.0.3
2018-03-23T12:22:16 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i deleted the box and a did vagrant up and it seems to be downloading now.
2018-03-23T12:22:21 <Bosmon> georgitodorov thanks very much
2018-03-23T12:22:30 <Justin_o> gtirloni: my vagrant is 2.0.1
2018-03-23T12:22:31 <Bosmon> Embarrassingly I had introduced a syntax error into one of the renderer files :)
2018-03-23T12:22:49 <gtirloni> Justin_o: https://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/architecture/2018-February/004745.html
'

