b'2018-09-12T20:06:16 <avtar> i\'m adding image transcript pages to my pr and then it should be ready for review
2018-09-12T20:06:17 <sepidehshahi> hi simonjb
2018-09-12T20:06:20 <simonjb> is there anything that I can help with?
2018-09-12T20:07:15 <michelled> I think the review will be super quick
2018-09-12T20:07:20 <michelled> so I can do it
2018-09-12T20:07:47 <simonjb> avtar: awesome, did you see the way that I did it for the session 2 image descriptions?
2018-09-12T20:07:49 <michelled> simonjb: avtar was thinking of trying out netflify cms for the next post we do
2018-09-12T20:08:17 <michelled> so if you had a few cycles, you could look into what that would mean
2018-09-12T20:08:41 <michelled> this will be a bit of trial to see if we can replace our wordpress sites :)
2018-09-12T20:08:43 <avtar> simonjb: yup, michelled provided a link to one of your descriptions
2018-09-12T20:09:29 <simonjb> this one? https://www.netlify.com/
2018-09-12T20:10:40 <simonjb> https://www.netlifycms.org/
2018-09-12T20:10:41 <simonjb> ?
2018-09-12T20:12:16 <simonjb> https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/add-to-your-site/
2018-09-12T20:15:28 <michelled> yeah
2018-09-12T20:15:58 <simonjb> cool
2018-09-12T20:16:29 <michelled> I\'m under the impression that the work you did to convert to hugo was the first step
2018-09-12T20:16:38 <michelled> but I haven\'t looked at this deeply
2018-09-12T20:17:09 <michelled> "You can use it with any static site generator to create faster, more flexible web projects."
2018-09-12T20:17:36 <simonjb> https://github.com/netlify/netlify-cms
2018-09-12T20:19:18 <simonjb> it\'ll be interesting to see how its git commit workflow works with our repo permissions
2018-09-12T20:22:05 <simonjb> looks like they have 2 options -- commit to a branch (default master) or an "editorial workflow" https://www.netlifycms.org/docs/configuration-options/#publish-mode
2018-09-12T20:22:52 <simonjb> do we have any experience with netlify cms yet? or would this be our first experiment?
2018-09-12T20:23:03 <simonjb> michelled, avtar ^
2018-09-12T20:23:23 <michelled> this is our first experiment
2018-09-12T20:31:09 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-12T20:40:34 <avtar> michelled, simonjb: https://github.com/inclusive-design/website-cities/pull/23
2018-09-12T20:41:11 <michelled> thx avtar
2018-09-12T20:41:30 * cindyli has quit
2018-09-12T20:41:40 <avtar> i was referring to this doc for transcripts https://docs.google.com/document/d/1l2Cu0utoqbBNmxfve3QIiiTZJ3MZl4Uy3Bkjh99LBkM/edit#heading=h.qu5pqyxoa4qj
2018-09-12T20:45:47 * jhung has quit
2018-09-12T21:00:07 * clown has quit
2018-09-12T21:00:40 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-09-12T21:05:30 * g2szeto has quit
2018-09-12T21:17:25 <michelled> avtar: I made a couple minor comments on the pull request. I\'m wondering if we should pull the alt text about the prototypes out into a caption - they seem useful for people not using screen readers too
2018-09-12T21:18:08 <michelled> having not been at the session, I had no idea of the special tile, for example "Pictured is group \\"Challenging Hedgehog\\" prototype made with Plasticine of a special tile with the function of vibrating and heating the paver."
2018-09-12T21:20:52 <michelled> avtar: what do you think?
2018-09-12T21:21:12 <avtar> michelled: sounds good
2018-09-12T21:24:07 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-12T21:27:57 <avtar> michelled: just to confirm, i\'m going to remove the alt text and only opt for captions
2018-09-12T21:28:14 <avtar> to prevent the same info being read twice by screen readers
2018-09-12T21:28:47 <michelled> avtar: I think you should keep a really brief alt text like \'Challenging Hedgehog prototype"
2018-09-12T21:28:50 <michelled> or something like that
2018-09-12T21:29:03 <avtar> ok
2018-09-12T21:49:58 <avtar> michelled: ready for review
2018-09-12T21:50:18 <michelled> thx
2018-09-12T22:01:08 <michelled> thx avtar - it\'s pushed now
2018-09-12T22:02:40 <michelled> https://cities.inclusivedesign.ca/ideas/co-design-session-3/
2018-09-12T22:07:37 * michelled has quit
2018-09-12T22:22:23 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-12T22:42:30 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-12T23:42:33 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-12T23:43:38 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-12T23:43:49 * jhernandez joined the channel
'

b'2018-09-12T00:26:24 * michelled has quit
2018-09-12T06:45:31 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-09-12T07:02:35 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-12T07:02:55 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-12T07:27:32 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-09-12T08:23:57 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-12T08:54:42 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-12T09:11:24 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-12T12:11:16 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-12T12:17:58 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-12T12:18:05 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-12T12:50:19 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-09-12T12:51:19 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-12T13:00:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-12T13:08:23 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-12T13:12:39 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-12T13:14:03 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-12T13:14:15 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-12T13:16:11 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-12T13:23:04 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-12T13:27:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-12T13:43:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-09-12T13:52:55 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: is this PR good to go, or are you waiting on a stable release of gpii-grunt-lint-all?
2018-09-12T13:52:58 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/930/files
2018-09-12T13:53:40 <the-t-in-rtf> Ideally, yes, we\'d cut with the 1.0.5 release.
2018-09-12T13:54:42 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: okay.. is there an ETA on that? What i\'ve discovered is that our long prepublish tasks are preventing me to publish because i have the 2fa setup and the OTP keeps timing out.
2018-09-12T13:55:06 <the-t-in-rtf> well, I think now that the conference is over we can either get the required time from Dr. Boz or get him to delegate.
2018-09-12T13:55:08 <Justin_o> there\'s only a 30 second window for that, so it\'s a pretty short time. I\'m also going to try to contact NPM about that.
2018-09-12T13:55:25 <the-t-in-rtf> I think he\'s back tomorrow.
2018-09-12T13:55:49 <the-t-in-rtf> but even if you do, don\'t we have another three minutes of tasks?
2018-09-12T13:56:03 <Justin_o> it definitely used to work for me
2018-09-12T13:56:45 <Justin_o> but i don\'t know how much wiggle room we had
2018-09-12T13:57:21 <Justin_o> and not sure why it would work if the time was that long
2018-09-12T13:58:25 <Justin_o> interesting.. if i run it manually, they do put up a second prompt for the OTP, i wonder if i could pass this through to fluid-publish somehow
2018-09-12T13:58:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-09-12T14:00:29 <Justin_o> it\'d probably be better if i could just let npm handle the error and allow for the user prompt. Then we won\'t have to worry about how long our build steps take.
2018-09-12T14:00:30 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: ^
2018-09-12T14:00:53 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, I agree, but I would like to get the build speed up as soon as Boz gets back as well.
2018-09-12T14:01:52 <Justin_o> me too.. in particular for the linting, which we do a lot, would be hugely beneficial.
2018-09-12T14:02:11 <Justin_o> i know some of the devs do the linting on every commit
2018-09-12T14:05:16 <the-t-in-rtf> yes
2018-09-12T14:05:21 <the-t-in-rtf> it really stings
2018-09-12T14:05:27 <the-t-in-rtf> like a minute per commit.
2018-09-12T14:09:31 * jessm joined the channel
2018-09-12T14:15:29 * gtirloni has left the channel
2018-09-12T14:17:57 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-09-12T14:25:05 <stegru> Bosmon, should a solution\'s "IsInstalled" mean "is the solution enabled", or "is the software installed"? (considering IoD)
2018-09-12T14:31:02 <stegru> thanks, cindyli!
2018-09-12T14:31:14 <stegru> for the config thing
2018-09-12T14:32:16 <jhernandez> stegru: isInstalled is only used by the device reporter
2018-09-12T14:32:27 <jhernandez> and means, the solution is installed on the machine
2018-09-12T14:32:34 <stegru> yes ok great
2018-09-12T14:33:12 <jhernandez> at some point in the past we talked about having an "isReady" policy or something that indicates that the solution is ready to be usued
2018-09-12T14:33:18 <stegru> yeh
2018-09-12T14:33:26 <jhernandez> i.e.: nvda needs the ini file to be created in order to be "ready"
2018-09-12T14:33:27 <cindyli> anytime, stegru, btw, Bosmon is away and will be back on Friday
2018-09-12T14:33:43 <stegru> ta
2018-09-12T14:33:59 <stegru> ok, jhernandez
2018-09-12T14:35:09 <jhernandez> stegru: and in addition to that, including something in the solutions registry to make them configurable, "makeConfigurable", which was planned for implementation but not sure whether it happened (or even it has been half implemented) during the last work that kasper did on the lifecycle manager side
2018-09-12T14:35:36 <stegru> ok
2018-09-12T14:36:13 <jhernandez> but I guess you already have what you needed
2018-09-12T14:36:40 <jhernandez> just wanted to share with you the "makeConfigurable" thing
2018-09-12T14:36:45 <jhernandez> :*
2018-09-12T14:37:23 <stegru> the trouble i have, with iod, is if "IsInstalled" is false, then the solution isn\'t used... and therefore it\'s hard to add any install instructions to the solution
2018-09-12T14:38:22 <stegru> so yes, "isReady" would be nice
2018-09-12T14:40:13 <stegru> by the way, jhernandez, I need to discuss PRs related to the installer sometime
2018-09-12T14:40:23 <stegru> not now
2018-09-12T14:40:40 <jhernandez> stegru: yeah, I think we must sit down and talk about the installer at some point
2018-09-12T14:41:30 <jhernandez> we have several things to add into master and some of them only make sense when building from feds-audit-like branches
2018-09-12T14:42:16 <jhernandez> but yeah, we can schedule a meeting at some point at the end of this week or the next one
2018-09-12T14:42:43 <jhernandez> in fact, today I\'ve finished pushing this one https://github.com/GPII/gpii-wix-installer/pull/42/files
2018-09-12T14:43:00 <jhernandez> I actually need to re-check before asking for review
2018-09-12T14:46:27 <stegru> yeh
2018-09-12T14:52:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-09-12T14:53:13 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-12T14:57:08 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-09-12T14:58:47 * colinclark has quit
2018-09-12T14:59:42 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-12T15:14:37 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-12T15:23:09 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-12T15:32:00 * jhung joined the channel
2018-09-12T15:35:04 <jhernandez> dandimitrov: hey
2018-09-12T15:35:07 <jhernandez> quick question
2018-09-12T15:35:35 <jhernandez> regarding the "reset" functionality, is it already in your QSS1.1 branch?
2018-09-12T15:36:23 <jhernandez> I\'m talking about GPII-3302
2018-09-12T15:47:09 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-12T15:50:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-12T16:06:23 <jhernandez> stegru: arch meeting
2018-09-12T16:06:30 <stegru> thanks
2018-09-12T16:06:35 <jhernandez> :*
2018-09-12T16:09:36 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-12T16:18:04 * michelled has quit
2018-09-12T16:26:15 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-09-12T16:28:49 * kasparnet has quit
2018-09-12T16:32:01 <gmoss> Justin_o: do you think you have time today to review my FLOE news article?
2018-09-12T16:43:33 <Justin_o> gmoss: I believe I should
2018-09-12T16:43:51 <gmoss> Justin_o: great, just let me know when and I\'ll send you the link :) thanks!
2018-09-12T16:44:24 <Justin_o> gmoss: please send it along whenever it\'s ready.. I\'ll probably start reviewing it while i wait for CI jobs to run
2018-09-12T16:44:29 <gmoss> actually nm you\'re already granted permissions directly
2018-09-12T16:44:34 <gmoss> check your google account email :)
2018-09-12T16:45:00 <Justin_o> ah it\'s on a google doc
2018-09-12T16:45:04 <gmoss> yeah
2018-09-12T16:45:34 * avtar joined the channel
2018-09-12T16:47:19 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-09-12T16:47:24 <Justin_o> gmoss is the change tracking on?
2018-09-12T16:47:26 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-09-12T16:47:30 <gmoss> it is not
2018-09-12T16:47:32 <gmoss> Justin_o:
2018-09-12T16:47:41 <gmoss> maybe work in suggestion mode?
2018-09-12T16:49:29 <Justin_o> gmoss: it seems you have to change the permissions or the doc to allow for suggestions https://support.google.com/docs/answer/6033474?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en
2018-09-12T17:11:45 <avtar> not sure if everyone\'s seen this https://lincolnloop.com/blog/saying-goodbye-botbotme/
2018-09-12T17:12:03 <avtar> looks like a new irc logging solution will be required :/
2018-09-12T17:13:18 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-09-12T17:14:14 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-09-12T17:14:15 * sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2018-09-12T17:19:48 <Justin_o> avtar: that\'s really sad.. but i guess we could host our own.. although i don\'t know what the GDPR ramifications are.
2018-09-12T17:19:54 <Justin_o> we should at least get our logs though
2018-09-12T17:22:45 <avtar> yup
2018-09-12T17:25:45 <avtar> i guess probably closer to the november date
2018-09-12T17:27:51 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-09-12T17:30:16 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-12T17:53:07 <Justin_o> avtar: i\'m still trying to figure out why my PR is failing https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/931
2018-09-12T17:53:14 <Justin_o> it looks like it is using the correct branch
2018-09-12T17:53:36 <Justin_o> avtar: i wonder if you know if there is a way to see what happens when CI runs "npm install" do you know if i can see the logs for that part
2018-09-12T18:03:28 <avtar> Justin_o: sorry, i was on a call
2018-09-12T18:03:38 <Justin_o> avtar: no worries
2018-09-12T18:11:27 <avtar> i don\'t think there are logs for this https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/provisioning/vars.yml#L16
2018-09-12T18:12:02 <Justin_o> :( it seems that the "prepare" script isn\'t running in CI.. but i\'m not sure why that is
2018-09-12T18:12:08 <Justin_o> avtar: ^
2018-09-12T18:12:15 <Justin_o> was hoping there would be logs to shed some light on that
2018-09-12T18:14:31 <gtirloni> Justin_o: you may want to temporarily add "-vv" to this line https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/Vagrantfile#L72
2018-09-12T18:15:09 <avtar> what that guy said!
2018-09-12T18:15:15 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks, does it matter where the -vv is added?
2018-09-12T18:15:21 <gtirloni> that should show the command output, it\'ll be pretty verbose and all in a single line though (if you copy/paste that into an editor and change all the "\
" by actual newlines, that should be manageable to read)
2018-09-12T18:15:29 <gtirloni> Justin_o: any place after "ansible-playbook"
2018-09-12T18:16:28 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks.. i\'ll give that a try
2018-09-12T18:17:19 <gtirloni> :)
2018-09-12T18:22:20 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-09-12T18:29:25 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting we\'ll be talking with Neil Wilson about The Republic of Childhood: Learning from the Future. The collaborative note taking is at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+%28September+12%2C+2018%29%3A+The+Republic+of+Childhood%3A+Learning+from+the+Future
2018-09-12T18:33:55 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-12T18:34:59 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2018-09-12T18:36:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-09-12T18:37:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-12T18:40:12 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-09-12T18:49:03 * cindyli has quit
2018-09-12T18:59:11 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-12T19:28:54 * jessm has quit
2018-09-12T20:00:35 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-12T20:05:29 <simonjb> hi sepidehshahi and michelled and avtar, I wanted to check in regarding the session 3 summary post for the website
2018-09-12T20:05:50 <avtar> hey simonjb
'

