b'2018-04-03T17:51:08 <gtirloni> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/package.json#L22
2018-04-03T17:51:12 <gtirloni> and then you\'ll see the output
2018-04-03T17:58:14 * amatas_ has quit
2018-04-03T17:58:45 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks, i\'ll test it out
2018-04-03T18:01:16 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-03T18:02:25 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-04-03T18:05:51 <the-t-in-rtf1> @colinclark and @simonjb, firing up my Vidyo room now.
2018-04-03T18:07:41 <colinclark> be a couple minutes late
2018-04-03T18:08:55 <the-t-in-rtf1> cool, I\'ll catch up a little with Simon.
2018-04-03T18:13:30 * michelled has quit
2018-04-03T18:20:22 * cindyli has quit
2018-04-03T18:22:15 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-04-03T18:29:35 * michelled joined the channel
2018-04-03T18:36:23 * kavya joined the channel
2018-04-03T18:43:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-03T18:46:38 * stegru has quit
2018-04-03T18:50:10 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-03T18:54:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-03T18:55:04 <sgithens> Does anyone know if the APCP build of the gpii-app is pulling it\'s solutions from universal master, or a custom branch somewhere?
2018-04-03T19:03:54 <Bosmon7> sgithens - from master
2018-04-03T19:04:01 <Bosmon7> Although not from current master since I just updated it
2018-04-03T19:04:13 <Bosmon7> But you can just check the package references down from the current master of gpii-app
2018-04-03T19:04:27 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-03T19:05:40 <sgithens> cool
2018-04-03T19:06:01 <sgithens> Bosmon7 Thanks, I wasn\'t sure if someone had a custom branch of it they were using for the APCP builds
2018-04-03T19:09:37 <Bosmon7> Well, we do, but I don\'t think it differs substantially from master any more
2018-04-03T19:09:46 <Bosmon7> Certainly not on details like that
2018-04-03T19:14:15 * stegru joined the channel
2018-04-03T19:17:16 <sgithens> Bosmon7 on a tangent, during the PCP API work, or in the course of it, we determined that every application specific setting must be defined in the solutions document correct?
2018-04-03T19:17:54 <Bosmon7> sgithens - "must be" === "in due course", yes
2018-04-03T19:18:51 <sgithens> I have this situation in the PPT, that some of the preferences in universal, such as the RWG ones, (davey.json, david.json) have RWG prefs in their sets that aren\'t actually listed in the RWG solution registry entry.  So I\'m wondering if I should:
2018-04-03T19:19:02 <sgithens> 1) Still list them, but highlighted as not in the solutions reg document
2018-04-03T19:19:21 <sgithens> 2) Flag the pref set as just invalid with a reason
2018-04-03T19:19:25 <sgithens> or something else
2018-04-03T19:19:48 <sgithens> it\'s supposed to be an advanced tool, so I don\'t necessarily want to just delete the extra ones on save or anything
2018-04-03T19:20:30 <sgithens> but even if you did, as you say in due course, the matchmaker would just ignore the extra ones that aren\'t listed in the solutions registry if it were to be tried to be used in action
2018-04-03T19:21:28 <sgithens> I\'m thinking for now I should maybe still list them, but heavily highlighted with warning icons
2018-04-03T19:25:57 <sgithens> actually, this is the case with the large majority of our testData prefsets with product settings
2018-04-03T19:26:11 <sgithens> most of them haven\'t been added to the solutions regsitry yet
2018-04-03T19:28:00 <sgithens> Bosmon7 Do you know if there is a jira ticket yet for this?  Throwing out settings from a users prefset if they aren\'t explicity listed in the solutions document?  I imagine this may be part of the work I need to do for the matchmaker if it isn\'t happening already.
2018-04-03T19:29:47 <Bosmon7> sgithens - I\'m not convinced we have a JIRA about that
2018-04-03T19:29:55 <Bosmon7> It\'s important that we dig out our notes from that meeting series
2018-04-03T19:30:12 <Bosmon7> At least, unlike in the old days, we can be assured that they still exist somewhere
2018-04-03T19:30:16 <sgithens> Bosmon7 Are they in a piratepad?
2018-04-03T19:30:19 <Bosmon7> yes
2018-04-03T19:45:01 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-03T19:51:26 * gtirloni has quit
2018-04-03T20:12:13 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-04-03T20:15:15 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-03T20:18:29 * danayo has quit
2018-04-03T20:19:33 * kavya has quit
2018-04-03T20:24:24 * cindyli has quit
2018-04-03T20:43:25 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-03T20:56:54 * danayo joined the channel
2018-04-03T21:04:44 * clown has quit
2018-04-03T21:18:31 * simonjb has quit
2018-04-03T21:50:19 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-04-03T21:56:17 * michelled has quit
2018-04-03T22:09:04 * janardan has quit
2018-04-03T22:09:29 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-03T23:01:35 * stegru has quit
2018-04-03T23:11:55 * danayo has quit
2018-04-03T23:24:14 * amatas has quit
'

b'2018-04-03T00:02:12 * michelled has quit
2018-04-03T00:14:07 * shreyJ joined the channel
2018-04-03T00:16:56 * shreyJ has left the channel
2018-04-03T00:25:24 * stegru joined the channel
2018-04-03T01:37:34 * stegru has quit
2018-04-03T03:19:37 * danayo joined the channel
2018-04-03T03:36:52 * danayo has quit
2018-04-03T04:15:10 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-03T04:37:09 * kavya has quit
2018-04-03T04:55:38 * jessm has quit
2018-04-03T05:22:31 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-03T05:26:36 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-03T05:31:01 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-03T06:44:21 * amatas joined the channel
2018-04-03T07:29:12 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-04-03T07:41:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-03T08:13:31 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-04-03T08:23:18 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-03T08:30:44 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-04-03T08:31:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-03T08:48:01 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-04-03T08:48:01 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-03T09:30:40 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-04-03T09:43:07 * amatas_ has quit
2018-04-03T09:43:29 * Bosmon7 has quit
2018-04-03T09:44:24 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-04-03T10:08:49 * stegru joined the channel
2018-04-03T10:10:01 * gtirloni has quit
2018-04-03T10:58:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-03T11:01:44 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-04-03T11:41:37 * amatas_ has quit
2018-04-03T11:51:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-04-03T12:04:13 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-03T12:07:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-03T12:28:16 <dandimitrov> Hey, Bosmon7! Regarding the context problem, having a grade that goes trough all options and fixes their context if needed sounds great, but when should this mechanism be triggered :?
2018-04-03T12:29:48 <dandimitrov> Running a recontextualising function with onCreate seem to be too late in case we have modelRelay or some other logic happening sooner (before component\'s creation finishes) :/
2018-04-03T12:45:31 <dandimitrov> Bosmon ^
2018-04-03T12:48:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-04-03T12:51:04 * jhung joined the channel
2018-04-03T12:53:13 * michelled joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:10:29 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:15:14 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:20:15 * clown joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:27:02 * clown1 joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:28:18 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:28:55 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:30:17 * clown has quit
2018-04-03T13:30:58 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:33:53 * yuriy has quit
2018-04-03T13:34:45 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:38:09 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-04-03T13:39:39 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:41:43 * clown1 has quit
2018-04-03T13:51:58 * ShadX__ joined the channel
2018-04-03T13:51:58 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-04-03T13:54:49 <jhung> fluid-everyone: design crit begins in 5 minutes. Today we are talking about the ILDH restructuring.
2018-04-03T13:56:23 * ShadX__ has quit
2018-04-03T14:00:00 * simonjb has quit
2018-04-03T14:00:29 * danayo joined the channel
2018-04-03T14:03:57 * kavya joined the channel
2018-04-03T14:04:07 * clown joined the channel
2018-04-03T14:04:20 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2018-04-03T14:04:53 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-03T14:05:16 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-03T14:05:29 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-04-03T14:07:07 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-04-03T14:16:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-04-03T14:16:51 * jessm joined the channel
2018-04-03T14:19:57 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-04-03T15:02:17 <Justin_o> michelled: when is the planning meeting?
2018-04-03T15:02:18 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will be at 11:15
2018-04-03T15:02:22 <Justin_o> thanks :)
2018-04-03T15:02:25 <michelled> :)
2018-04-03T15:15:26 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning is starting soon
2018-04-03T15:32:14 * kavya has quit
2018-04-03T15:33:25 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-04-03T15:34:44 * yuriy has quit
2018-04-03T15:35:45 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-03T15:45:40 * jhernandez has quit
2018-04-03T15:45:53 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-04-03T15:47:48 * clown_mtg has quit
2018-04-03T15:49:18 * simonjb has quit
2018-04-03T16:05:01 * danayo has quit
2018-04-03T16:22:51 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-03T16:23:27 * clown joined the channel
2018-04-03T16:24:41 <Justin_o> gtirloni: hello... so the test i mentioned in the planning meeting is still failing in the vagrant box
2018-04-03T16:25:09 <Justin_o> i believe it is because that test requires the css files that are created from building the stylus files
2018-04-03T16:25:49 <Justin_o> the stylus generation has been run on the local machine, so the test passes, but if i watch the tests run, i can see that the styles haven\'t been applied in the failing test
2018-04-03T16:26:18 <gtirloni> is it failing in CI or just your local vagrant box?
2018-04-03T16:26:52 <gtirloni> in other words, how can i reproduce it here
2018-04-03T16:26:53 <Justin_o> this is the test on the build site that i\'m referring too https://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/tests/framework-tests/preferences/html/SeparatedPanelPrefsEditorResponsive-test.html
2018-04-03T16:27:00 <Justin_o> not sure about ci, i\'ll go take a look
2018-04-03T16:27:58 <Justin_o> gtirloni: it seems that the VM couldn\'t even be built on CI https://buildkite.com/fluid-project/fluid-infusion/builds/166#52fa9dbc-db86-4f10-8191-ebabf5a3b522
2018-04-03T16:28:25 <gtirloni> interesting, failing on npm install
2018-04-03T16:31:05 <Justin_o> gtirloni: actually the vagrant up might have failed for me too and i just didn\'t notice. I\'ve destroyed the VM and trying again
2018-04-03T16:32:55 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-04-03T16:35:38 <gtirloni> the output is a bit hard to read because ansible sticks all lines in a json object. if you look for "JSDoc", it might be that, I\'m not sure
2018-04-03T16:35:58 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-03T16:36:46 <gtirloni> "npm run buildDists && npm run buildStylus" failed
2018-04-03T16:39:41 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-03T16:39:48 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yes, i just saw that too and i think it is related to the jsdoc linting failing
2018-04-03T16:40:09 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf1: is the required jsdoc syntax documented somewhere?
2018-04-03T16:41:50 * danayo joined the channel
2018-04-03T16:45:04 * jhernandez has quit
2018-04-03T16:51:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-03T16:59:21 * simonjb has quit
2018-04-03T17:03:40 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-04-03T17:04:08 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2018-04-03T17:07:28 <the-t-in-rtf1> The meaning of the individual rules is, just a sec.
2018-04-03T17:07:50 <the-t-in-rtf1> Here are all the options: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/valid-jsdoc
2018-04-03T17:07:56 <Justin_o> gtirloni: so that was the issue.. i guess i hadn\'t run npm install in a while to so didn\'t get the new linting config for jsDocs.. I\'ve updated now, fixed the jsdoc linting issues and things are all working now
2018-04-03T17:08:01 <Justin_o> in vagrant and ci
2018-04-03T17:08:18 <gtirloni> awesome, glad it worked!
2018-04-03T17:08:24 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf1: thanks
2018-04-03T17:08:59 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-03T17:09:12 <the-t-in-rtf1> Here are the rules we use: https://github.com/the-t-in-rtf/eslint-config-fluid/blob/FLUID-6247/.eslintrc.json#L108
2018-04-03T17:10:02 * janardan joined the channel
2018-04-03T17:10:04 <the-t-in-rtf1> That pull still needs to be merged, but I guess there\'s a dev release?
2018-04-03T17:10:05 <the-t-in-rtf1> https://github.com/fluid-project/eslint-config-fluid
2018-04-03T17:10:26 <the-t-in-rtf1> I can\'t cut those, so you\'d have to ask @Bosmon to confirm.
2018-04-03T17:10:28 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf1: is there a specific reason for @return vs @returns or we just picked one to be consistent
2018-04-03T17:10:50 <the-t-in-rtf1> I prefer the latter, but we had use @return more consistently to date.
2018-04-03T17:10:57 <the-t-in-rtf1> used.
2018-04-03T17:11:12 <Justin_o> ah okay
2018-04-03T17:11:34 <the-t-in-rtf1> You can see the full discussion here: https://github.com/fluid-project/eslint-config-fluid
2018-04-03T17:11:43 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-04-03T17:12:12 <the-t-in-rtf1> For some things (like section headings) we just said that you need to be consistent within a single file.
2018-04-03T17:13:55 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf1: looks like we are using a dev release. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/package.json#L41
2018-04-03T17:14:04 <Justin_o> which sort of makes me wonder why the PR isn\'t just merged
2018-04-03T17:14:18 <Justin_o> unless adding the dev release was an accident
2018-04-03T17:14:32 <Justin_o> adding it to infusion\'s package.json that is
2018-04-03T17:15:08 <the-t-in-rtf1> I think it should have been done in the other order, merge the config change, release, then merge the related fluid pull.
2018-04-03T17:15:29 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf1: yes, i think that\'s what happened. it came from this commit https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/commit/0e09732fbaa50bb91255ad003b9799de13e268d7
2018-04-03T17:15:31 <the-t-in-rtf1> but it\'s easy enough to clean up.
2018-04-03T17:15:37 <Justin_o> yep
2018-04-03T17:16:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: can this be merged https://github.com/fluid-project/eslint-config-fluid/pull/3
2018-04-03T17:16:36 <Justin_o> seems that it\'s already being used in Infusion
2018-04-03T17:16:41 <the-t-in-rtf1> He\'s out today.
2018-04-03T17:16:45 <the-t-in-rtf1> or at least mostly out.
2018-04-03T17:16:50 <Justin_o> ah okay
2018-04-03T17:16:53 <Justin_o> thanks
2018-04-03T17:17:30 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-03T17:25:01 * kasparnet has quit
2018-04-03T17:25:18 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-04-03T17:38:24 * stegru has quit
2018-04-03T17:43:06 * stegru joined the channel
2018-04-03T17:47:30 <gtirloni> Justin_o: PR addressing that monstrous error output you got: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/893
2018-04-03T17:49:20 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks :)
2018-04-03T17:49:28 <Justin_o> gtirloni: what\'s the best way to test that?
2018-04-03T17:51:05 <gtirloni> if you add "&& exit 1" to the end of this line, all hell should break loose
'

