b'2018-09-19T00:40:55 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-19T01:43:19 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-19T01:43:40 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-19T02:15:03 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-19T03:06:16 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-19T03:25:13 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-19T04:07:54 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-09-19T04:15:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-19T05:15:38 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-09-19T05:19:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-09-19T06:27:52 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-09-19T07:40:25 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-09-19T09:30:09 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-09-19T09:30:29 * kasparnet has quit
2018-09-19T10:37:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-09-19T11:42:08 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-09-19T11:43:48 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-09-19T12:23:42 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-09-19T12:39:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-19T12:55:57 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-19T13:00:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-09-19T13:09:04 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-09-19T13:10:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-09-19T13:13:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-19T13:15:56 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-19T13:18:05 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-19T13:22:06 <simonjb> hi sepidehshahi, was wondering where I can best help today
2018-09-19T13:23:20 <simonjb> and it\'s tomorrow that we are doing setup at 307?
2018-09-19T13:23:33 <sepidehshahi> Hi simonjb, we have a meeting with PARC at 12:30. before and after that meeting we willbe going through the collected data to write reports for the previous co-design sessions
2018-09-19T13:24:03 <sepidehshahi> yes tomorrow morning we will be setting up for Friday
2018-09-19T13:24:26 <simonjb> is the report writing something that I can help with?
2018-09-19T13:25:05 <simonjb> there\'s some web site styling issues I can also work on, but that\'s not urgent
2018-09-19T13:44:49 * avtar joined the channel
2018-09-19T13:54:14 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-09-19T14:00:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-09-19T14:26:42 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-19T14:54:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-19T15:11:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-19T15:19:24 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-19T15:28:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-19T15:29:33 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-09-19T15:34:14 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2018-09-19T15:44:43 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-19T15:51:25 <stegru> Justin_o, I\'ve given you a piece of work - let me know if you need anything else
2018-09-19T15:59:28 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-09-19T16:02:21 <the-t-in-rtf> who\'s opening the room?
2018-09-19T16:02:32 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: can\'t open it (again)
2018-09-19T16:02:36 <jhernandez> can you?
2018-09-19T16:02:42 <the-t-in-rtf> sure thing.
2018-09-19T16:02:54 <jhernandez> awesome!
2018-09-19T16:03:10 <clown> the-t-in-rtf holds the key.
2018-09-19T16:28:07 <Justin_o> stegru: looking at https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3386 you\'d like changing zoom via the browser directly to update UIO+?
2018-09-19T16:29:01 <stegru> that would be good.. currently, the qss sends the keyboard (or mouse?) commands
2018-09-19T16:29:26 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-09-19T16:30:16 <Justin_o> stegru: would you be able to send the value to UIO+ or you want QSS to work without UIO+ there?
2018-09-19T16:31:47 <stegru> both :)
2018-09-19T16:32:13 <Justin_o> stegru: okay
2018-09-19T16:33:02 <Justin_o> stegru: also looks like UIO+ currently supports a different range of values that the browser
2018-09-19T16:33:08 <Justin_o> stegru: what range do you use in QSS?
2018-09-19T16:33:27 <stegru> whatever ctrl + provides, Justin_o
2018-09-19T16:33:40 <Justin_o> stegru: okay, so you\'d want the full range from the browser
2018-09-19T16:34:01 <Justin_o> stegru: lastly, when is this change needed for?
2018-09-19T16:34:15 <stegru> well, I\'m currently in the guts of UIO+.. I\'ve noticed chrome gives a "on zoom event", so I\'m going to see if I can make UIO+ update itself
2018-09-19T16:34:52 <Justin_o> hopefully it won\'t run into a continuous loop
2018-09-19T16:35:15 <Justin_o> although I think the changeApplier would prevent that
2018-09-19T16:39:59 <Justin_o> stegru: i believe the browser zoom allows for different zooms per tab. But making this change would force them to all be the same. Having the browser separate is a nice way to allow for one-off customizations of the zoom.
2018-09-19T16:40:12 <Justin_o> although allowing the keyboard interactions to change UIO+ is a nice shortcut.
2018-09-19T16:40:12 * avtar joined the channel
2018-09-19T16:40:17 <Justin_o> and something users already know about
2018-09-19T16:40:25 <stegru> I literally just realised that
2018-09-19T17:00:31 <Justin_o> gmoss: did you need to pair up for the FLUID-6300 work. I should be able to make some time before the community meeting
2018-09-19T17:01:40 <gmoss> Justin_o: that would be great. I\'m on my way in right now, eta about 1:30
2018-09-19T17:01:57 <Justin_o> okay we can pair up when you get in
2018-09-19T17:02:00 <Justin_o> gmoss: ^
2018-09-19T17:34:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-19T17:46:38 <gmoss> Justin_o: ready whenever you are! :)
2018-09-19T17:46:54 <Justin_o> gmoss: sure, just be a couple minutes
2018-09-19T18:03:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-19T18:05:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-19T18:19:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-19T18:24:57 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-19T18:28:27 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting Nicole Comforto will be talking about Connecting Offline Learners to the World\'s Knowledge. The collaborative note taking will be at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+%28September+19%2C+2018%29%3A+Connecting+Offline+Learners+to+the+World%27s+Knowledge
2018-09-19T18:48:52 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-09-19T19:03:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-19T19:09:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-19T19:27:02 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-09-19T19:37:25 <cindyli> Bosmon: thanks for the comment on GPII-3378 pull request about verifying tests locally. I wonder what\'s wrong with eventLog tests. it fails more often on CI these days. probably related to the CI load? another interesting thing is, if i only ran "node gpii/node_modules/eventLog/test/all-tests.js" locally, all tests in it always fail. but if i run it as a part of tests/all-tests.js, it will pass. i cannot tell why by looking at its co
2018-09-19T19:37:25 <cindyli> de
2018-09-19T19:38:49 <Bosmon> Any ideas, stegru?
2018-09-19T19:39:40 <stegru> not immediately
2018-09-19T19:40:37 <stegru> cindyli, can you point me to an example where it fails?
2018-09-19T19:41:06 <cindyli> stegru: https://ci.gpii.net/job/universal-node-tests/1077/consoleFull
2018-09-19T19:41:11 <cindyli> search for "fail:"
2018-09-19T19:41:42 <stegru> also, perhaps it fails when running standalone because it expects other things to be loaded
2018-09-19T19:41:42 <cindyli> remove the ending colon -> "fail"
2018-09-19T19:42:00 <cindyli> i see. that\'s why it passes with tests/all-tests.js
2018-09-19T19:42:19 <stegru> 18:50:11.302:  FATAL ERROR: Uncaught exception: eventLog uncaught exception logging test
2018-09-19T19:42:26 <stegru> is that the failure?
2018-09-19T19:42:48 <stegru> it\'s not a fail, it\'s testing the logging of an uncaught exception
2018-09-19T19:43:23 <stegru> hence:
2018-09-19T19:43:24 <stegru> 18:50:11.337:  jq: Test concluded - Module "gpii.tests.eventLog" Test name "Uncaught exception test": 5/5 passed - PASS
2018-09-19T19:43:46 <cindyli> ah ah
2018-09-19T19:44:29 <stegru> yes, I always see that "error" and think "la shi!"
2018-09-19T19:46:39 <cindyli> what a nice and improper translation
2018-09-19T19:47:01 <stegru> thank you!
2018-09-19T19:47:04 <cindyli> thanks to google translate
2018-09-19T19:47:21 <stegru> actually, i remembered it from last time
2018-09-19T19:48:16 <cindyli> thanks to your amazing memory. i cannot stop laughing every time it pops up
2018-09-19T19:48:52 <stegru> it\'s quite natural, most people do it daily
2018-09-19T19:49:33 <cindyli> so awkward as i\'m sitting in the community meeting. \xe6\x81\xa8\xe4\xbd\xa0
2018-09-19T19:52:50 <stegru> ;)
2018-09-19T19:56:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-19T19:57:48 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf: I\'ve seen the github emails flying, but did you mention there was an npm release of the linting stuff for me to try using that still runs through all the file types if there is a failure in an earlier one?
2018-09-19T20:04:37 <cindyli> Bosmon, stegru, the failed CI i pasted fails at this debounce test - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/tests/shared/UserLogonRequestTestDefs.js#L281
2018-09-19T20:04:49 <cindyli> it should be related to the CI load
2018-09-19T20:05:46 <stegru> yes, I got this yesterday too... it passed on the 3rd time (and swept it under the rug)
2018-09-19T20:05:49 <cindyli> the test runs so slow that this debounce test meant to wait 100ms, but when it actually reaches the rule check, 3500ms must have passed
2018-09-19T20:12:36 * simonjb has quit
2018-09-19T20:14:43 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-19T20:22:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-09-19T20:26:37 <the-t-in-rtf> @sgithens, there is a dev release ("npm info gpii-grunt-lint-all versions"), but we\'re still working on the PR for the full release.
2018-09-19T20:56:45 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-19T22:39:26 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - what\'s left?
2018-09-19T23:50:21 * stegru has quit
2018-09-19T23:55:08 * stegru joined the channel
'

