b"2018-08-20T18:34:03 <Bosmon> Looks great, I hadn't realised we weren't already using it : P
2018-08-20T18:34:22 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-08-20T18:35:19 * simonjb has quit
2018-08-20T18:37:50 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-20T18:38:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks.. it's hard to keep track of all these things across all of our repos. Interestingly I thought we had been linting the MD files already until I added this and found a bunch of things we needed to change.. i guess it had just been the docs we linted last time
2018-08-20T19:43:33 <sgithens> Justin_o : Truly there are a lot of repos
2018-08-20T20:08:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-20T20:23:55 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-20T20:26:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-20T20:27:06 * cindyli has quit
2018-08-20T20:34:23 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-20T20:36:42 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-08-20T22:50:50 * danayo_ has quit
2018-08-20T22:55:31 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-20T22:58:54 * danayo has quit
2018-08-20T23:48:50 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-20T23:49:09 * danayo has quit
"

b'2018-08-20T01:13:51 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-20T04:18:17 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-20T04:18:18 * danayo has quit
2018-08-20T07:12:45 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-08-20T12:47:01 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-20T13:07:34 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-08-20T13:09:27 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-20T13:10:49 <the-t-in-rtf> @stegru, is your new INI handler case-sensitive?
2018-08-20T13:11:00 <stegru> yes, the-t-in-rtf
2018-08-20T13:11:16 <the-t-in-rtf> I ask because in testing I discovered that all of our "options.X" examples for Jaws would never actually work with a real JAWS instance.
2018-08-20T13:11:34 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. it had to literally be "Options.X" to write an [Options] block.
2018-08-20T13:11:48 <the-t-in-rtf> as long as that hasn\'t changed, I\'m fine.
2018-08-20T13:11:48 <stegru> ok, I see what you mean
2018-08-20T13:12:07 <the-t-in-rtf> JAWS is case sensitive.
2018-08-20T13:12:29 <the-t-in-rtf> I just figured out that my universal branch tests were broken because the close conflicting tests still used the lowercase.
2018-08-20T13:12:48 <the-t-in-rtf> Just wanted to make sure there wasn\'t some new behaviour.
2018-08-20T13:13:22 <stegru> I\'m pretty sure the ini file stuff was always case-sensitive - that is, I didn\'t see any case-related code
2018-08-20T13:13:45 <the-t-in-rtf> Yeah, seems like it\'d have to be.
2018-08-20T13:13:56 <the-t-in-rtf> The thing is we never actually tested the settings, so we didn\'t know we had the wrong case.
2018-08-20T13:14:03 <the-t-in-rtf> we\'ll get into that a bit down the road...  ;)
2018-08-20T13:14:10 <stegru> yeh
2018-08-20T13:15:12 <the-t-in-rtf> It took me forever to track it down because it\'s like the third of fifty test suites and always scrolled out of the buffer before the test results appeared.
2018-08-20T13:15:32 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m going to go rub my nose in the CI logs, I bet they have it... :(
2018-08-20T13:15:40 <the-t-in-rtf> bad developer!
2018-08-20T13:16:22 <stegru> pipe to the "tee" command ;)
2018-08-20T13:16:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-20T13:17:37 <the-t-in-rtf> it would have to be named "tee"
2018-08-20T13:18:27 <the-t-in-rtf> yep, it was in the murderously slow "full log" view.
2018-08-20T13:19:12 <stegru> oh, I think there\'s a call with the JAWs company later this week - I think it\'s about the onboarding of that and ZoomText. If you\'re interested, speak with gregg or javjarfer[m]
2018-08-20T13:19:22 <the-t-in-rtf> like how much later?
2018-08-20T13:19:33 <stegru> friday, could be evening
2018-08-20T13:19:51 <the-t-in-rtf> well, given it\'s in theory my top priority, I guess I should at least chat with @javjarfer[m]
2018-08-20T13:20:41 <javjarfer[m]> hi stegru , the-t-in-rtf , yes the meetings is Friday, August 24
2018-08-20T13:20:42 <javjarfer[m]> 4:00 \xe2\x80\x93 5:30pm
2018-08-20T13:20:52 <the-t-in-rtf> oh, one of THOSE.
2018-08-20T13:21:04 <the-t-in-rtf> What\'s the scope?
2018-08-20T13:21:21 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, if I\'m already onboarding JAWS settings, should I attend, or just brief some poor fool.
2018-08-20T13:21:25 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean close colleague...
2018-08-20T13:21:40 <the-t-in-rtf> talented guitar player....
2018-08-20T13:21:54 <the-t-in-rtf> all round nice guy...
2018-08-20T13:22:26 <stegru> I have zero knowledge of jaws, so I\'m dodging it
2018-08-20T13:22:27 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I have probably added close to 150 new JAWS settings in my branch.
2018-08-20T13:23:44 <the-t-in-rtf> we had like six before.
2018-08-20T13:23:54 <stegru> wow
2018-08-20T13:23:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-20T13:24:10 <the-t-in-rtf> "he\'s a good man... and thorough"
2018-08-20T13:24:30 <the-t-in-rtf> I spent a week or two with their docs and ticking every available option.
2018-08-20T13:25:10 <stegru> welcome to the onboarding team
2018-08-20T13:25:17 <the-t-in-rtf> welcome to flavor country.
2018-08-20T13:25:47 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I can come home before the last meeting and take it from here.   Who\'s organizing, @javjarfer[m]?
2018-08-20T13:25:54 <stegru> you might want to tell gregg what you know, he could be asking them for more information - since you may already have it
2018-08-20T13:26:11 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, it\'s a bit funny, my one meeting with him is only tangentially related.
2018-08-20T13:26:20 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'ll ask Sandra about it in our one-on-one in an hour.
2018-08-20T13:26:24 <the-t-in-rtf> Figure she should have SOME idea.
2018-08-20T13:26:38 <the-t-in-rtf> or should be able to bug Gregg on my behalf.
2018-08-20T13:27:11 <stegru> yep
2018-08-20T13:51:15 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-20T13:56:41 <javjarfer[m]> the-t-in-rtf:  the meeting is organized by Gregg, we will meet with Glen Gordon and other people from VFO group
2018-08-20T14:00:42 <javjarfer[m]> the scope is to follow several questions about JAWS and ZoomText onboarding, regarding to features they consider more important, ways to interact with their software, etc
2018-08-20T14:01:57 <javjarfer[m]> It should be a more detailed explanation of several questions that we have for they, and that Glen answered in a email, I think I can find it and forward it to you the-t-in-rtf if you want
2018-08-20T14:02:32 <the-t-in-rtf> that would be helpful, thanks
2018-08-20T14:02:44 <the-t-in-rtf> Not trying to talk my way into a friday afternoon meeting unless I\'m needed.
2018-08-20T14:03:12 <the-t-in-rtf> by that time on Friday my concentration is not awesome, I\'m usually playing basslines along to meetings.
2018-08-20T14:03:34 <the-t-in-rtf> all of you sound much cooler and/or suspenseful with the right backing track.
2018-08-20T14:18:17 <Justin_o> cindyli: I have a small Infusion PR. Would you be able to review it? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/922
2018-08-20T14:25:31 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2018-08-20T14:29:54 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I have just pushed our latest changes to the `feature/QSS` branch
2018-08-20T14:30:48 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - awesome, thanks
2018-08-20T14:31:30 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2018-08-20T14:32:28 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-08-20T14:44:32 <javjarfer[m]> > <@freenode_the-t-in-rtf:matrix.org> that would be helpful, thanks
2018-08-20T14:44:33 <javjarfer[m]> yw!
2018-08-20T15:00:45 <the-t-in-rtf> anyone familiar with the new languages work, I\'m getting test failures in universal related to undefined language settings.
2018-08-20T15:01:08 <the-t-in-rtf> The windows integration tests, I mean.
2018-08-20T15:01:19 <the-t-in-rtf> "com.microsoft.windows.language": [
2018-08-20T15:01:19 <the-t-in-rtf> {
2018-08-20T15:01:19 <the-t-in-rtf> "settings": {
2018-08-20T15:01:19 <the-t-in-rtf> "PreferredUILanguages": undefined
2018-08-20T15:01:19 <the-t-in-rtf> }
2018-08-20T15:01:20 <the-t-in-rtf> },
2018-08-20T15:01:20 <the-t-in-rtf> {
2018-08-20T15:01:21 <the-t-in-rtf> "settings": {
2018-08-20T15:01:21 <the-t-in-rtf> "MachinePreferredUILanguages": undefined
2018-08-20T15:01:22 <the-t-in-rtf> }
2018-08-20T15:01:22 <the-t-in-rtf> }
2018-08-20T15:01:23 <the-t-in-rtf> ]
2018-08-20T15:01:34 <the-t-in-rtf> that\'s the actual output, and "en-US" is expected for both.
2018-08-20T15:07:11 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-20T15:13:34 <the-t-in-rtf> I don\'t see the same failures in master, so I figure I clobbered a key setting on the last merge.
2018-08-20T15:17:42 <danayo> hi sepidehshahi, simonjb - wondering if we want to keep our MyL3 meeting time now that GSoC is done? I\xe2\x80\x99d suggest we go back to meeting every 2 weeks - and maybe start up again next week - what do you think?
2018-08-20T15:18:20 <sepidehshahi> that sounds great danayo
2018-08-20T15:19:11 <simonjb> sounds good to me too danayo
2018-08-20T15:19:18 <danayo> great simonjb, sepidehshahi
2018-08-20T15:23:51 <Justin_o> gtirloni: not sure why, but my e-mails to the inclusive design mailing list about tomorrow\'s design crit keep insert a link to the UIO demo.. I don\'t see that link in my sent mail though... I suppose it might be there without any text or something like that. Any thoughts?
2018-08-20T15:25:29 <gtirloni> Justin_o: is that the one right before you mention the start time? https://lists.idrc.ocadu.ca/pipermail/community/2018-August/001190.html
2018-08-20T15:41:34 <cindyli> Bosmon: when you have some time, can you review my pull request that properly implements the noUser keyin - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/653
2018-08-20T15:45:42 <Justin_o> gtirloni: yes
2018-08-20T15:51:11 <gtirloni> Justin_o: super weird, i\'m not aware of anything in the list software that would add that. this is the html: &lt;<A HREF="https://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/demos/uiOptions/">https://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/demos/uiOptions/</A>&gt;
2018-08-20T15:54:26 <Justin_o> gtirloni: okay.. i\'ll assume that it\'s just something buggy with my e-mail client and caused from cutting and pasting.. I suppose it may only be showing up on the Inclusive Design Community list because of the way it exposes links.
2018-08-20T16:01:01 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-20T16:04:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-20T16:18:43 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-20T16:23:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-20T16:23:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-20T16:31:11 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-20T16:48:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-20T16:58:58 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-20T17:02:11 * jhernandez has quit
2018-08-20T17:02:27 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-08-20T17:04:11 <sgithens> cindyli: Do you what the plan is for merging your QSS save work from the feds-audit branch back in to master?
2018-08-20T17:04:44 <sgithens> and until that happens is it pretty clean to merge the feds-audit branch in to my other work to test writing the QSS saves and PPT edits to the same server?
2018-08-20T17:05:30 <cindyli> sgithens: as i rmb, there\'s only one line change in the feds-audit branch for QSS save in the cloud, is that what you refer to?
2018-08-20T17:06:36 <sgithens> oh that\'s great
2018-08-20T17:07:10 <sgithens> cindlyli: I thougth I remembered comparing the branches and there were a lot of changes, I might have been looking at windows and or gpii-app
2018-08-20T17:07:50 <sgithens> I went to try it out last week and realized I likely needed to be running your branch for the entire setup to work
2018-08-20T17:07:54 <cindyli> sgithens: yes, there are lots of changes in universal repo too but most of them are for local flow manager not the cloud
2018-08-20T17:08:06 <sgithens> aha!
2018-08-20T17:08:10 <sgithens> that\'s awesome
2018-08-20T17:08:36 <cindyli> "running my branch"? the universal feds-audit branch?
2018-08-20T17:09:34 <sgithens> cindyli: Yeah sorry, the feds-audit branch
2018-08-20T17:10:06 <cindyli> ya, ok. there might be some solution registry changes you need. those are for the cloud side matchmaking too
2018-08-20T17:10:30 <cindyli> jhernandez and stegru made those changes too in the universal.
2018-08-20T17:10:52 <sgithens> I\'ll just see what happens if I try merging the entire thing in to my GPII-2966 branch
2018-08-20T17:10:53 <cindyli> jhernandez, stegru: do you know the plan for your changes in the universal to get merged into the master
2018-08-20T17:11:53 <cindyli> sgithens: ok. keep in mind some changes in universal feds-audit are hacks that will be replaced by proper implementations
2018-08-20T17:13:10 <sgithens> right, that is mostly why I was asking what the merge plan was
2018-08-20T17:13:13 <jhernandez> cindyli, sgithens: some of the that stuff has been already merged into universal/master
2018-08-20T17:13:51 <jhernandez> sgithens: on last Wednesday, during the arch meeting we talked about that
2018-08-20T17:13:56 <jhernandez> https://pad.gpii.net/p/arch-2018-08-15-e084ni5
2018-08-20T17:14:08 <sgithens> jhernandez: Cheers, thansk!
2018-08-20T17:14:44 <jhernandez> so, if I\'m not wrong, I don\'t think you need the feds-audit branches
2018-08-20T17:14:48 <jhernandez> at all
2018-08-20T17:15:02 <jhernandez> since the "saving" functionality is already in universal/master
2018-08-20T17:15:04 <jhernandez> right?
2018-08-20T17:15:16 <jhernandez> cindyli: ?
2018-08-20T17:15:48 <sgithens> jhernandez: So if I\'m just running a prefs server and flowmanager with the latest master universal, the binary gpii-app/QSS from the audit demo should save to it if I go in and change the cloud URL\'s
2018-08-20T17:16:55 <jhernandez> right
2018-08-20T17:19:55 <jhernandez> in fact we were using flowmanager.prd until we realized that we also needed some bits that were only in feds-audit, but saving was working fine
2018-08-20T17:22:32 <jhernandez> in relation to the "fine tunning" that happened on universal\'s feds-audit branch, you probably might want some of them, but not all of them. Most of these changes were mostly done to fine tunning the personalization flow, not the saving functionality
2018-08-20T17:22:47 <cindyli> sgithens, jhernandez, the feds-audit branch only has a fix on a little bug regarding the save - https://github.com/GPII/universal/compare/feds-audit#diff-2ae4d76199d3345721c16de4163e86b6. i will send a pull request for the master soon for it. other than that, the master already has all the save functionality
2018-08-20T17:23:01 <jhernandez> sgithens: in any case, let me know if you encounter any problem using them or need help
2018-08-20T17:29:28 <sgithens> jhernandez: Will do, going to merge them in a sec and push up the new docker images
2018-08-20T17:29:32 <sgithens> thanks!
2018-08-20T17:37:20 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-20T17:51:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-20T17:57:49 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-08-20T17:59:27 <alanharnum> danayo gmoss: my Vidyo room is open, will ping jessm on Slack
2018-08-20T18:01:03 <danayo> be there in a minute alanharnum
2018-08-20T18:31:07 <Justin_o> cindyli, Bosmon: would one of you like to review my PR to switch to gpii-grunt-lint-all for linting in infusion https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/924
2018-08-20T18:33:55 <Bosmon> Hey there Justin_o, sure
'

