b"2018-06-05T02:04:39 * dandimitrov_ has quit
2018-06-05T02:04:54 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2018-06-05T02:22:26 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-05T04:02:03 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T04:04:33 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T04:24:57 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T04:35:35 * danayo joined the channel
2018-06-05T04:50:05 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T04:59:55 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T05:12:57 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T06:12:17 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T06:13:15 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T06:21:51 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T06:42:47 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T06:43:04 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T07:55:46 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T07:56:01 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T08:14:27 * stegru joined the channel
2018-06-05T08:38:20 <stegru> amatas[m]: The last VM works
2018-06-05T08:39:24 <stegru> 20180604
2018-06-05T08:57:12 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: great
2018-06-05T08:57:52 <stegru> soon we will have CI that's better than a magic 8 ball
2018-06-05T08:58:22 <javjarfer[m]> haha yes
2018-06-05T09:06:15 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T09:52:39 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T10:02:30 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T10:03:01 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T10:41:50 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-06-05T11:10:17 <amatas[m]> stegrujavjarfer seems that is failing as we expected :D
2018-06-05T11:11:11 <javjarfer[m]> Great!
2018-06-05T11:11:30 <javjarfer[m]> amatas: thanks for the fast response
2018-06-05T11:25:02 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T11:26:13 <amatas[m]> np  :)
2018-06-05T11:35:33 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T11:47:41 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T11:47:59 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T12:30:21 * jhung joined the channel
2018-06-05T12:34:32 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-05T12:49:15 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T13:05:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:09:32 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:12:29 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:13:06 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:14:07 * cindyli has quit
2018-06-05T13:18:37 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:19:51 * clown joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:25:39 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T13:26:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:27:09 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:29:19 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T13:29:47 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:31:48 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T13:32:50 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:36:04 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T13:37:24 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:38:12 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-06-05T13:38:56 <jhung> fluid-everyone: there will not be a design crit today. Thanks!
2018-06-05T14:24:06 * danayo joined the channel
2018-06-05T14:35:25 * kavya joined the channel
2018-06-05T14:43:35 * jessm joined the channel
2018-06-05T14:47:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-06-05T14:48:32 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-06-05T14:49:44 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-06-05T14:50:27 * jhung joined the channel
2018-06-05T14:52:43 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T14:54:39 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T14:56:12 * clown joined the channel
2018-06-05T14:56:12 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T14:57:53 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning is starting soon
2018-06-05T14:58:12 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T15:00:23 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T15:01:08 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-06-05T15:03:18 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-06-05T15:03:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-06-05T15:04:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-05T15:04:24 * mrtyler_ joined the channel
2018-06-05T15:04:34 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-05T15:30:04 * clown has quit
2018-06-05T15:30:09 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-06-05T15:34:52 * clown joined the channel
2018-06-05T15:39:54 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T15:44:53 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T15:45:15 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-05T16:12:46 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-05T16:15:28 * alanharnum has quit
2018-06-05T16:17:00 <stegru> clown: for your last failure, it may require this: https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/168/commits/e35d273bf2287efa3bb034b1e48f7746fbfe06e6
2018-06-05T16:29:51 * clown looks
2018-06-05T16:30:32 * clown loves the oddly ontological commit message
2018-06-05T16:35:07 <clown> thanks, stegru, but the latest run I did locally today didn't have that failure.  Is it intermittent?
2018-06-05T16:35:16 <clown> Now, I'm waiting on another CI run
2018-06-05T16:36:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-06-05T16:49:41 * jhung joined the channel
2018-06-05T16:53:45 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-05T16:56:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-05T17:15:49 * janardan joined the channel
2018-06-05T17:15:51 <stegru> clown: I don't know the cause of it, only a fix
2018-06-05T17:16:36 * rutvi joined the channel
2018-06-05T17:21:53 <clown> stegru, okay, but I'm no seeing a failure here with registry testing, nor in CI.  I'm seeing an error in CI with the DisplaySettingsHandler, specifically with respect to dpi setting/getting.
2018-06-05T17:22:05 <clown> *not seeing\xe2\x80\xa6
2018-06-05T17:25:05 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-06-05T17:25:27 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-05T17:26:22 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-05T17:27:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-05T17:41:54 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-05T17:49:47 * danayo joined the channel
2018-06-05T18:06:11 * kunal joined the channel
2018-06-05T18:56:24 * kavya has quit
2018-06-05T18:56:53 <sgithens> cindyli: Have you done anything with GPII-2966 since coming back?
2018-06-05T18:57:20 <sgithens> I should maybe move some code from the PPT to universal for it that could be used for an initial brainstorm PR
2018-06-05T19:12:53 <cindyli> sgithens: no, i haven't
2018-06-05T19:13:10 <cindyli> go ahead to make a PR if you need
2018-06-05T19:13:46 <sgithens> cindyli: I didn't think so since we hadn't had any more meetings, but I had made a few rough couch datasources which we might be able to use for it
2018-06-05T19:27:33 * natarajaya has quit
2018-06-05T20:05:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-05T20:13:48 * colinclark has quit
2018-06-05T20:47:19 * michelled has quit
2018-06-05T20:50:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-05T20:58:45 * jhung has quit
2018-06-05T21:03:41 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-06-05T22:13:35 * stegru has quit
2018-06-05T22:26:44 <sgithens> Bosmon: I have a dialog in the PPT to change the id of a context (prefset).  Is the correct way to do that with the change applier (after checking for an existing ID) to get the current context from the model, changeApply ADD it with the new ID, then changeApply DELETE the existing one?   All in a transaction.  I'm mostly curious is there is a more correct way to rename the key for a object.
2018-06-05T22:27:11 <Bosmon> sgithens - yes, that is correct
2018-06-05T22:27:16 <sgithens> cool, thanks
2018-06-05T22:27:19 <Bosmon> We don't yet have any more sophisticated change types
2018-06-05T23:03:30 * neuralmilkhotel has quit
"

