b'2018-03-08T22:32:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T22:43:20 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-08T22:46:11 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-08T22:59:36 * michelled has quit
2018-03-08T23:04:37 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-03-08T23:21:20 * danayo joined the channel
'

b'2018-03-08T16:53:30 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:56:33 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T16:56:59 * pranjaljn97 joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:57:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:57:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:57:51 * jhung has quit
2018-03-08T16:59:07 * michelled has quit
2018-03-08T17:02:22 * pranjaljn97 has quit
2018-03-08T17:02:29 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:02:47 * pranjaljn97 joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:08:53 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:19:16 * michelled has quit
2018-03-08T17:20:17 <Bosmon> I\'d love to get the-t-in-rtf code coverage pull in first because this will greatly improve the power of further code review
2018-03-08T17:20:51 <javjarfer[m]> > javjarfer[m]: is edge-ps any good in general? (ignoring your current problem)
2018-03-08T17:20:52 <javjarfer[m]> yes it\'s
2018-03-08T17:21:04 <javjarfer[m]> I found it really easy to use
2018-03-08T17:25:46 <Bosmon> fluid-everyone - note that we postponed our windows meeting until next week - it is still showing in the calendar for some reason
2018-03-08T17:26:43 * Sunny0794 joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:27:24 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-08T17:28:39 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T17:28:57 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:30:34 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:30:37 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:32:12 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:44:45 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T17:45:01 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:45:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T17:52:58 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:01:59 * jessm_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:02:30 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T18:03:00 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:11:37 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T18:13:18 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:20:27 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T18:20:49 <pranjaljn97> cindyli: it seems like there are some open bugs reported in bug tracker that are fixed and merged. So as working fine in dev local machines. Can you close these issues now? like http://www.atutor.ca/atutor/mantis/view.php?id=5710 and many other
2018-03-08T18:21:00 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:21:15 <cindyli> sure. thanks, pranjaljn97
2018-03-08T18:21:33 <cindyli> 5710 is not fixed yet
2018-03-08T18:29:04 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T18:30:48 <pranjaljn97> cindyli: Oh. Then why there is no problems showing in local machine while showing 10 known and 17 potential problems on https://achecker.ca for the same HTML form.
2018-03-08T18:31:54 <cindyli> pranjaljn97: it\'s likely because your mysql or php versions
2018-03-08T18:32:13 <cindyli> make sure all data has been imported successfully into the database at the installation
2018-03-08T18:33:53 <pranjaljn97> cindyli: Ok Thanks. I\'ll make sure for the same.
2018-03-08T18:34:08 <cindyli> no problem
2018-03-08T18:35:02 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:39:24 <pranjaljn97> cindyli: I am looking forward to work on Upgrade Achecker Project in this GSOC. I am getting well acquainted to codebase now. Can you please guide me what all needs to be done in this project? and what should be my ideal approach for the same
2018-03-08T18:42:11 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-08T18:47:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:49:58 * sushant joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:52:33 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T18:53:32 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:53:45 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-08T18:57:33 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-08T18:58:27 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-08T18:58:53 * Sushant_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T19:00:13 <Sushant_> hey @jessm any issues that i can solve??
2018-03-08T19:00:32 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-08T19:05:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T19:06:27 <Sushant_> @alanharnum any issues that I can solve?
2018-03-08T19:07:50 <alanharnum> Sushant_: if you\'re looking for bugs to tackle to get more familiar with our code base, you can check the tag https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6027?jql=labels%20%3D%20good_first_bug in our issue tracker
2018-03-08T19:09:54 <Sushant_> @alanharnum : is there any development environment that i need to setup in order to play with the code?
2018-03-08T19:11:29 <alanharnum> Sushant_: there\'s instructions for various environments for Infusion at https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion#how-do-i-get-infusion; we also have some live code tutorials at https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/tutorial-developerIntroduction/DeveloperIntroductionToInfusionFramework-OpeningRemarks.html which can help you get familiar with how Infusion works
2018-03-08T19:12:37 <Sushant_> Alanharnum : Thank you so much.
2018-03-08T19:23:44 * pranjaljn97 has quit
2018-03-08T19:24:14 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T19:31:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-08T19:41:55 * jeevanprakash joined the channel
2018-03-08T19:42:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-08T19:47:56 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T19:48:41 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T19:55:51 <colinclark> hey jhung, are you free next Wednesday at 4 pm?
2018-03-08T19:56:05 <jhung> Let me see colinclark.
2018-03-08T19:56:10 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T19:56:11 <colinclark> the CISL team at CAST is really keen to talk more about OER and EPUBs
2018-03-08T19:56:13 <colinclark> and I thought of you
2018-03-08T19:56:19 <colinclark> and they also want us to demonstrate some of our stuff
2018-03-08T19:56:31 <colinclark> and I was thinking a combination of you and alanharnum would give some great demos
2018-03-08T19:56:57 <colinclark> plus it\'d be great to generally get you more involved in CISL, slowly
2018-03-08T19:58:32 <jhung> colinclark: Sure I can share what I know but I\'m feeling a bit dated now with the EPUB stuff. Also could be an opportunity to talk about web pub as it seems like the emerging standard.
2018-03-08T19:58:41 <colinclark> yeah, totally
2018-03-08T19:58:50 <colinclark> well, I think even if you\'re feeling outdated, you\'ll still have tons to offer
2018-03-08T19:59:03 <colinclark> but if you think we should do some research beforehand, that seems worthwhile too
2018-03-08T19:59:04 <colinclark> and I can help
2018-03-08T19:59:37 * jeevan1 joined the channel
2018-03-08T20:00:05 <Sushant_> Alanharnum : May I know where is the source code present?
2018-03-08T20:00:05 <jhung> colinclark: I guess it depends on what they want to use EPUB for. Depending on their use case I\'d feel better with a little prep.
2018-03-08T20:00:35 <colinclark> Well, it\'s hard to know exactly what they\'re aiming for\xe2\x80\x94it\'s still early and I think they\'re exploring
2018-03-08T20:01:10 <colinclark> but I think the idea is that they want to use some of the components they built as part of UDIO, but extend them to be able to injest EPUBs and add various kinds of learning scaffolds to them
2018-03-08T20:01:22 <colinclark> ones that are familiar\xe2\x80\x94the sorts of things we have in UIO and UIO+, for example
2018-03-08T20:01:36 <colinclark> and I think you can also imagine that some of our components will be scaffolds, too
2018-03-08T20:01:54 <colinclark> such as maybe the journaling "widget" from MyL3 or some of the storytelling bits
2018-03-08T20:02:29 <colinclark> as reflective tools or note-taking
2018-03-08T20:02:33 <colinclark> if that makes sense
2018-03-08T20:03:18 <jhung> Yeah. makes total sense. Very cool. I wonder if a topic like this would benefit from someone with detailed experience like Ned from Pressbooks.
2018-03-08T20:03:23 <jhung> But to answer your question, I\'m free Wednesday 4p.
2018-03-08T20:03:26 <colinclark> Cool
2018-03-08T20:03:47 <colinclark> I\'m quite certain they\'ll benefit from chatting with you
2018-03-08T20:03:57 <colinclark> and you can help hook them up with more of the OER community as needed, too
2018-03-08T20:04:03 <colinclark> they\'re pretty new to OER
2018-03-08T20:04:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-08T20:04:06 <jhung> Yup sounds good.
2018-03-08T20:04:12 <colinclark> awesome
2018-03-08T20:04:25 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-08T20:04:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T20:06:46 <jeevanprakash> Hello all I am Jeevan Prakash, I want contribute to MyL3 project
2018-03-08T20:07:59 <jeevanprakash> is there anyone working on that
2018-03-08T20:09:04 <jeevanprakash> I found the name of mentor: Sepideh Shahi on wiki.fluidproject.org
2018-03-08T20:09:27 <Justin_o> jeevanprakash: thanks for your interest. Yes, Sepideh would be the one to talk to, but she has just recently gone offline.
2018-03-08T20:11:05 <jeevanprakash> I am using hexchat. Does the list of name on right side of my screen just shows online members or everyone in this channel
2018-03-08T20:12:32 <Justin_o> jeevanprakash: typically it\'s just online members that will show up
2018-03-08T20:12:47 <jeevanprakash> ohk!
2018-03-08T20:13:46 <jeevanprakash> is there anyone working on GSOC 2018 for \'Import External Data to MyL3\'
2018-03-08T20:23:14 * Sushant_ has quit
2018-03-08T20:35:43 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T20:42:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T20:42:48 * jeevanprakash is now known as jeevan
2018-03-08T20:42:53 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-08T20:43:39 * jeevan is now known as jeevanprakash
2018-03-08T20:43:54 * jeevan1 has quit
2018-03-08T20:45:20 * jeevanprakash is now known as jeevan
2018-03-08T20:45:28 * jeevan is now known as jeevanp
2018-03-08T20:45:54 * jeevanp is now known as jeevan_
2018-03-08T20:46:08 * jeevan_ is now known as _jeevan
2018-03-08T20:46:12 * _jeevan is now known as jeevan_
2018-03-08T21:12:46 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T21:15:06 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-08T21:19:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-08T21:19:26 * jhung has quit
2018-03-08T21:24:29 * Sunny0794 has quit
2018-03-08T21:41:50 * kunal joined the channel
2018-03-08T21:45:45 <kunal> Hello, I am Kunal Mohta, an undergrad student from India and a GSoC aspirant
2018-03-08T21:46:11 <kunal> Am I at the right place to enquire about GSoC?
2018-03-08T21:47:47 <colinclark> Hi kunal, you\'re in the right place to ask about the Fluid Project\'s Google Summer of Code projects, yup
2018-03-08T21:47:59 <colinclark> The projects documented here: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2018+with+the+Fluid+Project
2018-03-08T21:48:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T21:49:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T21:49:37 * gtirloni_ has quit
2018-03-08T21:54:36 <kunal> Yes, I have gone through it. And the project \'Service for adaptive content and learning supports\' has piqued my attention
2018-03-08T21:55:39 <colinclark> Cool! alanharnum is the mentor for that project, kunal.
2018-03-08T21:56:18 <alanharnum> hello kunal, saw your email, writing you a quick reply now :)
2018-03-08T21:56:32 <kunal> Okay :)
2018-03-08T21:56:35 <kunal> Thanks!
2018-03-08T22:03:48 * clown_ is now known as clown
2018-03-08T22:04:12 * clown has quit
2018-03-08T22:06:46 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T22:10:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T22:12:13 * kunal has quit
2018-03-08T22:25:07 * amatas has quit
2018-03-08T22:25:41 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-08T22:28:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
'

b'2018-03-08T00:00:18 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-03-08T00:02:46 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-08T00:04:36 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-08T00:35:37 * stegru has quit
2018-03-08T00:48:12 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-08T01:09:27 * Bosmon has quit
2018-03-08T01:15:41 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-08T01:26:44 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-08T01:37:08 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-08T02:00:21 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-08T03:06:56 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-08T04:19:20 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-08T04:32:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-08T04:39:08 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-08T04:59:19 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-08T07:28:47 * grrrero has quit
2018-03-08T08:33:34 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-08T08:37:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-08T08:56:38 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T09:06:37 * ShadX__ joined the channel
2018-03-08T09:06:37 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-08T09:32:07 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-08T09:32:32 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-08T09:42:59 * ShadX__ has quit
2018-03-08T11:12:08 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T11:25:38 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T11:31:30 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T11:47:10 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T11:47:28 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T11:55:13 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T11:55:37 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T12:07:15 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T12:07:34 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T12:14:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-08T12:19:40 * VictorN49 joined the channel
2018-03-08T12:19:45 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T12:21:39 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-03-08T12:24:58 <VictorN49> cindyli  When trying to debug the AccessibilityValidator.class.php to check for the reason, why my check results are always successful,unlike the online version, I notice that in the prepare_check_arrays function,
2018-03-08T12:24:58 <VictorN49> 1. A check on the type of $rows do return boolean, and that result to all is_array($rows) checks returning false, and at the end of everything, all we get is $prerequisite_check_array returning NULL
2018-03-08T12:24:59 <VictorN49> I don\'t know, is that how the function was supposed to work?
2018-03-08T12:25:49 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-03-08T12:27:06 * VictorN49 has quit
2018-03-08T12:33:09 * Smirnoff joined the channel
2018-03-08T12:36:57 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-03-08T12:46:08 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-03-08T12:49:16 * Smirnoff has quit
2018-03-08T13:14:24 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T13:15:09 <VictorNG_> cindyli QuickOne In achecker, are every new validation check sent to the database (check table), then the results depends on the values from the confidence column, because I notice despite, having done many checks, my checks table is still empty in the database
2018-03-08T13:24:25 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-08T13:30:08 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-08T13:34:01 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T13:35:00 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T13:44:36 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-08T13:46:12 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T13:46:34 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T13:55:12 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T13:56:02 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:00:13 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T14:01:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:07:16 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:13:07 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:14:08 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:15:32 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:18:59 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T14:19:23 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:23:46 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:26:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:30:50 * clown_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:31:49 * Bosmon joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:34:16 <Bosmon> Hi, javjarfer[m], stegru - shall we have our Windows meeting today or put it off till next week?
2018-03-08T14:34:33 <stegru> I\'m not bothered either way, Bosmon
2018-03-08T14:35:06 <stegru> although it\'s slightly inconvenient this evening.. but nothing severe
2018-03-08T14:35:40 <Bosmon> You should say, "Do I look bothered?" : P
2018-03-08T14:36:22 <stegru> ha
2018-03-08T14:36:30 <stegru> does my face look bovered?
2018-03-08T14:37:45 <stegru> unless you or javjarfer[m] want a meeting, I\'m happy to skip
2018-03-08T14:38:34 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-08T14:39:05 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T14:39:22 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:39:53 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-08T14:45:15 <Bosmon> Let\'s skip then, next week is better for me
2018-03-08T14:52:09 * saurabh30 joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:56:14 * VictorN40 joined the channel
2018-03-08T14:56:35 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-08T14:57:59 * saurabh30 has quit
2018-03-08T15:00:36 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:00:43 * VictorN40 has quit
2018-03-08T15:04:17 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:05:55 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:15:40 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T15:16:59 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:17:21 <javjarfer[m]> wow, didn\'t see that until now, sorry
2018-03-08T15:17:51 <javjarfer[m]> yes, I\'m happy with moving it, I have already talked with stegru  and Sandra, about everything is going on Onboarding, and we have \'a plan\' for this week
2018-03-08T15:18:19 <stegru> too late, javjarfer[m] - we already decided for you :)
2018-03-08T15:18:32 <stegru> get back in your box
2018-03-08T15:19:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:23:41 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-08T15:24:58 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:25:32 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: haha yes, Sandra told me before I saw this
2018-03-08T15:25:54 <javjarfer[m]> btw, it keeps failing with edge-ps
2018-03-08T15:26:06 <javjarfer[m]> new mysteries in the Ps world
2018-03-08T15:28:53 <stegru> try that com class in c#, then
2018-03-08T15:29:14 <stegru> interface, even
2018-03-08T15:29:16 <stegru> [Guid("3E796579-0B9A-41B6-A5E7-9A0EE120E2A1")]
2018-03-08T15:29:16 <stegru> [InterfaceType(ComInterfaceType.InterfaceIsIUnknown)]
2018-03-08T15:29:16 <stegru> public interface IStartLayoutCmdlet
2018-03-08T15:29:16 <stegru> {
2018-03-08T15:29:16 <stegru> void ExportStartLayout([MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.LPWStr), In] string pszFilePath);
2018-03-08T15:29:17 <stegru> void ValidateLayoutFile([MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.LPWStr), In] string pszFilePath);
2018-03-08T15:29:19 <stegru> void ExportEdgeAssets([MarshalAs(UnmanagedType.LPWStr), In] string pszFilePath);
2018-03-08T15:29:21 <stegru> }
2018-03-08T15:29:30 <stegru> gotta go parents evening
2018-03-08T15:29:53 <javjarfer[m]> it\'s only available as a cmlet
2018-03-08T15:30:01 <javjarfer[m]> that is the CMID?
2018-03-08T15:30:13 <javjarfer[m]> okay....
2018-03-08T15:30:19 <javjarfer[m]> that is my next move for sure, thanks stegru
2018-03-08T15:30:27 <javjarfer[m]> have a nice evening
2018-03-08T15:30:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:48:35 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T15:48:50 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:50:13 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-08T15:52:29 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:57:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T15:57:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:00:38 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-08T16:01:01 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:01:01 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:01:08 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2018-03-08T16:04:01 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:06:40 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-08T16:12:21 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-08T16:12:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:13:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:15:30 * Smirnoff joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:19:13 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-03-08T16:24:37 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:27:32 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-08T16:28:17 <mrtyler> cindyli: what is left to do on the data changes project? just deploy it? are we waiting for code review?
2018-03-08T16:28:39 <cindyli> yes, waiting for the code review, mrtyler
2018-03-08T16:28:53 <mrtyler> from whom? and what is the expected timeline?
2018-03-08T16:30:39 <cindyli> mrtyler: from Bosmon and simonjb. the timeline from Sandra is "as soon as possible" ;)
2018-03-08T16:31:05 <mrtyler> ok thx
2018-03-08T16:32:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:35:58 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:37:40 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-08T16:38:44 <stegru> javjarfer[m]: is edge-ps any good in general? (ignoring your current problem)
2018-03-08T16:39:05 * Smirnoff has quit
2018-03-08T16:40:52 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-08T16:44:19 <Bosmon> ok
2018-03-08T16:44:22 <Bosmon> I didn\'t know it was ready
'

