b'2018-07-25T17:10:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  I left replies to your other comments
2018-07-25T17:10:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T17:16:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-25T17:17:40 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2018-07-25T17:25:33 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-25T17:27:22 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-25T17:28:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon, the-t-in-rtf: amazingly if i don\'t include "!node_modules/**/*.*" for the "others" it will try run through files there
2018-07-25T17:29:08 <Justin_o> even if i just configure it like other: [".gitignore"]
2018-07-25T17:29:38 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, comment with your experiences, I can try some tests with the lint-all plugin in the morning.
2018-07-25T17:29:51 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, let\'s just remove the "other" rule completely for now
2018-07-25T17:30:03 <Bosmon> We can circle back another day after there has been a plugin update
2018-07-25T17:30:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: same problem
2018-07-25T17:30:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there\'s a problem even if there is no rule?
2018-07-25T17:30:32 <Justin_o> yep
2018-07-25T17:30:36 <Bosmon> POIJPAOIJ\xc2\xa3(*"$(\xc2\xa3*U
2018-07-25T17:30:56 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: does it somehow interact with the other linting types, for example with the js one?
2018-07-25T17:31:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what happens if you use this rule?
2018-07-25T17:31:34 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/Gruntfile.js#L24
2018-07-25T17:33:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so that one hits my .DS_Store file form macOS
2018-07-25T17:33:24 <Justin_o> so i\'d have to exclude that file at least
2018-07-25T17:33:41 <Justin_o> also i\'ve been more explicit with the js files to include which i think solves the problem
2018-07-25T17:33:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how bizarre
2018-07-25T17:34:01 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, how about listing ["./.gitignore"] etc.
2018-07-25T17:34:08 <Justin_o> yes that works
2018-07-25T17:34:12 <Bosmon> ok great
2018-07-25T17:34:14 <Justin_o> with my changes to the js includes
2018-07-25T17:34:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but i\'m not sure then that all of the other files will be included for the trailing linespace tests
2018-07-25T17:35:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how about this
2018-07-25T17:35:12 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I believe they all will be, since they are covered by the internal linting rules
2018-07-25T17:35:15 <Bosmon> At least the .js ones will be
2018-07-25T17:35:19 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/fvy1ALtN/
2018-07-25T17:35:58 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that seems fine but don\'t you need a negation on the DS-Store rule?
2018-07-25T17:36:27 <Justin_o> yes sorry, it does
2018-07-25T17:36:41 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: where did you want me to leave comments?
2018-07-25T17:36:44 <Bosmon> Ok, that will be fine
2018-07-25T17:37:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, ready for more review. I\'ve pushed up the change
2018-07-25T17:41:01 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-25T17:51:15 * kavya has quit
2018-07-25T17:52:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cool - I\'ve rolled fluid-publish@2.2.0 - see if it works for you!
2018-07-25T17:53:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, i\'ll give it a try shortly
2018-07-25T17:59:30 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o I guess if you\'ve finished the pull then a ticket describing the problem?
2018-07-25T18:01:03 <the-t-in-rtf> I can construct a pattern-matching fixture with nested node_modules and other problematic content such as .DS_STORE
2018-07-25T18:01:22 <the-t-in-rtf> but if you could provide examples of problematic settings, that would help.
2018-07-25T18:01:35 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. setting this broke that, that kind of thing
2018-07-25T18:04:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T18:11:46 <cindyli> Bosmon: my "noUser" key in branch is ready - https://github.com/GPII/universal/compare/master...cindyli:GPII-3193
2018-07-25T18:11:59 <cindyli> i\'m not sending a pull request for it as this is a temp fix
2018-07-25T18:22:48 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: okay, where do you file the tickets for that.. in GitHub or in a JIRA somewhere?
2018-07-25T18:22:48 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-25T18:23:43 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting. John Byrne will be talking about Exoskeleton Devices
2018-07-25T18:29:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: The PR for FLUID-6296 is ready for another round of review. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/914
2018-07-25T18:29:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are you also able to review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/915
2018-07-25T18:35:17 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-25T18:35:37 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-07-25T18:39:59 * natarajaya joined the channel
2018-07-25T18:43:39 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: collaborative meeting notes for today\'s community meeting https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+%28July+25%2C+2018%29%3A+Exoskeleton+Devices
2018-07-25T18:45:14 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-25T18:49:27 * alf has quit
2018-07-25T18:51:30 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-25T18:56:21 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-25T18:56:54 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-25T19:39:52 <gtirloni> Justin_o alanharnum: hi, I\'ve filled a JIRA about "prepublish" in infusion, i\'d appreciate if you could take a look at it -- https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6309
2018-07-25T19:43:57 * natarajaya has quit
2018-07-25T20:00:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T20:11:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-25T20:18:45 * simonjb has quit
2018-07-25T20:27:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-25T20:31:47 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-25T20:34:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-25T20:51:55 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-25T20:54:38 <Justin_o> gtirloni: would the solution be to just switch to using prepublishOnly.. the use of prepublish was historical in that it was the only one at the time. At least that\'s what I recall when adding it. I don\'t think there is a need to run it at install, but that may have changed since then
2018-07-25T21:07:02 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-25T21:08:40 * michelled has quit
2018-07-25T21:08:50 <gtirloni> Justin_o: yeah, i think switching to prepublishOnly might be it
2018-07-25T21:09:23 <gtirloni> i can submit a PR, just wanted to confirm first if we weren\'t depending on this at a more deeper level
2018-07-25T21:09:23 * jhung has quit
2018-07-25T21:09:40 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-25T21:21:43 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-25T21:22:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T21:24:00 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-25T21:25:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T21:29:32 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-25T21:34:49 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-25T21:52:42 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-25T21:55:43 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-25T22:17:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T23:06:26 * Justin_o has quit
2018-07-25T23:18:03 * mrtyler joined the channel
'

b'2018-07-25T14:32:31 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2018-07-25T14:33:32 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-25T14:34:19 <jhernandez> cindyli: all logs are being redirected there, do you find what you\'re looking for?
2018-07-25T14:36:30 <Bosmon> jhernandez - the logs are not really written there
2018-07-25T14:36:35 <Bosmon> I\'m not sure why you think so : P
2018-07-25T14:36:50 <Bosmon> The logs are acturally written to AppData/Local/Temp/gpii
2018-07-25T14:37:09 <Bosmon> jhernandez - perhaps you did something in your installer to send them to AppData/Roaming?
2018-07-25T14:37:11 <cindyli> so bad georgitodorov went offline
2018-07-25T14:37:18 <Bosmon> I think that is what happens in production configs, not sure
2018-07-25T14:37:23 <Bosmon> urgh
2018-07-25T14:37:52 <dandimitrov> cindyli: I think I can help
2018-07-25T14:37:54 <cindyli> georgitodorov: the log looks like - https://pastebin.com/8VbLvsUw
2018-07-25T14:38:04 <cindyli> thanks, dandimitrov ^
2018-07-25T14:38:19 <jhernandez> Bosmon: hmmm, not sure, IIRC, when the gpii is installed it stores the logs there, but probably I\'m just confused about the path
2018-07-25T14:54:12 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-25T14:57:10 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-07-25T14:57:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-25T14:59:12 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-25T15:13:42 <dandimitrov> cindyli: I believe I\xe2\x80\x99ve found the log file. We\xe2\x80\x99re using a local Cloud FlowManager so the log file contains all the logs for the gpii-app as well. How should I share it?
2018-07-25T15:15:25 <cindyli> dandimitrov: can you paste via https://pastebin.com/ and send the link
2018-07-25T15:19:28 <dandimitrov> cindyli: Here you are https://pastebin.com/jPpcvKru
2018-07-25T15:19:47 <dandimitrov> Is this the one?
2018-07-25T15:20:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T15:21:04 <dandimitrov> here I\xe2\x80\x99ve triggered save of Youtube captions to a snapset that was lacking that setting
2018-07-25T15:24:11 <dandimitrov> I\xe2\x80\x99ve also tried saving of Support Tool - Dictionary (http://registry\\\\.gpii\\\\.net/applications/net\\\\.gpii\\\\.uioPlus.http://registry\\\\.gpii\\\\.net/common/supportTool) but it was not persisted
2018-07-25T15:24:29 <cindyli> thanks, dandimitrov. having a look
2018-07-25T15:31:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T15:36:45 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-25T15:43:17 * Bosmon2 has quit
2018-07-25T15:43:19 <stegru> these demos are a great idea, colinclark
2018-07-25T15:43:34 <stegru> one day I\'ll have some work to demo :(
2018-07-25T15:43:46 <colinclark> :) :)
2018-07-25T15:44:01 <colinclark> demos can be little stuff too
2018-07-25T15:44:07 <colinclark> like a bug that doesn\'t exist anymore
2018-07-25T15:44:18 <colinclark> and I know you\'ve squashed a lot of bugs and added a lot of hugely valuable new features
2018-07-25T15:44:34 <colinclark> but that IoD demo will be crushing when it\'s ready\xe2\x80\x94these things take time
2018-07-25T15:45:11 <cindyli> hi dandimitrov, what makes you feel settings for dictionary and caption were not saved? the log shows the cloud has saved them all. i might miss something.
2018-07-25T15:45:12 <stegru> i\'ll have background music, and people parading in swim wear, handing out leaflets
2018-07-25T15:45:52 <cindyli> dandimitrov: looking at the log, at line 2580, PSP channel requests an explicit save with:
2018-07-25T15:45:54 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "preferences": {
2018-07-25T15:45:54 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/DPIScale": 1.25,
2018-07-25T15:45:54 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/cursorSize": 0.7,
2018-07-25T15:45:54 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/supportTool": [],
2018-07-25T15:45:54 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/selfVoicing/enabled": false,
2018-07-25T15:45:55 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/fontSize": 0,
2018-07-25T15:45:55 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/captions/enabled": true
2018-07-25T15:45:56 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 }
2018-07-25T15:45:56 <mrtyler> IoDanceParty
2018-07-25T15:46:25 <cindyli> Line 2676 shows CBFM merged all these new prefs
2018-07-25T15:46:38 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-25T15:46:59 * avtar has quit
2018-07-25T15:47:06 <cindyli> Line 3477 when PSP requests settings for "snapset_1a", prefs got returned are:
2018-07-25T15:47:09 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "preferences": {
2018-07-25T15:47:09 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/DPIScale": 1.25,
2018-07-25T15:47:09 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/cursorSize": 0.7,
2018-07-25T15:47:09 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/supportTool": [],
2018-07-25T15:47:09 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/selfVoicing/enabled": false,
2018-07-25T15:47:10 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry.gpii.net/common/fontSize": 0
2018-07-25T15:47:10 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 }
2018-07-25T15:47:24 <cindyli> the same as in the explicit save request
2018-07-25T15:47:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T15:49:11 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2018-07-25T15:50:08 <cindyli> dandimitrov: is PSP channel supposed to receive some specific messages but didn\'t receive
2018-07-25T15:53:27 <dandimitrov> cindyli: I don\xe2\x80\x99t think we\xe2\x80\x99re waiting for any specific response after save. The problem is observed with a sequential key in
2018-07-25T15:54:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-25T15:57:14 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i\'m adding gpii-grunt-lint-all to fluid-publish.
2018-07-25T15:57:30 <cindyli> danayo: what\'s expected to be received at a sequential key in?
2018-07-25T15:57:33 <Justin_o> is there a way to not have any of the checks run against files that aren\'t versioned
2018-07-25T15:59:08 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: or maybe rather not run against anything that is include in the .gitignore
2018-07-25T15:59:31 <the-t-in-rtf> well, you have to express it independently, but you can include and exclude any material you like.
2018-07-25T15:59:50 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  i\'m having the "other" check failing on the ".DS_STORE" file from macOS
2018-07-25T16:00:15 <Justin_o> was hoping i might be able to have a way not to include the negation of that in the Grunt config
2018-07-25T16:00:24 <dandimitrov> cindyli: We expect in the settings sent for the snapset  "http://registry.gpii.net/common/captions/enabled" to be included
2018-07-25T16:00:28 <the-t-in-rtf> interesting, I haven\'t encountered that one, but the solution is to just add a rule like !./**/.DS_STORE
2018-07-25T16:02:13 <Justin_o> okay, also i found that for md checks that "!./node_modules/**/*.md" didn\'t prevent it from running against markdown files in the node_modules directory but that "!node_modules/**/*.md" worked
2018-07-25T16:02:16 <Justin_o> is that expected?
2018-07-25T16:02:56 <the-t-in-rtf> not exactly, but if it does that it\'s behaviour we inherit from something rather than anything I\'ve written.
2018-07-25T16:03:26 <the-t-in-rtf> I do find that I end up writing double rules like ./pattern and ./**/pattern, things like that are byproducts of using the Grunt conventions rather than anything new.
2018-07-25T16:03:38 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. I suspect you would have had the same problem configuring the plugin yourself.
2018-07-25T16:03:49 <the-t-in-rtf> as opposed to using the rollup.
2018-07-25T16:03:53 <Justin_o> okay
2018-07-25T16:04:53 <danayo> cindyli: sure wish I could answer that question :D
2018-07-25T16:06:08 <cindyli> haha, sorry, should have typed 4 starting chars instead of 3 before an auto match
2018-07-25T16:09:59 <dandimitrov> cindyli: The change of the support tool (the second explicit save) looks more suspicious to me. The setting is in the snapset, but the change to its value is not persisted;
2018-07-25T16:10:58 <dandimitrov> for the captions setting (snapset_1a) could it be the case that the flowManager have saved the setting but is ommited from the payload to the PSP?
2018-07-25T16:12:34 <cindyli> dandimitrov: i\'m looking into how settings are transformed to messages to PSP. for support tool, the prefs for it to be saved is "http://registry.gpii.net/common/supportTool": [],
2018-07-25T16:12:42 <cindyli> is that correct?
2018-07-25T16:13:17 <cindyli> dandimitrov: looking into the log https://pastebin.com/jPpcvKru at line 7611
2018-07-25T16:13:25 <cindyli> 08:08:48.215: \xc2\xa0pspChannel received a message: {
2018-07-25T16:13:25 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "path": [
2018-07-25T16:13:25 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "settingControls",
2018-07-25T16:13:25 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "http://registry\\\\.gpii\\\\.net/applications/net\\\\.gpii\\\\.uioPlus.http://registry\\\\.gpii\\\\.net/common/supportTool",
2018-07-25T16:13:25 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "value"
2018-07-25T16:13:26 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 ],
2018-07-25T16:13:26 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "type": "ADD",
2018-07-25T16:13:27 <cindyli> \xc2\xa0 \xc2\xa0 "value": []
2018-07-25T16:13:27 <cindyli> }
2018-07-25T16:13:51 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: hmm.. now it\'s complaining about the package-lock.json file when running lintspaces:jsonindentation
2018-07-25T16:14:17 <Justin_o> i\'ve tried adding "!./package-lock.json" to the "other" source but it still fails
2018-07-25T16:16:13 <the-t-in-rtf> I think you need to add that to the json rules.
2018-07-25T16:16:53 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-25T16:16:56 * Hassany2 joined the channel
2018-07-25T16:17:01 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i added that to the json one as well and still doesn\'t work
2018-07-25T16:17:16 <the-t-in-rtf> check in what you have and I can look at it.
2018-07-25T16:17:37 <Justin_o> sure thanks.. i\'m not planning on committing the package-lock.json file though
2018-07-25T16:17:42 <Justin_o> but i guess it will just create itself
2018-07-25T16:19:46 * danayo has quit
2018-07-25T16:20:48 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: the code is in the branch i have for this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/12
2018-07-25T16:25:42 <the-t-in-rtf> @Justin_o, add !package-lock.json to the json config
2018-07-25T16:25:56 <the-t-in-rtf> you still have to fix the indentation in the package.json file... ;)
2018-07-25T16:26:16 <the-t-in-rtf> I have your stuff open hit me with any other oddities.
2018-07-25T16:26:31 <the-t-in-rtf> should be a comma in there, but you get the idea.
2018-07-25T16:29:26 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: thanks.. !package-lock.json worked
2018-07-25T16:29:40 <the-t-in-rtf> no idea why, the other makes sense to me.
2018-07-25T16:29:55 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i find that when i run the npm commands to add a module that it re-writes my package.json with the wrong indentation.. is there a way to prevent that?
2018-07-25T16:30:02 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, yes there is.
2018-07-25T16:30:05 <the-t-in-rtf> just a moment.
2018-07-25T16:30:07 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-25T16:32:18 <the-t-in-rtf> hmm, must have been thinking of another tool.
2018-07-25T16:32:56 <the-t-in-rtf> The npm folks are actively hostile to people who use any other kind of indenting.
2018-07-25T16:32:56 <the-t-in-rtf> https://github.com/npm/npm/issues/5694
2018-07-25T16:33:15 <the-t-in-rtf> package.json is their file and the rest of us just have to live with reformatting after they mangle the file.
2018-07-25T16:34:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T16:34:42 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: oh maybe it is fixed https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/12
2018-07-25T16:35:04 <Justin_o> maybe it was just mangled from a previous run
2018-07-25T16:35:07 <Justin_o> i\'ll test it out now
2018-07-25T16:35:28 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2018-07-25T16:37:08 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  it is indeed fixed in npm 5
2018-07-25T16:37:24 <the-t-in-rtf> oh, wow.
2018-07-25T16:37:38 <the-t-in-rtf> from that ticket I\'d have assumed they\'d die rather than cave.
2018-07-25T16:37:48 <the-t-in-rtf> well, cave is strong, see reason?
2018-07-25T16:38:40 <the-t-in-rtf> I guess I\'m still encountering ones that were mangled previously as I convert projects to use the lint-all plugin
2018-07-25T16:40:03 <Justin_o> i\'m surprised too, the thread took a sharp turn for the better :) I\'m guessing many of our package.json files are in a mangled state though because of the prior behaviour :(
2018-07-25T16:46:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the Fluid-Publish PR is ready for more review https://github.com/fluid-project/fluid-publish/pull/12
2018-07-25T16:53:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o, the-t-in-rtf - I\'m suggesting that we try to avoid mind-mangling doubly-negated rules, by just explicitly taking in the files we need
2018-07-25T16:53:18 <Bosmon> But it seems that there are some of the kinds of problems we are used to in interpreting **/*.x paths
2018-07-25T16:53:27 <Bosmon> Which you would expect automatically evade anything in top-level node_modules
2018-07-25T16:54:29 <the-t-in-rtf> I suspect that it\'s kind of an all-or-nothing affair, where ./node_modules is one of the defaults that\'s clobbered if you set any custom rules.
2018-07-25T16:54:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i pushed up a change to use only *.md
2018-07-25T16:55:08 <the-t-in-rtf> I can see making some advanced settings that are combined with what most users use by an epander.
2018-07-25T16:55:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon, the-t-in-rtf: it\'d be great if you could set some global to include/exclude from all and maybe default to not including node_modules ever
2018-07-25T16:55:21 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, I am thinking that through now.
2018-07-25T16:56:04 <the-t-in-rtf> I want to be sure not tomake the mistake that nyc did and make it next to impossible to alter the defaults.
2018-07-25T16:56:37 <the-t-in-rtf> for example, it was days of work to figure out how to get our gpii/node_modules content to be included because of their default **/node_modules/** rule.
2018-07-25T16:57:36 <the-t-in-rtf> I can see making a top-level \'ignores" element that is used with all rules and which is negated by an expander.
2018-07-25T16:57:45 <the-t-in-rtf> that seems easiest and clearest
2018-07-25T16:59:06 <the-t-in-rtf> although it seems to mainly push the all-or-nothingness out a bit, i.e. changing the ignores blasts the defaults.
2018-07-25T16:59:15 <the-t-in-rtf> I will keep thinking on it.
2018-07-25T17:08:38 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure - what about the "other" rule?
2018-07-25T17:08:46 * Bosmon2 has quit
'

b'2018-07-25T00:05:09 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-25T00:15:42 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-25T00:15:48 * cindyli has quit
2018-07-25T00:43:34 * gtirloni has quit
2018-07-25T01:08:29 <sgithens> Bosmon, Tony knows what I\'m talking about
2018-07-25T01:08:38 <sgithens> we vented about it for a few seconds this morning on the call
2018-07-25T01:09:22 <sgithens> it\'s something about the express router or handlebars router looking at the request mime type and based on that not serializing the error in a useful way
2018-07-25T02:03:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-25T03:42:35 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-25T04:31:04 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-25T04:34:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-25T04:41:11 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-25T05:24:48 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-25T05:35:42 <the-t-in-rtf> Not that you\'re likely to still be up, but the two ways are either to fix the error middleware routing to display the error instead of serialising it, or (easier) setting a  breakpoint early in the request handling for the piece that\'s failing.
2018-07-25T05:35:50 <the-t-in-rtf> @sgithens ^^^
2018-07-25T05:36:10 <the-t-in-rtf> If you have a branch and commit there I can help investigate.
2018-07-25T06:23:08 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-25T06:40:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-25T06:44:16 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-25T06:44:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-25T07:54:06 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-07-25T08:06:28 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-25T08:08:21 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-25T08:20:05 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig. We are in the process of integrating the QSS and the changes Cindy has made to the core regarding the save button.
2018-07-25T08:20:45 <georgitodorov> It seems that the save button is correctly saving only some of the settings (font size, high contrast theme, screen size and read aloud)
2018-07-25T08:21:43 <georgitodorov> The language and the captions settings do not get saved. Is there some metadata somewhere which describes which setting values should be saved?
2018-07-25T08:23:34 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-25T08:38:23 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-07-25T08:42:55 <the-t-in-rtf> @stegru, the full release of Webstorm that we\'ve been testing is now available.
2018-07-25T08:46:55 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - cindyli has implemented some metadata governing this but it should only affect the behaviour of the "autosave"
2018-07-25T08:47:14 <Bosmon> Which Gregg has determined shouldn\'t be in effect for any of the settings operated by the QSS
2018-07-25T08:47:52 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - could you write up the payloads that you observe, etc. into a short JIRA and cindyli can look at this when she appears in a couple of hours ....
2018-07-25T08:49:20 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Sure, I will add the information to the existing JIRA ticket for the save functionality.
2018-07-25T08:55:52 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-25T09:00:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-25T09:00:56 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Also, I see that gpii-windows has not been updated to include as a reference gpii-universal with Cindy\'s most recent work. That is why for the time being we are using our internal windows repo.
2018-07-25T09:07:19 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-25T09:18:27 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-25T10:02:47 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-07-25T10:05:36 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-25T10:14:24 * alf joined the channel
2018-07-25T10:16:49 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-25T10:52:08 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-25T11:07:49 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-25T11:49:06 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-25T11:52:44 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-25T11:57:48 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-25T12:26:51 <stegru> jhernandez, Bosmon : gpii-windows isn\'t building without either https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/179 (remove installer) OR https://github.com/GPII/gpii-wix-installer/pull/38 (fix installer)
2018-07-25T12:26:51 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-07-25T12:27:46 <Bosmon> stegru - ok let me merge 179
2018-07-25T12:29:30 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-25T12:29:40 <Bosmon> I\'ll have to take your word on #38
2018-07-25T12:29:45 <Bosmon> Given you are a generally trustworthy person
2018-07-25T12:30:37 <Bosmon> Actually I\'d prefer to defer this to jhernandez, I know next to nothing about this repo
2018-07-25T12:38:16 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-25T12:44:49 <jhernandez> Bosmon, stegru: reading now
2018-07-25T12:45:26 <jhernandez> yes, I will get it merged ASAP
2018-07-25T12:45:48 <stegru> both don\'t need to be done
2018-07-25T12:45:53 <jhernandez> swamped in another thing right now
2018-07-25T12:47:16 <jhernandez> oh, I see, it was merged into HST
2018-07-25T12:47:22 <jhernandez> so no problem for gpii-app
2018-07-25T12:48:18 <jhernandez> now that 179 is out of the way we can just move everything from HST into master
2018-07-25T12:48:32 <jhernandez> stegru: ^
2018-07-25T12:48:52 <stegru> yes, my thoughts too
2018-07-25T12:48:57 <jhernandez> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-wix-installer/pull/37
2018-07-25T12:49:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-25T12:56:47 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-25T12:59:59 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-25T13:09:22 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-25T13:14:14 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-25T13:15:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m looking at the comments you left on the FLUID-6296 PR ( https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/914#pullrequestreview-140000041 ). regarding creating a singleton for the place where I have to bind to a global function from the YT API
2018-07-25T13:15:25 <Justin_o> I have a singleton component like this in the Text-to-speech component for the window events that we need to bind to there
2018-07-25T13:15:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, like that one
2018-07-25T13:15:36 <Justin_o> so i\'m thinking I should reuse this component but will need to move it somewhere else
2018-07-25T13:15:57 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-25T13:15:58 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we could possibly afford two components since their purposes and scopes are different
2018-07-25T13:16:02 <Justin_o> do you think it makes sense to add a new core framework file called FluidWindow.js or something like that?
2018-07-25T13:16:08 <Justin_o> okay
2018-07-25T13:16:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no, I don\'t think it does
2018-07-25T13:16:33 <Bosmon> "Binding to a window global" is not an identifiable architectural function : P
2018-07-25T13:17:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: for this new singleton do you think i should just handle window.onYouTubeIframeAPIReady
2018-07-25T13:17:02 <Bosmon> We might as well have a file used to house functions which accept one argument and return one result of the same type : P
2018-07-25T13:17:14 <Bosmon> Although I\'m sure lots of languages do in fact do this :)
2018-07-25T13:17:43 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure, yes - the singleton should just do whatever it needs to ensure that someone can safely bind to this feature using an IoC reference
2018-07-25T13:18:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry, got distracted reading your messages and didn\'t finish mine ;)
2018-07-25T13:18:21 <Bosmon> Although it\'s a shame we don\'t yet have promise-like features in the core framework
2018-07-25T13:18:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: or should the singleton handle all of the YT stuff
2018-07-25T13:18:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think simonjb has started to look over your PR
2018-07-25T13:19:51 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think it could usefully handle all the YT stuff, depending on how much of it needs to be singletonised
2018-07-25T13:20:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-25T13:20:24 <Justin_o> hmm.. good question
2018-07-25T13:20:53 <Justin_o> we mostly use an instance of a YT.Player that is created through a constructor call to new YT.Player
2018-07-25T13:21:09 <Bosmon> Justin_o - anything that is not singletonised naturally shouldn\'t use the singleton : P
2018-07-25T13:21:21 <Justin_o> so there are really only two global calls window.onYouTubeIframeAPIReady and new YT.Player
2018-07-25T13:27:18 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-07-25T13:32:46 <Bosmon> Calls to new YT.Player just need to be wrapped to be attached to instances of some Infusion component
2018-07-25T13:33:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, thanks. I\'m writing up the new singleton to basically just set a global
2018-07-25T13:34:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we don\'t have a fluid.setGlobal do we? I only see invokeGlobal and getGlobal
2018-07-25T13:37:53 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-25T13:40:24 <cindyli> dandimitrov: regarding the problem with saving "langauge" and "captions" settings to the cloud, would you be able to send me the flow manager log for this save?
2018-07-25T13:41:15 <cindyli> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3174?focusedCommentId=33714&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-33714
2018-07-25T13:45:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the FLUID-6296 PR is ready for more review ( https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/914 )
2018-07-25T13:49:28 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-25T13:51:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-25T13:54:45 <georgitodorov> cindyli: where can I find this log?
2018-07-25T13:56:25 <Bosmon> Justin_o - doesn\'t the singleton need to do the work of transducing the global into an event?
2018-07-25T13:56:32 <Bosmon> There\'s no point just writing something there ....
2018-07-25T13:58:16 <cindyli> georgitodorov: i believe it depends on how you start the local flow manager and cloud based flow manager. the local flow manager should be started as a part of gpii-app. not sure which cloud based flow manager is connected by gpii-app.
2018-07-25T13:59:12 <cindyli> jhernandez: do you have an idea of how to find out logs of LFM and CBFM with gpii-app
2018-07-25T13:59:20 <georgitodorov> cindyli: we are using the following configuration: "%gpii-universal/gpii/configs/gpii.config.untrusted.development.all.local.json5"
2018-07-25T13:59:30 <georgitodorov> for the flowmManager
2018-07-25T13:59:35 <cindyli> georgitodorov: i am in a call right now, will get back to you later
2018-07-25T13:59:51 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-07-25T14:01:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: no it\'s not an event, it\'s just a function that the API calls https://developers.google.com/youtube/iframe_api_reference#Loading_a_Video_Player
2018-07-25T14:01:09 <Justin_o> if i\'m not mistaken
2018-07-25T14:01:19 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-07-25T14:01:19 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-25T14:02:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well exactly
2018-07-25T14:02:26 <Bosmon> It\'s not an event YET
2018-07-25T14:02:44 <Bosmon> But Infusion\'s model doesn\'t comprise unannounced bashing on uninterpreted globals : P
2018-07-25T14:03:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so you want it to fire an event that we can ourselves bind to?
2018-07-25T14:03:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2018-07-25T14:03:20 <Justin_o> okay that makes sense
2018-07-25T14:03:31 <Bosmon> Justin_o - or, we want it to be hoisted up into a promise which other people can follow
2018-07-25T14:03:37 <Bosmon> Depending on what its idiom actually is
2018-07-25T14:04:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess that\'s fine too, but it may have executed before our code is run
2018-07-25T14:04:18 <Bosmon> Justin_o - right
2018-07-25T14:04:20 <Justin_o> it really depends on how long it takes for that API to be loaded
2018-07-25T14:04:40 <Bosmon> So it sounds like hoisting it up to be a publically followable promise on the singleton is the way to go
2018-07-25T14:04:53 <Bosmon> Which is the closest fidelity to its actual semantic we can achieve in the current framework
2018-07-25T14:05:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so perhaps instead i should just move my code for checking the presence of the API into the singleton
2018-07-25T14:05:21 <Justin_o> as that code is pretty much doing that
2018-07-25T14:05:26 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2018-07-25T14:05:33 <Justin_o> okay, should be easy enough
2018-07-25T14:05:43 <Bosmon> Perhaps there is also a role for the contextAwareness feature here
2018-07-25T14:05:53 <Bosmon> Although this currently doesn\'t integrate well with asynchrony
2018-07-25T14:06:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we\'ve had this long-term JIRA for a while - https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4883
2018-07-25T14:06:22 <Bosmon> Which would have been the feature we would have used here
2018-07-25T14:06:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yah, that\'s why i didn\'t use context awareness for this. You had mentioned to use it before.
2018-07-25T14:06:58 <jhernandez> cindyli: all the logs are being written to c:/Users/your-user/AppData/Roaming
2018-07-25T14:07:25 <jhernandez> \'your-user\' will be vagrant if using our vagrant box
2018-07-25T14:08:50 * jessm joined the channel
2018-07-25T14:09:23 <cindyli> georgitodorov: ^
2018-07-25T14:09:27 <cindyli> thanks, jhernandez
2018-07-25T14:15:43 <georgitodorov> cindyli: what should be the form of this log?
2018-07-25T14:16:13 <georgitodorov> I see various files that are being saved in this directory when I launch the gpii app but it doesn\'t seem that any of them contains something useful
2018-07-25T14:17:50 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-25T14:22:08 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-07-25T14:27:31 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-25T14:31:08 * jhung has quit
'

