b'2018-03-09T15:49:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: not 100% what you are looking for, but perhaps it\'s this https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/blob/master/extension/src/lib/portBinding.js
2018-03-09T15:49:56 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-09T15:50:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and here are the docs from chrome about the messages https://developer.chrome.com/apps/messaging#connect
2018-03-09T16:23:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'ll have to leave in the next 20 min or so, and have stand up in about 7. If you have thoughts on this, could you please add them to https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6257
2018-03-09T16:29:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, so I think that portBinding.js doesn\'t quite do what we want
2018-03-09T16:29:27 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-03-09T16:29:33 <Bosmon> Since it doesn\'t allow the remote end of the port to genuinely respond that the write has been successful
2018-03-09T16:29:43 <Bosmon> All it allows us to do is to determine that the write has been successfully written
2018-03-09T16:30:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry, running off to standup.. i\'m not sure there is a direct way to do that though
2018-03-09T16:30:26 <Bosmon> Justin_o - no, there is not a direct way
2018-03-09T16:30:44 <Bosmon> But I think there will need to be one
2018-03-09T16:30:50 <Bosmon> In order to meet this very use case
2018-03-09T16:33:00 <Bosmon> This is why the IPC version of this backing was always going to be harder than the HTTP one
2018-03-09T16:33:17 <Bosmon> Since HTTP naturally allows the server to provide a response to *this message*
2018-03-09T16:33:34 <Bosmon> Whereas with IPC, associating responses with requests will have to be done manually
2018-03-09T17:03:34 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-09T17:04:10 * michelled has quit
2018-03-09T17:11:24 * shivam_vyas joined the channel
2018-03-09T17:12:02 * shivam_vyas has quit
2018-03-09T17:12:29 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-09T17:13:22 * shivam_vyas joined the channel
2018-03-09T17:16:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-09T17:24:32 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-09T17:49:58 * jessm_ joined the channel
2018-03-09T18:15:06 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-09T18:17:03 <hagerhosny19> Hello everyone , my name is Hager , i\'m from egypt
2018-03-09T18:21:31 <hagerhosny19> i want to ask a question , if i have a new feature to be added to AChecker is this a good contribution to be considered before GSOC or i have to solve one of the bugs on the bug tracker page
2018-03-09T18:24:22 * shivam_vyas has quit
2018-03-09T18:27:08 * shivam_vyas joined the channel
2018-03-09T18:35:06 * shivam_vyas has left the channel
2018-03-09T18:40:17 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: just saw your message. yes you can choose to add a new feature. Please first create a report on AChecker issue track with your ideas - http://www.atutor.ca/atutor/mantis/view.php?id=5593 before start to work on it. Thanks
2018-03-09T18:41:50 <cindyli> in the issue tracker, at the top right corner, there\'s a "projects" drop down list box, please remember to select "AChecker" first, so the created report will be categorized into this project.
2018-03-09T18:43:12 <hagerhosny19> okay , during installation i found a small bug .i have to create a report too or write it in the issues section in github
2018-03-09T18:44:30 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: can you first search the bug tracker to make sure the bug hasn\'t been reported? if not, go ahead to create one
2018-03-09T18:44:55 <cindyli> all bug reports should end up in the bug tracker, btw
2018-03-09T18:45:07 <hagerhosny19> okay thank you
2018-03-09T18:45:17 <cindyli> you are welcome
2018-03-09T18:53:39 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-09T18:57:07 * Justin_o has quit
2018-03-09T19:01:16 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-09T19:03:47 * Sushant joined the channel
2018-03-09T19:14:45 <grrrero> Hi everyone I\'m trying to lint my JS script for the FLOE resources page and it\'s not in Infusion so `$(document).ready(function ()` gets an error saying it\'s an undeclared \'$\'
2018-03-09T19:14:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-09T19:14:57 <grrrero> Anyone know what to do about this or is it a non-issue?
2018-03-09T19:20:07 <sgithens> cindyli: If I wanted to pretend I didn\'t know anything about our security and permisions scenerios, what is the most accurate and up to date place that I would start reading?  For everything from user key-in\'s to how administrative tools should access prefs sets
2018-03-09T19:20:09 <grrrero> Studying the JS file for instantiating UI options in Floe it has this `(function ($, fluid)` -- should I be using something along this line?
2018-03-09T19:23:36 <cindyli> sgithens: this section shows the research path and results of our security thinking - https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Security_Dashboard#Protect_the_communication_between_the_local_flow_manager_and_the_cloud_based_flow_manager
2018-03-09T19:24:27 <cindyli> in terms of the administrative tools, Bern\'s design might be the closest. pm u the link
2018-03-09T19:25:30 <sgithens> cindyli: Thanks!  I\'ll read through that.  At some point next week, I\'ll want to learn/tinker with how administrative apps are supposed to edit accounts.  I\'ll probably always have a \'local\' mode for the DevPTT so you can edit prefsets locally on the file system, but it should really have some sort of login system for when it actually hooks up to stuff.
2018-03-09T19:25:39 <sgithens> cool, will chat with Bern about it next week too
2018-03-09T19:26:04 <cindyli> great
2018-03-09T19:26:53 <sgithens> Bern\'s design does look like it\'s primarily for end user accounts though right?
2018-03-09T19:27:19 <sgithens> Or do you think an administrator or clinician would just have a safe as well, but with more privileges?
2018-03-09T19:28:16 <sgithens> this may all be on the wiki page already :p
2018-03-09T19:33:54 * Sushant has quit
2018-03-09T19:34:32 <gmoss> grrrero: to clarify, the FLOE resources page does not use infusion, and it\'s complaining about $ (i.e. jQuery) not being declared? If that\'s the case, I\'d check to make sure that jQuery has been loaded (on the network tab in inspector)
2018-03-09T19:35:49 <grrrero> gmoss: It does use Infusion, and the script works, it\'s just the linting that is complaining...
2018-03-09T19:36:01 <grrrero> But I will double check that too thanks gmoss
2018-03-09T19:40:00 <gmoss> grrrero: hmm okay, that\'s interesting. maybe the linter is just being aggressive. I\'ve never run into this so that\'s about all the help I can offer at the moment. check SO? :)
2018-03-09T19:40:48 * jessm_ has quit
2018-03-09T19:41:02 <grrrero> gmoss: np thanks for the help haha I have been checking too :)
2018-03-09T19:43:06 * amatas has quit
2018-03-09T19:43:23 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-09T19:47:37 * amatas has quit
2018-03-09T19:47:54 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-09T20:15:09 <colinclark> hey stegru, any chance you\'re free to meet with me and Bosmon on Monday at 2 pm your time?
2018-03-09T20:15:20 <stegru> yes colinclark
2018-03-09T20:15:27 <colinclark> sweet!
2018-03-09T20:16:42 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-03-09T20:17:51 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-09T20:41:33 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-09T20:58:04 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-09T21:35:46 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-09T21:37:10 <hagerhosny19> now i want to edit something in the start page but i don\'t know where to start is there any class diagram that describe the flow of the project .Thanks
2018-03-09T21:43:27 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: there\'s no class diagram. achecker uses a combination of php functions and classes. please start with the documentation directory -  https://github.com/inclusive-design/AChecker/tree/master/documentation
2018-03-09T21:44:53 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T21:46:10 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: if you have achecker related things to ask, include my irc name "cindyli", so that my irc app will alert me with a notification.
2018-03-09T21:47:02 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-09T21:47:35 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T21:47:51 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T21:49:31 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T21:57:20 * danayo has quit
2018-03-09T22:16:27 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-09T22:36:01 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-09T22:36:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-09T22:41:30 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-09T22:44:14 <hagerhosny19> cindyli:  i have already reed the documentation but i can\'t get what i need
2018-03-09T22:45:15 <hagerhosny19> i want to add something in the start page so that i want to get to the html code
2018-03-09T22:45:53 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T22:52:50 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T22:53:26 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T22:58:23 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-09T22:59:12 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T22:59:13 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-09T22:59:14 * VictorN68 joined the channel
2018-03-09T23:00:17 * VictorN68 has quit
2018-03-09T23:56:10 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-09T23:59:09 * amatas has quit
'

b'2018-03-09T00:40:27 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T00:51:54 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T00:52:11 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T01:11:54 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T01:12:11 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T01:23:56 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T01:24:13 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T01:29:51 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T03:16:36 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-09T04:00:21 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-09T04:01:19 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T04:07:34 * michelled has quit
2018-03-09T04:09:32 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T04:50:19 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T04:56:45 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T05:13:51 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T05:20:16 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T05:22:04 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-09T06:00:31 * Ujjawal joined the channel
2018-03-09T06:05:11 <Ujjawal> Hi everyone.Hi, I am Ujjawal Jaiswal, an undergraduate student at IIT Dhanbad. I would like to work on the project \'Inclusive Design Guide Digital-Print copy workflow prototype\'.Please tell me how I may be useful.
2018-03-09T06:19:26 * ANURAG joined the channel
2018-03-09T06:19:33 * ANURAG has quit
2018-03-09T06:19:48 * ANURAG joined the channel
2018-03-09T06:20:16 * ANURAG is now known as Anurag
2018-03-09T06:20:45 * Anurag has quit
2018-03-09T06:21:10 * Anurag joined the channel
2018-03-09T06:21:32 * Shivam joined the channel
2018-03-09T06:21:55 * Shivam is now known as Guest78095
2018-03-09T06:22:14 * anuraag joined the channel
2018-03-09T06:41:48 * Guest78095 has quit
2018-03-09T06:41:48 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T06:45:57 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T06:52:32 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-09T06:56:52 * Ujjawal has quit
2018-03-09T07:02:02 * anuraag has quit
2018-03-09T07:02:02 * Anurag has quit
2018-03-09T07:20:54 * Ujjawal joined the channel
2018-03-09T07:36:51 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-09T07:37:02 * Ujjawal has quit
2018-03-09T07:58:21 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-09T08:07:13 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-09T08:07:33 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-09T08:07:51 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-09T08:13:12 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T08:18:25 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T08:42:08 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-09T08:43:39 * pranjaljn97 joined the channel
2018-03-09T08:47:14 * pranjaljn97 has quit
2018-03-09T09:33:53 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-09T09:35:46 <Bosmon> Hey there jhernandez
2018-03-09T09:35:53 <Bosmon> I have RESOLVARLO CON URGGENZIA!
2018-03-09T09:36:09 <Bosmon> You should have permissions on gpii-universal now and I\'ve added these packages to our organisation
2018-03-09T09:36:43 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-09T09:39:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-09T09:55:36 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-09T10:33:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-09T10:46:55 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-03-09T10:56:19 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-03-09T11:04:13 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-09T11:14:41 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-09T11:19:34 * Test joined the channel
2018-03-09T11:19:57 * Test is now known as Guest19823
2018-03-09T11:20:11 * Guest19823 has left the channel
2018-03-09T11:39:47 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-09T11:56:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-09T12:05:47 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-09T12:08:07 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-09T12:10:35 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-09T12:18:56 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-09T12:19:27 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-09T12:35:18 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-09T12:41:06 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-09T13:11:45 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-09T13:18:17 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-09T13:36:45 <jhernandez> Bosmon: ok, cool!
2018-03-09T13:37:03 <jhernandez> will check in a few
2018-03-09T13:38:05 <jhernandez> btw, I was debugging a problem that Maureen reported and I opened https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2897
2018-03-09T13:38:39 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-09T13:38:55 <jhernandez> are we already suffering from kasparnet_ felonies?
2018-03-09T13:41:06 <kasparnet_> jhernandez, haha, damn, I refuse all knowledge and association to that code
2018-03-09T13:41:16 <jhernandez> hahahaha
2018-03-09T13:41:28 <jhernandez> kasparnet_: failPromise.fail?! very sneaky!
2018-03-09T13:41:37 <jhernandez> tsk tsk tsk
2018-03-09T13:41:40 <jhernandez> xDDDD
2018-03-09T13:41:54 <kasparnet_> hahaha, indeed - sneaky enough to get it past Bosmons eagle eyes!
2018-03-09T13:44:28 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-09T13:45:59 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-09T13:47:27 <jhernandez> heh, I\'m creating a tiny pull request with the fix
2018-03-09T13:49:02 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-09T13:49:58 * michelled has left the channel
2018-03-09T13:50:06 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-09T13:53:11 * jeevan joined the channel
2018-03-09T13:56:27 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-09T14:00:05 * Shivam joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:00:26 * Shivam has quit
2018-03-09T14:01:09 * Shivam joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:01:33 * Shivam is now known as Guest9600
2018-03-09T14:01:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:02:43 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-09T14:02:57 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-09T14:04:32 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:07:29 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:07:32 * jeevan has quit
2018-03-09T14:13:47 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:14:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:35:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:36:11 <Justin_o> cindyli: this PR is ready for more review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/869
2018-03-09T14:36:28 <Justin_o> cindyli: I also added in a fix for https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6257
2018-03-09T14:37:29 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o, will have a look
2018-03-09T14:37:34 <Justin_o> thanks
2018-03-09T14:37:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are you available for a question?
2018-03-09T14:39:34 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:41:08 <the-t-in-rtf> Don\'t want to cast aspersions, but I haven\'t seen any signs of life from Dr. Basman in a few hours.
2018-03-09T14:43:29 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: thanks for letting me know.
2018-03-09T14:52:29 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-09T14:55:26 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-09T14:55:30 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-09T14:56:40 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-09T14:57:40 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-09T15:12:18 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-09T15:20:09 * Guest9600 has quit
2018-03-09T15:23:11 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o
2018-03-09T15:23:18 <Bosmon> Reports of my lack of life have been greatly exaggerated :)
2018-03-09T15:23:25 <michelled> phew!
2018-03-09T15:23:59 <Bosmon> I was just out at BEAST HEADQUARTERS meeting with my oldest friend GUIELES :)
2018-03-09T15:32:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :)
2018-03-09T15:32:38 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-09T15:33:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I filed this issue the other day https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6257
2018-03-09T15:34:05 <Justin_o> I\'ve addressed this in the prefs framework by adding in an afterWrite listener to perform a fetch.
2018-03-09T15:34:13 <Justin_o> You can see some info in the comments there as well.
2018-03-09T15:34:33 <Justin_o> But now i\'m wondering if the write operation should just update the remote model in the component
2018-03-09T15:34:44 <Justin_o> without having to perform a fetch
2018-03-09T15:34:46 <Justin_o> any thoughts
2018-03-09T15:37:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, it should update it if the write succeeds
2018-03-09T15:37:43 <Bosmon> Performing a separate fetch is a nice "extra courtesy"
2018-03-09T15:38:14 <Bosmon> But one should assume that if the rest of the system is well-behaved, receiving a success code from the write operation, that it has indeed succeeded
2018-03-09T15:40:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so just to make sure i understand.. if the write succeeds you think it should update the remote model itself. That is assume that the remote model is equivalent to what is written.
2018-03-09T15:40:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2018-03-09T15:40:14 <Bosmon> That seems reasonable, no?
2018-03-09T15:40:18 <Justin_o> without having to do a fetch
2018-03-09T15:40:30 <Justin_o> yes, i think that is reasonable
2018-03-09T15:40:45 <Bosmon> But the question is, in your impl, getting a return back from the write requires a separate operation, right?
2018-03-09T15:41:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you get the return form the write in the afterWrite listener
2018-03-09T15:41:19 <Justin_o> but that may or may not contain any of the data that was actually written
2018-03-09T15:41:46 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok, so you do already have the IPC set up to return some kind of response from the real remote write?
2018-03-09T15:42:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-09T15:42:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/RemoteModel.js#L236-L240
2018-03-09T15:44:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: as you can see the afterWrite event is given the returned data
2018-03-09T15:44:49 <Justin_o> i suppose in an afterWrite listener we could just update the remote model to be equal to the local model
2018-03-09T15:46:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - can you point me at the actual backing implementation for this in the chrome extension context?
'

