b'2018-03-26T20:25:41 * michelled has quit
2018-03-26T20:33:23 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-26T20:36:05 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T20:38:59 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T20:41:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-26T20:41:45 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T20:42:18 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-26T20:46:52 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-26T20:55:59 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-26T20:58:48 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T20:59:01 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T21:04:40 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T21:04:52 * clown has quit
2018-03-26T21:08:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T21:16:13 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T21:16:45 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-26T21:16:59 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T21:25:14 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T21:27:32 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-26T21:28:36 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T21:28:59 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T21:44:51 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T21:45:24 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T21:52:59 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T21:53:15 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T22:01:25 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T22:23:45 * jhung has left the channel
2018-03-26T22:26:03 * danayo has quit
2018-03-26T22:27:59 * stegru has quit
2018-03-26T22:43:14 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-26T23:07:17 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-26T23:27:05 * jhernandez has quit
'

b'2018-03-26T16:03:28 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T16:03:28 * amatas_ is now known as amatas
2018-03-26T16:03:30 <Justin_o> we have an opening for the meeting next week
2018-03-26T16:04:19 <alanharnum> Justin_o jhung: I could probably talk with some prep time based on the research I\'ve done on integration.
2018-03-26T16:04:28 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T16:04:33 <gtirloni> Justin_o colinclark: to clarify, do we want to make coverage/* and reports/* dirs available for each build?
2018-03-26T16:04:43 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T16:07:29 <colinclark> My impression is that we\'d probably be fine to have coverage reports available for the "latest" build
2018-03-26T16:07:46 <Bosmon> I\'d like to have coverage reports available for pulls as well
2018-03-26T16:07:55 <colinclark> Yeah, I was going to say...
2018-03-26T16:07:56 <Bosmon> I think it would be a useful part of the review process
2018-03-26T16:08:04 <colinclark> I don\'t imagine we\'ve got a ton of resources to work on that
2018-03-26T16:08:07 <colinclark> but if it\'s not hard :)
2018-03-26T16:08:17 <colinclark> I guess it\'s a question for gtirloni
2018-03-26T16:08:32 <Bosmon> Well, the "reports" directory will get built as part of each build
2018-03-26T16:08:38 <Bosmon> So hopefully it doesn\'t cost any extra to fish it out
2018-03-26T16:08:58 <gtirloni> yep, it\'s no big deal. i\'ll submit a PR to update the config and make those files available
2018-03-26T16:09:01 <colinclark> cool
2018-03-26T16:09:03 <colinclark> that\'s nice to hear
2018-03-26T16:09:05 <Bosmon> Since they are already being computed by buildkite
2018-03-26T16:09:07 <Bosmon> That\'s awesome!
2018-03-26T16:09:21 <colinclark> will we just perpetually accumulate reports for every PR made, ever?
2018-03-26T16:09:44 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks, but sorry, the availability just closed, but perhaps for another one in the future
2018-03-26T16:10:04 <colinclark> Justin_o: Do you have a reviewer in mind for https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/880 ?
2018-03-26T16:10:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T16:11:39 <Justin_o> colinclark: it came out of a request from Pressbooks so Jon has looked over it a bit. I\'m not sure if it can just go in now
2018-03-26T16:11:47 <Justin_o> but you are welcome to take a look as well.
2018-03-26T16:12:07 <colinclark> Why are you not sure if it can go in?
2018-03-26T16:12:55 <Justin_o> colinclark: sorry, that was poorly phrased, meant to say I think it can go in now, but not sure if jhung was still looking at it
2018-03-26T16:13:53 <colinclark> ha, cool :)
2018-03-26T16:14:09 <Justin_o> colinclark: also, one thing that seems to be emerging is that the current dist setup isn\'t ideal for browser based usage, because you have to copy over parts from the dist directory and from the src (templates, message bundles).
2018-03-26T16:14:32 <Justin_o> I believe we only put the generated pieces into dist to minimize the duplication
2018-03-26T16:14:35 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T16:14:41 <Justin_o> if i\'m remembering correctly
2018-03-26T16:15:22 <colinclark> ah yes
2018-03-26T16:15:28 <colinclark> that\'s not totally ideal
2018-03-26T16:20:54 * michelled has quit
2018-03-26T16:25:04 * aman_ has quit
2018-03-26T16:25:56 * aman_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T16:28:30 <gtirloni> Justin_o: are these steps still valid for infusion? i have a feeling they\'re doing things twice (iirc, we had to specify all the commands in grunt to avoid building a zip file at the end, but that\'s not done anymore?) -- https://github.com/fluid-project/ci-service/blob/master/jenkins_jobs/fluid-infusion.yml#L62-L63
2018-03-26T16:30:26 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-26T16:36:01 <jhung> colinclark and Justin_o - that PR can go in. I\'ll merge it now. I\'ll need to write some documentation to go into the Docs to accompany it. I\'ll send that in a different PR.
2018-03-26T16:37:20 <jhung> merged pull 880 Justin_o
2018-03-26T16:39:07 * rbhatia46 has quit
2018-03-26T16:39:57 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-26T16:42:51 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-26T16:48:00 <ShadX_> Justin_o: hey i have made changes for FLUID-4731 here https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4731 please do check them out when you get time
2018-03-26T16:48:16 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-26T16:48:21 <colinclark> jhung: so great, thanks
2018-03-26T16:49:03 <colinclark> Justin_o: Should we publish a new dev release with this in it?
2018-03-26T16:51:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T16:55:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-26T16:57:00 * ShadX__ joined the channel
2018-03-26T16:57:00 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-26T17:01:03 <gtirloni> jhung Justin_o colinclark: I just triggered a rebuild or PR#880, something was not right with the build\'s work dir
2018-03-26T17:02:18 <jhung> gtirloni: any idea what was wrong?
2018-03-26T17:02:59 <gtirloni> colinclark Justin_o Bosmon the-t-in-rtf: PR for the test reports (https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/888) -- if you navigate to \'Run tests\' -> \'Artifacts\', all files will be there. Is that what you had in mind?
2018-03-26T17:03:38 <gtirloni> jhung: i\'m looking into how concurrent builds run but I guess another PR overlapped and the CI agent mixed the build steps..
2018-03-26T17:05:03 <jhung> gtirloni: ok Thanks!
2018-03-26T17:06:29 * aman_ has quit
2018-03-26T17:08:03 <the-t-in-rtf> @gtirloni, it\'s not as easy to view them in context, seems like the pathing gets messed up, at least for the CSS
2018-03-26T17:08:04 <the-t-in-rtf> https://s3.amazonaws.com/buildkiteartifacts.com/bfa1c7da-86a0-4185-b118-69972108ce14/91ed2371-e584-4216-9708-d919073425e1/6dfb2f4c-9d93-43d7-ad77-ec0b4f88f91a/3c384472-6214-4549-90ec-261db045ea61/reports/index.html?response-content-type=text%2Fhtml&X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAJ4YXABLGK7T3DVZA%2F20180326%2Fus-east-1%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20180326T170734Z&X-Amz-Expires=600&X-Amz-SignedHeaders
2018-03-26T17:08:04 <the-t-in-rtf> mz-Signature=68e3a295d12b0a3ad7728f2298f67af14c9a06e44ea01428c42fbb253346f5d3
2018-03-26T17:08:21 <the-t-in-rtf> hmm, not just for the css, the links don\'t work either.
2018-03-26T17:08:50 <gtirloni> right, i\'ll have to contact support. ideally, it would be better if there was a folder we could navigate to, i think
2018-03-26T17:16:39 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - what was that service called that we were thinking of
2018-03-26T17:16:54 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-26T17:16:57 <Bosmon> coveralls?
2018-03-26T17:17:13 <Bosmon> Is there a way we can integrate this with that?
2018-03-26T17:20:12 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-26T17:20:43 <gtirloni> jhung: https://buildkite.com/fluid-project/fluid-infusion/builds/146
2018-03-26T17:21:17 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-26T17:29:54 <Justin_o> gtirloni: I\'m planning on merging this soon.. should i hold off while you are testing things? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/884
2018-03-26T17:31:26 <gtirloni> Justin_o: i think it\'s okay to merge, no worries. things are working as expected, jhung\'s PR got that issue because I manually intervened (because my PR was blocked), still trying to understand why that\'d be an issue and how to fix.. but the timeout settings shoulnd\'t be a problem
2018-03-26T17:33:54 <Justin_o> gtirloni: cool thanks.. also concurrent builds eventually would also be helpful :)
2018-03-26T17:38:38 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i\'ve merged that PR in
2018-03-26T17:42:56 <gtirloni> Justin_o: cool, thanks
2018-03-26T17:43:31 <gtirloni> Justin_o: concurrent builds would be great, i\'m a bit surprised by the current behavior. reading docs and will clarify with their support. avtar explained to me something about that but i confess i didn\'t fully grasp it at the time
2018-03-26T17:44:21 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T17:47:48 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks, i talked to avtar about it a while ago and can\'t recall what the limitations were now
2018-03-26T17:48:21 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T17:48:21 * amatas_ is now known as amatas
2018-03-26T17:55:00 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T17:55:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T17:56:10 * rbhatia46 joined the channel
2018-03-26T17:56:29 <the-t-in-rtf> coveralls and coverage are the two leaders.
2018-03-26T17:56:33 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon ^^^
2018-03-26T17:56:40 <the-t-in-rtf> I hadn\'t gotten any further than reading about them.
2018-03-26T17:57:06 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-26T17:59:39 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T18:00:44 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-26T18:06:58 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T18:07:26 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-26T18:10:21 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-26T18:14:59 * ShadX__ has quit
2018-03-26T18:15:23 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T18:15:49 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T18:18:05 * stegru has quit
2018-03-26T18:20:17 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T18:25:59 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-26T18:26:04 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-26T18:26:46 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-26T18:29:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-26T18:37:37 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-26T18:39:12 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T18:41:21 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-26T18:43:24 * rbhatia46 has quit
2018-03-26T18:48:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T18:53:29 <michelled> alanharnum, gmoss: do you want to meet now?
2018-03-26T18:53:55 <alanharnum> michelled gmoss: let\'s say 3:15? trying to get a small thing done first
2018-03-26T18:54:46 <gmoss> alanharnum michelled 3:15 works for me!
2018-03-26T19:00:36 <Justin_o> jhung: I published a new dev release of infusion, https://unpkg.com/infusion@3.0.0-dev.20180326T173646Z.8c6a109b1/dist/
2018-03-26T19:00:42 <Justin_o> the UIO dist is included
2018-03-26T19:02:37 <gmoss> whomever may be able to help, I\'m experiencing something odd with IoC testing
2018-03-26T19:03:04 <Justin_o> gmoss: not sure i can help, but what\'s the issue?
2018-03-26T19:04:20 <gmoss> Justin_o: I\'ve got a test sequence set up which at the outset listens for an event which will fire automatically. this seems to work as expected. After that, I\'ve added a call to an invoker which also happens to fire this same event with some extra information being passed in. it seems to be calling the event listener again, even though I haven\'t added another listener fixture to the sequence
2018-03-26T19:04:21 <gmoss> https://gist.github.com/BlueSlug/e19247249fd705ea0a405d52b5c04cf5
2018-03-26T19:05:00 <gmoss> adding breakpoints in the code, I can see that both the invoker\'s function and the listener\'s function are called twice
2018-03-26T19:05:12 <gmoss> I wouldn\'t expect the second call to the listener to occur
2018-03-26T19:06:02 <Justin_o> what triggers the first event?
2018-03-26T19:06:33 <gmoss> it waits for a resourceLoader to finish doing its thing and then is called by a listener on the grade
2018-03-26T19:06:57 <gmoss> *the invoker is called and fires the event the first time
2018-03-26T19:08:00 <gmoss> it\'s just that the second, manual call to the invoker seems to trigger the IoC test listener, even though said listener is "before" it in the sequence
2018-03-26T19:08:04 <gmoss> perhaps I\'ve missed something
2018-03-26T19:09:45 <Justin_o> gmoss: yes, i would expect the original listener to block the sequence till it received the event, then unbind the listener and trigger the invoker.. mind if i come over and look at your code
2018-03-26T19:10:31 <gmoss> Justin_o: sure, thanks!
2018-03-26T19:40:15 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T19:40:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T19:43:42 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T19:44:35 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T19:44:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T19:46:51 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-26T19:47:06 <gmoss> Justin_o: thanks for helping me look at my test issue. Bosmon (or anyone else), we couldn\'t seem to figure out what was causing the listener function to fire the second time. I\'ve committed my code to a branch that should allow one to reproduce the issue. The lines in question are here: https://github.com/BlueSlug/sjrk-story-telling/blob/ioc-listener-error/tests/js/storyTelling-templateManagerTests.js#L34-L58
2018-03-26T19:47:45 <gmoss> alanharnum michelled sorry to keep you both waiting, I\'m "free" now :)
2018-03-26T19:57:16 <Bosmon> gmoss - have you updated to the latest Infusion?
2018-03-26T19:57:23 <Bosmon> There was a bug in this area corrected a few weeks ago
2018-03-26T19:57:58 <Bosmon> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5633
2018-03-26T19:58:22 <Bosmon> This was actually merged in on 21 Feb so any dev release after that should be fine
2018-03-26T19:59:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: gmoss is just in a meeting with michelled and alanharnum at the moment
2018-03-26T19:59:30 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T19:59:47 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T20:00:51 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-26T20:04:13 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-26T20:06:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-26T20:15:31 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T20:15:44 <gmoss> Bosmon: Oh that\'s great, thanks for pointing that out! I\'ve been using a version that\'s a few months old, now, so I\'ll update to the latest dev release and report back
2018-03-26T20:15:59 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T20:20:08 <gmoss> Bosmon: that did the trick, thanks again! (cc: Justin_o)
2018-03-26T20:23:38 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T20:23:59 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
'

b"2018-03-26T00:03:43 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T00:05:12 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T00:12:06 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T00:26:27 * stegru has quit
2018-03-26T01:11:38 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-26T03:26:57 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-26T03:34:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-26T03:39:18 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-26T03:39:59 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-26T04:53:17 * shakeb joined the channel
2018-03-26T05:33:15 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-26T05:39:54 * Aman_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T05:40:03 * Aman_ has quit
2018-03-26T05:40:32 * Aman_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T06:17:49 * Aman_ has quit
2018-03-26T06:27:26 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2018-03-26T06:27:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-26T06:27:55 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-26T06:37:45 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T06:41:51 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T06:55:48 * yoyousuf67 joined the channel
2018-03-26T07:01:00 <yoyousuf67> Hello everyone. I have shared a draft for review and would be obliged if someone could look into it. Project: Build a service for adaptive content and learning supports
2018-03-26T07:14:50 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T07:15:51 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T07:17:14 * yoyousuf67 has quit
2018-03-26T07:26:55 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T07:34:41 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T07:35:01 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T07:39:48 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T08:34:44 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-26T08:39:38 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-26T09:15:06 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-26T09:18:13 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-26T09:28:02 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T09:33:33 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T10:14:15 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-26T10:28:11 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T10:44:08 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-26T11:10:02 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T11:23:26 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T11:25:35 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T11:25:35 * amatas_ is now known as amatas
2018-03-26T11:31:13 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T11:32:27 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T11:32:27 * amatas_ is now known as amatas
2018-03-26T11:32:47 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T11:33:04 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T12:00:43 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T12:02:38 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T12:02:47 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T12:06:08 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-26T12:12:02 * smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-03-26T12:16:26 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-26T12:27:10 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-26T12:30:13 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-26T12:37:31 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T12:37:31 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T12:40:53 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T12:58:33 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T13:02:50 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:10:04 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:15:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:23:44 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:26:22 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:30:22 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:30:37 * clown has left the channel
2018-03-26T13:31:57 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:32:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:32:19 * ShadX__ joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:34:51 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-26T13:36:19 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-26T13:39:49 * ShadX__ has quit
2018-03-26T13:40:21 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:42:03 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:45:56 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:50:31 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-26T13:50:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:51:14 * ShadX__ joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:51:31 * kavya joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:52:37 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:54:26 * yoyousuf67 joined the channel
2018-03-26T13:55:18 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-26T14:00:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-26T14:00:35 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-26T14:00:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-26T14:00:59 <yoyousuf67> Hello everyone. I have shared a draft for review and would be obliged if someone could look into it. Project: Build a service for adaptive content and learning supports
2018-03-26T14:04:48 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-26T14:08:10 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-26T14:12:59 <alanharnum> yoyousuf67: I'll try and have a look before end of work day today.
2018-03-26T14:13:43 <yoyousuf67> thanks
2018-03-26T14:15:16 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-26T14:21:04 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-26T14:25:11 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T14:25:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T14:25:59 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-26T14:32:01 * ShadX__ has quit
2018-03-26T14:38:47 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-26T14:42:26 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-26T14:45:18 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T14:45:23 * yoyousuf67 has quit
2018-03-26T14:47:08 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-26T14:49:09 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: can you please check my updated proposal ? thanks :D
2018-03-26T14:49:44 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T14:49:46 * sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2018-03-26T14:51:44 * smirnoffq has quit
2018-03-26T14:52:02 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-26T14:59:17 <cindyli> sure, hagerhosny19
2018-03-26T15:01:22 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: it seems you've submitted the final proposal. I can only view it after the deadline, mar 27
2018-03-26T15:04:13 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-26T15:20:58 * amatas has quit
2018-03-26T15:26:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:26:46 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:28:03 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: can i send you the link of the draft as a private msg ?
2018-03-26T15:29:20 <cindyli> sure, hagerhosny19
2018-03-26T15:31:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:32:54 * shakeb has quit
2018-03-26T15:34:34 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:41:40 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-26T15:42:55 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-26T15:47:10 * aman_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:48:07 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:49:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:49:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:51:18 <colinclark> Justin_o: Do we have a publicly-accessible page that shows our code coverage results for Infusion?
2018-03-26T15:51:34 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:53:11 <Justin_o> colinclark: we don't, i believe that Avtar and maybe the-t-in-rtf  have talked about a service that could be used for this
2018-03-26T15:54:21 <colinclark> Yeah, the-t-in-rtf has it in place for the GPII repositories now
2018-03-26T15:54:53 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-26T15:55:57 <Justin_o> colinclark: ah okay.. so perhaps it's just something we need to hook infusion into
2018-03-26T15:56:10 <colinclark> looks to me like it's already in place :)
2018-03-26T15:56:37 <colinclark> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion#coverage-reporting
2018-03-26T15:56:49 <colinclark> So presumably it's a question of integrating this with CI
2018-03-26T15:57:03 <colinclark> and serving up the results somwhere?
2018-03-26T15:57:15 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks for reminding me, I wanted to point this out: https://techcrunch.com/2018/03/22/gitlab-adds-support-for-github/
2018-03-26T15:57:15 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-26T15:57:22 <colinclark> hiya the-t-in-rtf
2018-03-26T15:57:31 <the-t-in-rtf> You can now use GitLab without using their interface, i.e. directly from GitHub
2018-03-26T15:57:42 <the-t-in-rtf> I was hoping to catch Avtar...
2018-03-26T15:58:12 <colinclark> he's taken himself a, as Bosmon might call it, MEGER-VACATION
2018-03-26T15:58:22 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes, i think the service was to do the presentation of the code coverage part
2018-03-26T15:58:27 <colinclark> right, ok
2018-03-26T15:58:44 <colinclark> So people can currently see our code coverage, but only if they run the tests themselves on their computer?
2018-03-26T15:59:18 <Justin_o> colinclark: i assume the reports are generated as part of the buildkite step, but i guess they aren't persisted, or at least i couldn't find them.
2018-03-26T15:59:27 <Justin_o> colinclark: as far as I know, yes
2018-03-26T15:59:37 <colinclark> cool, that helps
2018-03-26T16:01:13 <Justin_o> :)
2018-03-26T16:01:39 <Justin_o> this reminds me that i have to look at a PR for avtar related to buildkite
2018-03-26T16:02:25 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-03-26T16:03:17 * rbhatia46 joined the channel
2018-03-26T16:03:19 <Justin_o> jhung, alanharnum: did you still have something you could talk at a community about regarding wheelmap integration for big ideas
"

