b'2018-01-15T22:55:08 * stegru has quit
2018-01-15T23:27:29 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-15T23:35:47 * Justin_o has quit
2018-01-15T23:50:22 * danayo has quit
'

b'2018-01-15T01:45:33 * stegru has quit
2018-01-15T06:55:58 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-15T07:02:27 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-15T08:21:00 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-01-15T08:30:46 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-01-15T08:36:37 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-01-15T08:36:40 * kasparnet has quit
2018-01-15T08:55:06 * stegru joined the channel
2018-01-15T08:55:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-15T09:06:40 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-15T09:13:41 * danailbd_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T09:16:45 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-15T09:18:12 * amatas joined the channel
2018-01-15T09:29:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-01-15T09:50:04 * amatas has quit
2018-01-15T10:07:01 * danailbd_ has quit
2018-01-15T10:51:18 * amatas joined the channel
2018-01-15T10:53:38 <javjarfer[m]> hi stegru ! Good morning
2018-01-15T10:53:46 <stegru> hi javjarfer[m]
2018-01-15T11:01:04 <javjarfer[m]> I was going to comment you something about your pull and then ask you to take a look to mine on Morpher and Simplification to see if we can merge that too into demo branch today
2018-01-15T11:01:17 <stegru> ok
2018-01-15T11:34:14 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-15T11:47:49 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: I have added a comment to the pull, once you give me your impressions about that I will go with updating GPII-2521 and you can review it whenever you can
2018-01-15T11:47:51 <javjarfer[m]> thanks!
2018-01-15T11:48:26 <stegru> yeh, looking at it now
2018-01-15T11:54:32 <stegru> done.. but, your fix wouldn\'t fix the error you\'re seeing
2018-01-15T11:57:51 <stegru> oh it probably would, if you\'re using the shutdown function somewhere else
2018-01-15T12:10:02 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-01-15T12:14:40 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T12:33:03 * Bosmon has quit
2018-01-15T12:34:46 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-01-15T12:50:30 * Bosmon joined the channel
2018-01-15T12:54:05 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-01-15T12:56:49 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: yes, I was, that\'s how I realized about that
2018-01-15T12:56:59 <stegru> ok
2018-01-15T13:01:51 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-15T13:05:34 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-15T13:10:34 <stegru> gloob: gpii-app build script builds things that are in the windows repo (like listeners, test-window.c). I don\'t think gpii-app should be concerned about these things, and only the windows build script should build it
2018-01-15T13:11:12 <stegru> so , i\'m going to make gpii-app call the windows build ps1 (with a special "from gpii-app" argument) - is there a reason this wasn\'t done before?
2018-01-15T13:18:30 <stegru> no, i\'m not going to do that now
2018-01-15T13:23:47 <gloob> Yes, there are some reasons, that need a refactor, clearly, but it\'s not straightforward
2018-01-15T13:24:44 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-15T13:29:10 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T13:43:40 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T13:46:09 * alanharn_ has quit
2018-01-15T13:46:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-15T13:52:45 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-15T13:58:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-15T13:59:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-15T14:15:47 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-15T14:22:48 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T14:26:30 * alanharn_ has quit
2018-01-15T14:26:37 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T14:30:17 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-15T14:39:51 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: branch GPII-2521 from windows is ready, if you could take a look into it, would be nice
2018-01-15T14:40:06 <stegru> ok i will
2018-01-15T14:40:31 <javjarfer[m]> thanks, I will be updating other stuff
2018-01-15T14:41:34 <javjarfer[m]> also if you have time this afternoon I would like to talk how to integrate the solution we made the other day with your work in wix-installer
2018-01-15T14:41:46 <javjarfer[m]> maybe a call would be good for that if you have time
2018-01-15T15:07:11 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-01-15T15:21:55 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-15T15:24:06 * avtar joined the channel
2018-01-15T15:27:56 * kasparnet has quit
2018-01-15T15:34:08 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-15T15:41:29 * dandimitrov__ is now known as dandimitrov_
2018-01-15T15:54:36 <dandimitrov_> Hey there, Bosmon, about the call regarding the rule\'s engine: what time tomorrow works for you? We were thinking about 10 am GMT
2018-01-15T16:06:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-15T16:25:15 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-15T16:41:33 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-15T16:49:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-15T16:49:58 <cindyli> simonjb: i sent another pull request and assign it to you as a reviewer: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/582. can you have a look when you have time? thanks
2018-01-15T16:50:13 <simonjb> will do cindyli
2018-01-15T16:50:21 <cindyli> thanks, simonjb
2018-01-15T16:50:37 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-15T16:51:06 <simonjb> cindyli: do we have a deadline for that pull request? other than \'as soon as possible\' :)
2018-01-15T16:52:43 <cindyli> good question, simonjb. i don\'t know. i usually consult Sandra for deadlines and you\'ve known her answer ;)
2018-01-15T16:53:03 <simonjb> ok, thanks
2018-01-15T16:57:40 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T17:05:02 * kavya joined the channel
2018-01-15T17:25:33 * mrtyler has quit
2018-01-15T17:38:40 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-15T17:39:44 * kavya has quit
2018-01-15T17:43:05 * mrtyler has quit
2018-01-15T17:46:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-01-15T18:02:32 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-15T18:04:09 * jhung1 joined the channel
2018-01-15T18:06:29 * jhung has quit
2018-01-15T18:08:35 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2018-01-15T18:16:53 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-15T18:17:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-15T18:26:58 * danayo_ has quit
2018-01-15T18:27:58 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-15T18:28:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-15T18:28:58 * danayo has quit
2018-01-15T18:31:34 * avtar joined the channel
2018-01-15T18:33:33 * kasparnet has quit
2018-01-15T18:33:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-01-15T18:39:41 * mrtyler has quit
2018-01-15T18:51:58 <grrrero> alanharnum Justin_o would you like a promotional tweet re: this Wednesday\'s community meeting? Need a bit more info on what it\'s about tho
2018-01-15T18:53:04 <Justin_o> grrrero: unfortunately that\'s all the info I have... we\'d need to talk to Jutta to get more details but she isn\'t around till wednesday
2018-01-15T18:55:21 <Justin_o> we might have to skip the tweet this week, or maybe do it after with links to the notes?
2018-01-15T18:57:51 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-01-15T18:59:56 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-15T19:00:29 <grrrero> Justin_o: No worries about that; yeah we can do one after and we\'ll have notes by then :)
2018-01-15T19:01:03 <Justin_o> grrrero: great thanks, sorry that we\'re short on details for this one
2018-01-15T19:01:10 <grrrero> Justin_o: No problem at all
2018-01-15T19:01:22 <grrrero> Was wondering if we should (post-)tweet about the Blockchain stuff
2018-01-15T19:01:42 <grrrero> And if we can post link to the wiki (provided Edward is ok with sharing his slides)
2018-01-15T19:04:28 <Justin_o> grrrero: i should be fine, he added an attribution slide because I mentioned I\'d post it to the wiki
2018-01-15T19:04:38 <grrrero> Justin_o: Excellent
2018-01-15T19:30:02 * jhung has quit
2018-01-15T19:31:57 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-15T19:33:40 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-15T19:49:30 * jhung has quit
2018-01-15T20:01:44 <simonjb> hi Bosmon, I\'ve been making a start on the work to update the fluid-authoring UI to match the designs from last December https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2811
2018-01-15T20:03:46 <simonjb> I\'m thinking to change the componentView markup structure from tables to nested ULs along the lines of the ARIA Tree View example https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/examples/treeview/treeview-1/treeview-1a.html
2018-01-15T20:04:09 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-15T20:05:15 <simonjb> (or with explicit aria-level and related attributes: https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-practices-1.1/examples/treeview/treeview-1/treeview-1b.html)
2018-01-15T20:05:38 <simonjb> and wanted to check this approach with you before I begin the reworking
2018-01-15T20:06:50 <simonjb> I think it will enable us to get closer to the visual design
2018-01-15T20:07:12 <simonjb> and is probably a better fit structure wise
2018-01-15T21:03:11 * alanharn_ has quit
2018-01-15T21:03:38 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T21:03:51 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-15T21:08:21 * alanharn_ has quit
2018-01-15T21:09:14 * danayo has quit
2018-01-15T21:11:49 <michelled> alanharnum: are you back now?
2018-01-15T21:13:08 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-15T21:15:24 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T21:19:41 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T21:21:22 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-15T21:25:57 * gtirloni has quit
2018-01-15T21:29:04 * alanharn_ has quit
2018-01-15T21:29:31 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T21:29:50 * alanharn_ has quit
2018-01-15T21:29:57 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-15T21:35:19 <gmoss> alanharnum alanharn_: ping
2018-01-15T21:35:43 <alanharn_> gmoss: ping
2018-01-15T21:35:48 <gmoss> yay
2018-01-15T21:36:30 <michelled> I\'ve got 20 minutes now, can we meet and try to get through the tasking?
2018-01-15T21:36:31 <alanharn_> gmoss: meeting again?
2018-01-15T21:36:36 <alanharn_> yes let\'s do it
2018-01-15T21:36:42 <gmoss> yes let\'s
2018-01-15T21:41:14 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-15T21:41:16 * kasparnet has quit
2018-01-15T21:42:17 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-15T22:09:25 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-15T22:15:36 * amatas has quit
2018-01-15T22:44:00 * danayo_ has quit
2018-01-15T22:46:26 * simonjb has quit
'

