b'2018-07-10T18:42:43 <Bosmon> But I imagine current master passes its tests on IE, right?
2018-07-10T18:42:49 <Bosmon> Or does it not?
2018-07-10T18:43:33 <Justin_o> they work properly there
2018-07-10T18:43:36 <Bosmon> ok
2018-07-10T18:43:38 <Justin_o> i think i might have spotted the problem
2018-07-10T18:43:41 <Bosmon> So something funny has happened
2018-07-10T18:43:42 <Bosmon> https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6177/tests/component-tests/textToSpeech/js/TextToSpeechTests.js#L206
2018-07-10T18:43:50 <Bosmon> I assume this is the line which would have prevented running on IE?
2018-07-10T18:43:54 <Bosmon> ok cool
2018-07-10T18:44:30 <Bosmon> Since I assume the issue is that the entire TTS API isn\'t supported on IE?
2018-07-10T18:44:30 <Justin_o> https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6177/tests/component-tests/textToSpeech/js/TextToSpeechTests.js#L407
2018-07-10T18:44:59 <Justin_o> perhaps i need to add what you pasted from line 206 somewhere for the utterance tests
2018-07-10T18:45:09 <Justin_o> and yes, the entire api isn\'t supported in IE
2018-07-10T18:51:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, that was the problem. Thanks for talking it through
2018-07-10T19:06:43 * sepidehshahi has left the channel
2018-07-10T19:07:47 <cindyli> Bosmon: after you break 3088 into two separate JIRAs, can you let me know the part i should work on so i can include it in the list to be sent by tomorrow?
2018-07-10T19:08:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-10T19:29:24 <mrtyler> cindyli: not sure if you saw my gotomeeting chat comment but i\'d like to hear more about the endpoint removal question. maybe in one of tomorrow\'s team meetings?
2018-07-10T19:29:38 <cindyli> sure
2018-07-10T19:58:55 * Hassany2 joined the channel
2018-07-10T20:10:41 * cindyli has quit
2018-07-10T20:21:01 * Hassany2 has quit
2018-07-10T20:21:24 * Hassany2 joined the channel
2018-07-10T20:24:07 * Hassany2 has quit
2018-07-10T20:25:19 <sgithens> cindyli: Currently, where does the binary file for the gpii pouchdb get created?
2018-07-10T20:25:30 <sgithens> It looks like it\'s a file named \'gpii\' with no file extension
2018-07-10T20:26:46 <sgithens> ok, in the settingsDir...
2018-07-10T20:36:27 <sgithens> got it
2018-07-10T20:36:46 <sgithens> var pm = fluid.queryIoCSelector(fluid.rootComponent, "gpii.pouchManager")[0];  console.log(pm.settingsDir.gpiiSettingsDir);
2018-07-10T20:49:14 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2018-07-10T21:00:40 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-10T21:01:12 * simonjb has quit
2018-07-10T21:04:07 * clown has quit
2018-07-10T21:04:15 * g2szeto has quit
2018-07-10T21:23:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-10T21:24:01 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-10T21:44:55 * avtar has quit
2018-07-10T21:55:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-10T23:56:59 * mrtyler joined the channel
'

b'2018-07-10T00:32:45 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-10T02:19:19 * mrtyler_ joined the channel
2018-07-10T02:19:23 * stegru has quit
2018-07-10T02:20:21 * stegru joined the channel
2018-07-10T03:10:22 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-10T03:37:25 * danayo has quit
2018-07-10T03:49:45 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-10T06:53:13 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-10T07:05:59 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-10T07:27:50 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-07-10T07:32:54 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-10T09:13:49 <the-t-in-rtf> @stegru, or anyone really, is there someone working on detecting installed solutions?  I ask because the AJCs use two different versions of JAWS, we can\'t just hard-code our way out of that per se.
2018-07-10T09:14:17 <the-t-in-rtf> I guess we can write settings files for all versions.
2018-07-10T09:14:40 <stegru> I don\'t know, the-t-in-rtf
2018-07-10T09:15:19 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, I asked Sandra to add it to the agenda for tomorrow\'s APCP meeting, just asking around to prep for that discussion.
2018-07-10T09:19:04 <stegru> there\'s a similar problem with narrator.. windows 7 and 8+10 have different settings
2018-07-10T09:19:22 <stegru> GPII-2049
2018-07-10T11:09:13 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-07-10T11:18:24 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-10T11:19:41 * jhernandez has left the channel
2018-07-10T11:44:44 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-10T12:07:58 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! A quick Infusion-related question. Is there something similar to `mergePolicy` for instructing how model objects are merged?
2018-07-10T12:08:49 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - there isn\'t - they are always merged using repeated application via their ChangeApplier
2018-07-10T12:09:00 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - it\'s good you appeared, I wanted to start talking about QSS/PSP integration
2018-07-10T12:09:24 <Bosmon> I think we should start making integration builds together with the current core projects as soon as we can, so we can get early warning of any issues
2018-07-10T12:09:42 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: This sounds reasonable
2018-07-10T12:10:05 <Bosmon> I\'ll be merging cindyli\'s https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/617 later today I expect which has only minor comments
2018-07-10T12:10:06 <georgitodorov> Should we update the references to `gpii-windows` and something else perhaps?
2018-07-10T12:10:21 <Bosmon> Yes, do try updating to the current release of gpii-windows and see what you find
2018-07-10T12:10:30 <georgitodorov> Okay, I will
2018-07-10T12:10:36 <Bosmon> It would also help if you could put up a pull request, even though we are expecting only "emergency review" for the time being : P
2018-07-10T12:10:54 <georgitodorov> A PR for the QSS work, you mean?
2018-07-10T12:11:11 <Bosmon> Yes, together with its integration work
2018-07-10T12:11:15 <georgitodorov> We have such but it is only internal in our fork of the project
2018-07-10T12:11:26 <georgitodorov> As we have some things to tidy up
2018-07-10T12:11:29 <Bosmon> ok
2018-07-10T12:11:40 <georgitodorov> But we can do this, too. With a big [WIP] in its title :D
2018-07-10T12:11:55 <Bosmon> Even if they are not tidy, I think it would help everyone for visibility - for example if jhernandez needs to make an emergency build or something
2018-07-10T12:11:57 <Bosmon> Yes, that will be rgeat, thanks
2018-07-10T12:12:10 <Bosmon> Do you have a use case for non-default merging in a model?
2018-07-10T12:12:16 <georgitodorov> Yes
2018-07-10T12:12:33 <georgitodorov> I am having an object in my model (let\'s call it `setting`)
2018-07-10T12:13:18 <georgitodorov> And it has various properties. Later on, I try to replace the whole `setting` object with a different one which may not have values for some of the properties for which the former `setting` had
2018-07-10T12:13:38 <georgitodorov> And I end up having some remains from the initial `setting` object in the new one
2018-07-10T12:15:06 <georgitodorov> I think we tried nullify-ing the object before replacing it (both using a `changeApplier` and directly via JavaScript)
2018-07-10T12:15:37 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - ok, the way to do that is to i) open a transaction on the applier: https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ChangeApplierAPI.html#operating-transactions-manually
2018-07-10T12:16:31 <Bosmon> ii) send transaction.change("path.to.parent", null, DELETE)
2018-07-10T12:16:42 <Bosmon> iii) send transaction.change( ... your new setting object)
2018-07-10T12:16:49 <Bosmon> iv) transaction.commit
2018-07-10T12:17:27 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Aha, I see. We were doing ii and iii wrapped in `fluid.fireChanges`
2018-07-10T12:17:41 <georgitodorov> But this was firing some modelListeners twice, I think
2018-07-10T12:18:07 <Bosmon> Yes, this way avoids notifying listeners unnecessarily
2018-07-10T12:18:32 <Bosmon> Thanks so much for the fix, stegru
2018-07-10T12:18:59 <stegru> that\'s ok
2018-07-10T12:19:05 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Thanks for the suggestion, Antranig. And regarding the PR for the QSS - the PSP3 work is not merged yet
2018-07-10T12:19:31 <georgitodorov> If we create a PR for the QSS work against GPII master, it will include the PSP3 work which has already been reviewed
2018-07-10T12:19:38 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - that\'s fine
2018-07-10T12:19:45 <Bosmon> It is one of our "costs of doing business" : P
2018-07-10T12:19:59 <Bosmon> Just put a comment in the PR saying that it includes work which has already received some review in the other PR
2018-07-10T12:20:26 <Bosmon> We will keep both open for now
2018-07-10T12:30:14 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-10T12:54:48 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-10T12:58:32 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-10T12:59:55 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:06:23 <simonjb> hey cindyli, not quite what we were discussing yesterday, but might be useful: http://docs.couchdb.org/en/stable/api/database/changes.html
2018-07-10T13:06:36 <simonjb> have you used this API by any chance?
2018-07-10T13:08:08 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:08:50 <cindyli> thanks, simonjb, seems like a useful API. i haven\'t had a chance to use it yet
2018-07-10T13:10:07 <simonjb> I think I\'ll try it out a little
2018-07-10T13:19:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:30:59 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:31:20 * clown is now known as Guest92397
2018-07-10T13:31:32 * Guest92397 has quit
2018-07-10T13:31:47 * clown_ joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:31:54 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:35:59 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:37:21 * clown_1 joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:47:12 * michelled has quit
2018-07-10T13:50:44 * clown_1 is now known as clown_
2018-07-10T13:51:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:52:51 <jhung> fluid-everyone: design crit starts in 8 minutes. We\'ll be discussing adding new contrast choices to UI Options.
2018-07-10T13:55:38 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:58:14 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I created the WIP PR for the QSS functionality: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/48
2018-07-10T13:58:16 * clown_1 joined the channel
2018-07-10T13:58:31 <georgitodorov> Regarding the gpii-windows module - I am having trouble installing it
2018-07-10T13:58:33 * clown_ has quit
2018-07-10T14:00:49 <georgitodorov> Probably I need a different version of MSBuild tools?
2018-07-10T14:01:18 <georgitodorov> I get the followin in the console: Project file contains ToolsVersion="15.0". This toolset may be unknown or missing, in which case you may be able to resolve this by installing the appropriate version of MSBuild, or the build may have been forced to a particular ToolsVersion for policy reasons. Treating the project as if it had ToolsVersion="4.0". For more information, please see http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=291333.
2018-07-10T14:05:14 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-07-10T14:16:04 * clown_1 is now known as clown_
2018-07-10T14:57:33 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-10T15:00:40 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-10T15:05:06 <jhung> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning meeting in 15 minutes at 11:20a.
2018-07-10T15:05:52 * clown_ is now known as clown
2018-07-10T15:19:33 <jhung> fluid-everyone: planning meeting is starting in a minute.
2018-07-10T15:26:39 * avtar has quit
2018-07-10T15:41:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-10T15:44:48 * clown has quit
2018-07-10T16:01:57 * danayo has quit
2018-07-10T16:04:19 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-10T16:07:53 * neuralmilkhotel has quit
2018-07-10T16:13:18 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-10T16:17:33 <simonjb> Justin_o: do we have a community meeting tomorrow? on the wiki it\'s TBD
2018-07-10T16:19:31 <Justin_o> simonjb: we should, just not sure exactly what it will be. The original person had to cancel. I\'m waiting to hear back from someone else, and if that falls through, jhung has something to talk about.
2018-07-10T16:19:38 <Justin_o> simonjb: was there something you wanted to talk about for a community meeting?
2018-07-10T16:20:07 <simonjb> Justin_o: no, more that I was wondering if we were going to have a meeting or not
2018-07-10T16:20:15 <simonjb> colinclark, sepidehshahi ^
2018-07-10T16:21:04 <simonjb> Justin_o: we\'re scheduling meetings and I was wondering if there would be a community meeting tomorrow
2018-07-10T16:21:17 <simonjb> thanks Justin_o
2018-07-10T16:31:11 <Justin_o> simonjb: ah i see, okay
2018-07-10T16:48:08 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-10T16:50:24 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-10T16:53:00 * kavya has quit
2018-07-10T16:54:41 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-10T17:06:43 <sgithens> cindyli: Do any of your gpii configs fixup work including a config for a dev version of the preferences server that runs against a local pouchdb?
2018-07-10T17:07:22 <cindyli> checking..
2018-07-10T17:07:26 <sgithens> Like a version of gpii.config.preferencesServer.standalone.production but uses pouch
2018-07-10T17:07:50 <sgithens> thanks!
2018-07-10T17:08:23 <cindyli> sgithens: we don\'t have that config now, but should be fairly easy to create one
2018-07-10T17:08:44 <cindyli> i can create one
2018-07-10T17:09:43 <sgithens> cindyli #1
2018-07-10T17:09:55 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-10T17:20:59 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-07-10T17:56:04 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-07-10T17:58:51 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-10T17:58:51 * sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2018-07-10T18:05:06 <Justin_o> simonjb:  it seems we will be cancelling the community meeting tomorrow after all.. sorry about that
2018-07-10T18:05:30 <simonjb> np, thanks for letting me know Justin_o
2018-07-10T18:21:08 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-10T18:21:15 * michelled has quit
2018-07-10T18:24:35 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2018-07-10T18:25:20 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-10T18:33:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello, I have a question about expanders and options merging
2018-07-10T18:34:31 <Justin_o> i\'m running into an issue with a text to speech test. None of the tests should actually run in IE, but I\'m getting a global failure because an expander is running and trying to use a feature that isn\'t available in IE
2018-07-10T18:36:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - could you check in your code and paste a link to the expander?
2018-07-10T18:36:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it\'s in my FLUID-6177 branch
2018-07-10T18:36:30 <Bosmon> And - what mechanism is being used to prevent the tests running in IE?
2018-07-10T18:37:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/master/tests/component-tests/textToSpeech/js/TextToSpeechTests.js#L280-L304
2018-07-10T18:37:50 <Justin_o> it\'s the contextAwareTestRunner, i think alan may have crafted that a while back.
2018-07-10T18:38:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry, this is the correct reference from my branch https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6177/tests/component-tests/textToSpeech/js/TextToSpeechTests.js#L383-L417
2018-07-10T18:38:59 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cool - where is the expander?
2018-07-10T18:39:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s the code that is run in the expander https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6177/src/components/textToSpeech/js/TextToSpeech.js#L417-L433
2018-07-10T18:39:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6177/src/components/textToSpeech/js/TextToSpeech.js#L355-L358
2018-07-10T18:40:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: additionally that component is only added as a dynamic component of fluid.textToSpeech https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6177/src/components/textToSpeech/js/TextToSpeech.js#L131-L157
2018-07-10T18:40:27 <Justin_o> so not really sure why it\'s being called at all
2018-07-10T18:40:31 <Bosmon> Justin_o - so it seems that the context check is only for the "pauseResumeTests"
2018-07-10T18:40:44 <Bosmon> It doesn\'t seem to try to defeat the construction of the whole test tree
2018-07-10T18:41:10 <Bosmon> So I don\'t see that this check is anything to do with preventing test execution on IE
2018-07-10T18:41:37 <Justin_o> :(
2018-07-10T18:41:42 <Justin_o> okay.. so maybe we lost a check then
'

