b'2018-09-18T17:20:48 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2018-09-18T17:28:43 <Bosmon> cindyli - you can supply the source as the 2nd argument to initiate on line 1
2018-09-18T17:29:02 <Bosmon> The docs are not great but it looks like you should write var transaction = applier.initiate(null, .... sources..... )
2018-09-18T17:30:10 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/core/js/DataBinding.js#L1684
2018-09-18T17:30:58 <Bosmon> The transaction should properly accumulate sources from individual changes but it seems there may be a hole in the implementation
2018-09-18T17:31:50 <Bosmon> Actually applier.initiate("local", ..sources..) is probably clearer
2018-09-18T17:35:16 <cindyli> seems this will accumulate all change requests in this transaction into the specified source?
2018-09-18T17:35:47 <cindyli> is there a way to specify the source on only one change request within this transaction
2018-09-18T17:37:02 <cindyli> Bosmon: ^ if not, i will make use of the existing implementation and figure out a way around it
2018-09-18T17:39:00 <Bosmon> cindyli - change requests should glob onto a whole transaction - it can only accumulate change sources, and never lose them
2018-09-18T17:39:14 <Bosmon> At the point of committing, it will commit with all changes sources it accumulated
2018-09-18T17:39:35 <Bosmon> You can\'t disentangle any of the individual changes, that is the whole point of there being a transaction
2018-09-18T17:39:43 <cindyli> ok
2018-09-18T18:43:46 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-18T18:57:35 * simonjb has quit
2018-09-18T19:01:43 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-18T19:03:40 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-09-18T19:47:27 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-18T20:00:14 <michelled> simonjb: I merged your cities pull request
2018-09-18T20:00:33 <simonjb> awesome, thanks michelled
2018-09-18T20:00:44 <michelled> np
2018-09-18T20:01:14 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-18T20:30:36 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-18T20:30:56 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-09-18T20:34:30 * jhung has quit
2018-09-18T20:49:50 * jhung joined the channel
2018-09-18T21:29:37 * colinclark has quit
2018-09-18T21:31:52 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-18T21:34:56 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-18T21:35:07 * jhernandez joined the channel
'

b'2018-09-18T01:35:34 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-18T02:36:28 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-18T02:51:48 * danayo has quit
2018-09-18T06:44:46 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-18T06:58:29 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-09-18T07:25:21 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-18T07:29:33 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-18T07:41:06 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! Regarding the "Reset All to Standard" functionality, do you think that it makes sense for us to start working on it even before it is ready on the Core\'s end? We could use some mock data so that we can implement the features necessary on the QuickStrip\'s end.
2018-09-18T07:42:13 <georgitodorov> But I guess that first we should define the format of the messages that will be exchanged between the QSS and the Core before moving forward.
2018-09-18T07:42:41 <georgitodorov> Let us know what you think about this. Perhaps, we can discuss it further on a brief call when you have time.
2018-09-18T08:08:29 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-18T08:39:24 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - sure, but wouldn\'t you just use the existing "reset" protocol?
2018-09-18T08:40:57 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I think that some changes may be necessary given what we discussed yesterday on the status call
2018-09-18T08:41:23 <Bosmon> Certainly it will need to be reimplemented
2018-09-18T08:41:44 <Bosmon> But I assumed no changes would be needed in order to connect to it
2018-09-18T08:43:45 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: So, we should continue using the existing mechanism of keying out the current user and the Core will take care of restoring the settings in accordance with the standards file?
2018-09-18T08:44:07 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - oh, I see - I assumed you had been using the "reset" token
2018-09-18T08:55:22 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: There was such an idea before but it was decided that we would simply key out the user
2018-09-18T08:55:28 <georgitodorov> Will this still do the trick?
2018-09-18T08:55:56 <Bosmon> No, we can\'t have it that a keyout of the current user will always reset the whole system : P
2018-09-18T08:56:01 <Bosmon> There will have to be an explicit protocol
2018-09-18T08:56:09 <Bosmon> We may as well reuse the existing "reset" token
2018-09-18T08:57:47 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Was this actually keying in the "reset" user?
2018-09-18T08:58:11 <Bosmon> yes
2018-09-18T09:00:25 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-18T09:00:45 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: So, whenever a reset is necessary, we should in addition to keying out also key in the "reset" token?
2018-09-18T09:04:27 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - we will arrange for the keyin of "reset" to also do a keyout, so you should only need to do that part
2018-09-18T09:05:12 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Okay, so our key out now will be a keyin of "reset"
2018-09-18T10:33:02 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-18T10:37:09 * jhernandez has quit
2018-09-18T10:37:20 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-09-18T11:01:06 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-18T11:57:19 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-18T12:16:16 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-09-18T12:32:23 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-18T12:45:24 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-09-18T12:49:54 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-09-18T12:50:32 * jhung joined the channel
2018-09-18T12:50:52 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-09-18T13:02:54 <cindyli> Bosmon: regarding MM not dispatching high contrast to both windows and UIO+, it seems MM has been designed to only return one solution if there are more than one solutions are ranked same and have same depth at canopy disposal calculation
2018-09-18T13:02:57 <cindyli> this line - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/canopyMatchMaker/src/CanopyMatchMakerUtilities.js#L113
2018-09-18T13:03:08 <cindyli> uses ">" rather than ">="
2018-09-18T13:03:19 <Bosmon> cindyli - I see, yes
2018-09-18T13:03:31 <Bosmon> Well discovered
2018-09-18T13:03:52 <cindyli> how shall we work around it?
2018-09-18T13:04:01 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-09-18T13:04:08 <Bosmon> cindyli - just fix it to >=, I expect
2018-09-18T13:04:33 <Bosmon> If we get any unwanted duplicates, we can hopefully filter them out by adding further elements to the apptology
2018-09-18T13:04:37 <cindyli> i tried, but it will break another disposal solution test
2018-09-18T13:04:48 <cindyli> finding out
2018-09-18T13:04:55 <Bosmon> cindyli - well then we can fix that test : P
2018-09-18T13:05:03 <Bosmon> The canopy algorithm was always just a wild guess
2018-09-18T13:05:40 <cindyli> haha. ok. working on it
2018-09-18T13:14:02 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-09-18T13:14:04 <cindyli> Bosmon: just to double check before fixing the other test to make sure i won\'t break the canopy matchmaking too badly. if I fix this problem using ">=", this test fails - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/canopyMatchMaker/test/web/js/CanopyMatchMakerUtilitiesTests.js#L156
2018-09-18T13:14:27 <Bosmon> cindyli - sure, just fix it up
2018-09-18T13:14:33 <cindyli> how canopy matchmaking works is, it first calculates ranking for all solutions and create an array
2018-09-18T13:14:35 <Bosmon> I think we will need to axe the canopy matchmaker before long anyway
2018-09-18T13:14:44 <Bosmon> It doesn\'t really solve any real problem that we have
2018-09-18T13:15:14 <Bosmon> In practice people never want "partial" matches into solutions that solve some weaker version of a problem that they have
2018-09-18T13:15:17 <cindyli> my fix will make the ranking calculation useless
2018-09-18T13:15:42 <Bosmon> cindyli - ok well even better :)
2018-09-18T13:15:58 <Bosmon> It is in effect useless anyway
2018-09-18T13:16:17 <cindyli> ok. a bit surprising tho.
2018-09-18T13:16:56 <Bosmon> I mean, say someone really wanted "display.screenEnhancement.fontSize" - they\'re very unlikely to be satisfied with a solution which does display.screenEnhancement.somethingElse
2018-09-18T13:21:23 <Bosmon> I don\'t think changing > to >= makes the ranking completely useless though
2018-09-18T13:21:28 <Bosmon> It will still reject irrelevant solutions
2018-09-18T13:24:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-09-18T13:29:43 <Bosmon> cindyli - about https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/935 - I assume it\'s not because you didn\'t sign the CLA, but that those commits from 2014 were somehow from a different email address?
2018-09-18T13:30:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-09-18T13:30:27 <cindyli> Bosmon: i guess so, i\'ve double checked this morning i\'ve signed CLA with the email used for my github account
2018-09-18T13:30:39 <cindyli> need to find out which email i used for those commits
2018-09-18T13:30:50 <cindyli> likely gmail
2018-09-18T13:31:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: you might be able to bind multiple e-mail addresses to your github account.
2018-09-18T13:32:04 <cindyli> good idea
2018-09-18T13:32:36 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-18T13:33:28 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-18T13:34:09 <Bosmon> Looks like your normal email address :(
2018-09-18T13:34:55 <cindyli> Bosmon: the pull request for MM fix - https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/659
2018-09-18T13:35:49 <Bosmon> cindyli - looks great to me!
2018-09-18T13:36:37 <cindyli> thanks, Bosmon
2018-09-18T13:37:51 <cindyli> i clicked on the pending warning on the commit - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/935/commits, it brought me to a signing CLA page that shows the CLA has been signed. interesting. asking google ...
2018-09-18T13:40:52 <Bosmon> Ah I know
2018-09-18T13:41:01 <Bosmon> One of the emails is at ocad.ca and the other is at ocadu.ca
2018-09-18T13:41:12 <Bosmon> I think you just need to add the first one to the account?
2018-09-18T13:48:31 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-09-18T13:50:13 <cindyli> added. pending is still showing :(
2018-09-18T13:50:38 <cindyli> it probably needs some time
2018-09-18T13:50:49 <jhung> fluid-everyone: The design crit will be starting in 10 minutes. We\'ll be talking about preparing for the DEEP conference today.
2018-09-18T13:59:06 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-09-18T14:01:24 * cindyli has quit
2018-09-18T14:02:13 * danayo joined the channel
2018-09-18T14:03:21 <jhung> fluid-everyone: The design crit is starting.
2018-09-18T14:08:40 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-18T14:08:58 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2018-09-18T14:14:58 <Bosmon> Cheers cindyli - your early commits are now showing up as a CHRISTMASSE..... *CATE* :)
2018-09-18T14:15:14 <cindyli> YAY!
2018-09-18T14:15:18 <Bosmon> I\'m glad we got FLUID-5193 fixed after slightly less than 5 years
2018-09-18T14:15:37 <cindyli> good work, Bosmon
2018-09-18T14:16:09 <Bosmon> cindyli - is your https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/659 enough to get the high contrast sent to both UIO+ and Windows as expected?
2018-09-18T14:16:29 <cindyli> yes, i tried with my test.
2018-09-18T14:16:33 <Bosmon> excellent
2018-09-18T14:47:40 <Bosmon> cindyli - awesome, so that\'s in
2018-09-18T14:47:55 <Bosmon> I guess the next bit is "allow system to act on new settings from QSS via fake matchmaker"?
2018-09-18T14:48:22 <cindyli> yes and thanks, Bosmon
2018-09-18T14:48:31 <jhernandez> Bosmon: I\'m seeing that you just merged pull/659
2018-09-18T14:48:43 <Bosmon> jhernandez - you see it!
2018-09-18T14:50:24 <stegru> jhernandez, are we able to get any versioning info via code yet?
2018-09-18T14:50:39 <Bosmon> stegru - we can\'t look at our own package.json?
2018-09-18T14:50:44 <jhernandez> can we have a dev release of universal? I would like to push the update through gpii-app and check how master looks like, mostly, want to check what bits from feds-audit need to be pulled into master
2018-09-18T14:50:59 <jhernandez> stegru: yup, package.json is your friend
2018-09-18T14:51:02 <stegru> isn\'t that always 0.3.0?
2018-09-18T14:51:05 <Bosmon> jhernandez - cindyli still has one more round of work to do before we have feature parity with feds-audit
2018-09-18T14:51:21 <Bosmon> stegru - for a dev release from npm it will include commit hash, date and branch
2018-09-18T14:51:31 <Bosmon> jhernandez - so let\'s hold off a day or so
2018-09-18T14:51:48 <jhernandez> Bosmon: okay, then I\'ll leave all the highContrast and MM related issues on hold until everything is in place
2018-09-18T14:51:51 <stegru> o i c
2018-09-18T14:52:25 <Bosmon> jhernandez - do we now roll our installers from dev npm releases of gpii-app?
2018-09-18T14:52:49 <Bosmon> stegru - at the very least you should always be able to get proper release info for gpii-windows
2018-09-18T14:52:54 <Bosmon> Which is better than a poke in the eye
2018-09-18T14:53:03 <jhernandez> Bosmon: not yet, as we don\'t have gpii-app on npm
2018-09-18T14:53:17 <Bosmon> jhernandez - but no reason why we can\'t?
2018-09-18T14:53:46 <jhernandez> but I\'m bumping the version in package.json (according to our standard versioning) to create the installers
2018-09-18T14:54:20 <jhernandez> I can happily start doing it - can\'t see anything blocking us from doing that
2018-09-18T14:54:49 <Bosmon> stegru - do you want to put the version in a dialog or something?
2018-09-18T14:57:45 <Justin_o> michelled: https://cdn.knightlab.com/libs/timeline3/latest/embed/index.html?source=1eX4CsZErPdnwdOiUpfLRpyTTpNZnPKt5Hcoz1Gv_jpY&font=Default&lang=en&initial_zoom=2&height=650
2018-09-18T14:57:50 <Justin_o> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1svElHVYRrTc8PFKHuoQUlB0o4gBZofiUo9DjUs0GTlU/edit#heading=h.3qb1hzp7224c
2018-09-18T14:57:56 <Justin_o> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1eX4CsZErPdnwdOiUpfLRpyTTpNZnPKt5Hcoz1Gv_jpY/edit#gid=0
2018-09-18T14:58:20 <stegru> no Bosmon, I\'m making changes to the metrics logging, and will like to know the version
2018-09-18T14:59:01 <stegru> and package.json is enough
2018-09-18T14:59:07 <Bosmon> stegru - ok - yeah, that sounds good
2018-09-18T14:59:18 <Bosmon> Your own artefact at least is going to get released from npm
2018-09-18T14:59:22 <Bosmon> Even if the top-level one isn\'t yet
2018-09-18T15:00:14 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will be in 10 minutes
2018-09-18T15:00:18 <stegru> yes, just looked at both from gpii-app and windows on an install... and they\'re good enough
2018-09-18T15:50:46 * clown has quit
2018-09-18T15:51:17 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-09-18T15:51:17 * cindyli has quit
2018-09-18T15:57:17 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2018-09-18T16:06:22 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-18T16:08:14 * michelled has quit
2018-09-18T16:18:54 * clown joined the channel
2018-09-18T16:38:02 * jhung joined the channel
2018-09-18T16:41:05 * michelled joined the channel
2018-09-18T17:10:02 <cindyli1> Bosmon: my code to use change applier transaction - https://pastebin.com/Fx6Dj7uf
2018-09-18T17:10:29 <cindyli1> at line 7, i\'d like to attach a transactionSource for this single request
2018-09-18T17:10:32 <cindyli1> it doesn\'t work
2018-09-18T17:11:03 <cindyli1> what\'s the proper way to do it?
2018-09-18T17:11:19 <cindyli1> line 17, not 7
2018-09-18T17:20:42 <cindyli1> the request change does occur but {change}.transaction.sources is empty instead of the expected value - "userUpdate"
'

