b"2018-08-14T18:58:49 * simonjb has quit
2018-08-14T19:00:13 <sgithens> Bosmon, cindyli : Are there built-in timeout features in the URL and/or CouchDB datasources?
2018-08-14T19:00:25 <sgithens> such that they'd return an error of some sort
2018-08-14T19:00:32 <Bosmon> sgithens - no
2018-08-14T19:00:45 <sgithens> I think we'll probably need to bake some of that in
2018-08-14T19:00:51 <Bosmon> sgithens - yes
2018-08-14T19:01:24 <sgithens> are the couch db datasources based directly off the URL datasources or do they do special stuff from scratch
2018-08-14T19:02:13 <Bosmon> They are just listeners: https://github.com/fluid-project/kettle/blob/master/lib/dataSource-core.js#L307
2018-08-14T19:03:40 <sgithens> huh
2018-08-14T19:03:52 <Bosmon> sgithens - also note https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/KETTLE-68
2018-08-14T19:04:58 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-08-14T19:05:07 <sgithens> Bosmon cool thx
2018-08-14T19:06:03 <sgithens> so you would make a datasource that has both the datasource.URL and datasource.couch grades
2018-08-14T19:06:18 <sgithens> or theoretically something else if it wasn't a URL
2018-08-14T19:06:29 <sgithens> maybe an in process call to pouchdb
2018-08-14T19:07:12 <Bosmon> sgithens - yes, this is why dataSource.CouchDB is a mixin
2018-08-14T19:08:20 * alanharnum1 has quit
2018-08-14T19:19:19 <gmoss> Justin_o: ping
2018-08-14T19:19:24 <Justin_o> hello
2018-08-14T20:03:35 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-14T20:07:27 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-08-14T20:10:27 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-14T20:35:10 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2018-08-14T20:39:15 * gtirloni__ is now known as gtirloni
2018-08-14T21:18:43 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-14T22:46:08 * Justin_o has quit
2018-08-14T22:59:33 * colinclark has quit
2018-08-14T22:59:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-14T23:09:03 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-14T23:21:56 * colinclark has quit
"

b'2018-08-14T02:43:22 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-14T02:55:40 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-14T03:02:39 * danayo has quit
2018-08-14T07:37:30 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-08-14T09:44:11 <georgitodorov> Bosmon, jhernandez: We took a look at the highContrastTheme not being in sync between the PSP and the QSS
2018-08-14T09:45:17 <georgitodorov> Indeed, as Bosmon has suggested, this is the current behavior because as per the call yesterday I think we agreed that the main focus of the demo today will be the QSS.
2018-08-14T09:45:49 <georgitodorov> The setting in the QSS has a different path that the two corresponding settings in the PSP
2018-08-14T09:47:07 <georgitodorov> Also, we noticed that if a user keys in and changes the high contrast theme from the QSS, an error occurs in the PSP panel (cannot ready property ... of undefined). This happens because the Core returns the "common/highContrastTheme" setting back without a schema property and the PSP does not know how to visualize it.
2018-08-14T09:47:45 <georgitodorov> We created a small fix which strips settings that do not have a schema and does not display them in the PSP. However, as the demo is today, I am not sure whether this should go in.
2018-08-14T09:49:05 <georgitodorov> We should definitely send a mail to Gregg to notify him about this scenario in case we do not create a new build.
2018-08-14T09:49:08 <georgitodorov> Any thoughts?
2018-08-14T09:56:02 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-14T10:11:17 <jhernandez> georgitodorov: hmm, how did you key-in? maybe using the "login" endpoint?
2018-08-14T10:12:08 <georgitodorov> jhernandez: Using the context menu of the PSP tray icon
2018-08-14T10:12:18 <jhernandez> and that uses .... ?
2018-08-14T10:13:05 <jhernandez> okay, "proximityTriggered" as I can see
2018-08-14T10:13:35 <jhernandez> not sure, have you tried saving any of these np sets? which user it was with? Not seeing the problem here
2018-08-14T10:14:41 <jhernandez> for the record, you shouldn\'t click on "Save" while keyed in as one of the snapsets (snapset_1a, 2b, etc)
2018-08-14T10:14:46 <jhernandez> georgitodorov: ^
2018-08-14T10:16:08 <georgitodorov> jhernandez: No, I haven\'t saved anything (as a matter of fact I am using the gpii.config.untrusted.development.all.local.json5 in case to avoid any accidental saves)
2018-08-14T10:16:18 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-08-14T10:16:26 <georgitodorov> The issue occurs even without saving
2018-08-14T10:17:06 <georgitodorov> If you change the High contrast setting when there is a keyed in user, you will see a blue strip in the PSP with an exclamation mark
2018-08-14T10:39:32 <jhernandez> georgitodorov: ok, I can see it now
2018-08-14T10:39:57 <jhernandez> and, bonus points for using all.local config
2018-08-14T10:39:59 <jhernandez> :)
2018-08-14T10:40:19 <jhernandez> okay
2018-08-14T10:40:41 <jhernandez> well, as long as Gregg doesn\'t try changing the prefs on the PSP we should be "just fine"
2018-08-14T10:41:26 <jhernandez> in any case, yes, we should warn them about this issue
2018-08-14T10:45:41 <georgitodorov> jhernandez: Not only that. If a user keys in and the change originated from the QSS, the PSP will be messed up
2018-08-14T10:46:16 <georgitodorov> So, no "High Contrast" theme changes should be made when there is a keyed in user
2018-08-14T10:46:38 <jhernandez> okay
2018-08-14T10:46:52 <jhernandez> I assume all the rest is working fine and the problem is only with the highContrast
2018-08-14T10:49:33 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-14T10:50:06 <georgitodorov> jhernandez: that\'s right
2018-08-14T10:50:32 <georgitodorov> I will reply in your email thread from last night and will describe the problem in detail
2018-08-14T10:52:08 <jhernandez> just did that
2018-08-14T10:52:25 <jhernandez> feel free to add further clarifications if any
2018-08-14T10:52:28 <jhernandez> ;)
2018-08-14T10:52:45 <jhernandez> georgitodorov: ^
2018-08-14T10:53:26 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-14T10:56:37 <georgitodorov> jhernandez: thanks, Javi! I don\'t have anything to add there :)
2018-08-14T11:03:38 <jhernandez> great
2018-08-14T11:03:40 <jhernandez> :)
2018-08-14T11:03:44 <jhernandez> now I gotta leave
2018-08-14T11:04:24 <jhernandez> but will be around in an hour or so
2018-08-14T11:04:26 <jhernandez> cheers
2018-08-14T11:08:51 * jhernandez has quit
2018-08-14T11:10:08 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-14T11:19:04 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-14T11:28:53 <georgitodorov> jhernandez: I pushed our small fix to this branch in case it is needed: https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/tree/feature/noSchemaSettingFix
2018-08-14T11:28:59 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon and @sgithens, I will jump into my room for our meeting shortly.
2018-08-14T11:31:36 <sgithens> cool
2018-08-14T11:33:08 <the-t-in-rtf> Or is Vidyo still a problem, @Bosmon?
2018-08-14T11:40:52 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - yes, I still haven\'t got it working
2018-08-14T11:41:07 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s fine, we\'re switching to Skype now.
2018-08-14T12:04:48 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-14T12:19:16 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-08-14T12:20:51 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-08-14T12:21:44 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-08-14T12:23:54 <the-t-in-rtf> @stegru, is your work on the new INI file handler part of GPII-2212?
2018-08-14T12:24:05 <the-t-in-rtf> I noticed a reference to that branch in universal master when I updated.
2018-08-14T12:24:12 <stegru> no..
2018-08-14T12:24:26 <the-t-in-rtf> so, the new INI file handler is master already?
2018-08-14T12:24:38 <the-t-in-rtf> in master
2018-08-14T12:24:49 <stegru> yes.. GPII-2365, it\'s in master
2018-08-14T12:24:54 <the-t-in-rtf> great, thanks.
2018-08-14T12:24:58 <stegru> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/635
2018-08-14T12:25:08 <the-t-in-rtf> My next question is, do I need to merge in GPII-2212 with my own work for all tests to pass?
2018-08-14T12:25:23 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, master uses it, are there tests in windows master that need changes from that universal branch?
2018-08-14T12:25:39 <stegru> why do you need 2212?
2018-08-14T12:25:43 <the-t-in-rtf> dude.
2018-08-14T12:25:49 <the-t-in-rtf> master of windows uses it.
2018-08-14T12:26:03 <the-t-in-rtf> I just want to know if I can use master of universal instead, basically.
2018-08-14T12:26:09 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. why is master of windows using that branch.
2018-08-14T12:26:27 <stegru> oh! 2212 is in master, on both repos
2018-08-14T12:26:42 <the-t-in-rtf> https://github.com/GPII/windows/blob/master/package.json#L20
2018-08-14T12:26:59 <stegru> ok, that shouldn\'t be like that
2018-08-14T12:26:59 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, I want to know if I need to update my UNIVERSAL pull
2018-08-14T12:27:12 <the-t-in-rtf> Ah, OK, so, no reason I have to use that.
2018-08-14T12:27:13 <the-t-in-rtf> great.
2018-08-14T12:27:15 <the-t-in-rtf> that\'s why I asked.
2018-08-14T12:27:23 <stegru> yes, sorry, didn\'t realise it was like that
2018-08-14T12:27:34 <the-t-in-rtf> it\'s fine, many eyes make shallow bugs, etc etc
2018-08-14T12:27:53 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'m never all that upset to find something that needs fixing as long as I can find someone who cares that it doesn\'t work.
2018-08-14T12:27:57 <stegru> Bosmon: https://github.com/GPII/windows/blob/master/package.json#L20
2018-08-14T12:48:09 <Bosmon> stegru - oh dear, sorry
2018-08-14T13:03:55 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-08-14T13:08:50 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-14T13:10:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-14T13:10:38 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-14T13:13:08 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-14T13:18:45 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-08-14T13:24:07 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-14T13:24:21 * simonjb has quit
2018-08-14T13:33:43 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-14T13:37:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-14T13:42:07 * colinclark has quit
2018-08-14T13:43:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-14T14:04:05 * cindyli has quit
2018-08-14T14:04:19 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-14T14:27:50 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-08-14T14:29:30 * jhernandez has quit
2018-08-14T14:29:40 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-08-14T14:31:13 * jhernandez has quit
2018-08-14T14:31:24 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-08-14T14:35:58 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-08-14T14:39:10 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-08-14T14:40:52 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-14T14:42:20 * yuriy has quit
2018-08-14T14:42:27 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-08-14T14:46:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-14T14:50:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-14T15:00:31 <alanharnum> shire
2018-08-14T15:00:36 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: should we do a planning meeting today? not sure how many people are available
2018-08-14T15:01:16 <gmoss> Justin_o: I was wondering the same thing. I\'m remote at the moment, but I could make myself available
2018-08-14T15:01:55 * Kavya joined the channel
2018-08-14T15:01:58 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-14T15:02:07 <Justin_o> gmoss: thanks.. if it\'s just the two of us we\'ll probably cancel though..
2018-08-14T15:02:28 <alanharnum> I\'m available as well, we could check in quickly
2018-08-14T15:05:26 <gmoss> Justin_o alanharnum: I\'m ready whenever!
2018-08-14T15:07:09 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-08-14T15:09:50 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-14T15:10:10 * yuriy has quit
2018-08-14T15:20:35 <gmoss> perhaps we could just give little updates at standup
2018-08-14T15:20:50 <Justin_o> gmoss: sorry.. yes.. that sounds better
2018-08-14T15:20:52 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-14T15:42:29 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-08-14T15:45:37 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-08-14T16:28:11 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-08-14T16:28:36 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-14T16:31:49 * yuriy has quit
2018-08-14T16:56:25 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-08-14T16:58:49 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-08-14T17:08:03 * alanharnum2 is now known as alanharnum
2018-08-14T17:37:50 * colinclark has quit
2018-08-14T17:38:57 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-08-14T17:41:27 * g2szeto has quit
2018-08-14T17:52:47 * danayo has quit
2018-08-14T17:59:54 * Kavya has quit
2018-08-14T18:08:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-14T18:19:54 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-14T18:23:52 * alanharnum1 joined the channel
2018-08-14T18:24:43 <alanharnum1> hangin\' out at 100 McCaul for a bit to make sure we don\'t need to activate robo-Gio again, back to the IDRC for 3:00 or so
2018-08-14T18:28:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-14T18:47:09 <Justin_o> gmoss: let me know when you\'d like to pair up.. I should be able to make time whenever
2018-08-14T18:47:34 <gmoss> Justin_o: thanks! I\'m just about to eat lunch quickly and I\'m good after that
2018-08-14T18:47:51 <Justin_o> gmoss: sounds good.. ping me when you\'re ready
2018-08-14T18:49:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-14T18:58:14 * simonjb joined the channel
'

