b'2018-07-17T18:17:35 <mrtyler> kubectl --namespace monitoring port-forward prometheus-k8s-0 9090 (or k8s-1 and 9091:9090)
2018-07-17T18:17:38 <mrtyler> Then:
2018-07-17T18:17:41 <mrtyler> http://localhost:9090 or http://localhost:9091
2018-07-17T18:18:28 <mrtyler> the grafana example shows a one-liner for calculating the name of a Pod like ppt which has a hash at the end
2018-07-17T18:18:36 <mrtyler> lmk if you need help adapting it for ppt
2018-07-17T18:18:38 <mrtyler> cc cindyli
2018-07-17T18:19:21 <mrtyler> er, you\'re trying to forward couchdb, which is in a StatefulSet and therefore Pod names are stable so:
2018-07-17T18:20:20 <mrtyler> kubectl -n gpii port-forward couchdb-0 5984
2018-07-17T18:22:41 <mrtyler> i just tried it with my dev cluster and, using the creds from modules/deploy/secrets/dev-tyler.gpii.net-secrets.yml, i\'m able to see snapsets with fauxton
2018-07-17T18:23:24 <javjarfer[m]> Hi Bosmon I was checking again what I passed you before
2018-07-17T18:23:44 <javjarfer[m]> And I haven\'t modified any of this tests payloads
2018-07-17T18:23:44 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-07-17T18:25:19 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:27:59 <Bosmon> javjarfer[m] - no, but you have modified the solutions registry, I imagine
2018-07-17T18:28:53 <cindyli> awesome! it works. thanks, mrtyler
2018-07-17T18:32:34 <mrtyler> :)
2018-07-17T18:35:41 <javjarfer[m]> Bosmon: true, I have added a new solution
2018-07-17T18:35:55 <javjarfer[m]> and also a common term for that new solution that appears in the error
2018-07-17T18:36:27 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-07-17T18:36:39 <javjarfer[m]> "http://registry\\.gpii\\.net/common/toggleKeys","
2018-07-17T18:36:50 <javjarfer[m]> But I don\'t know why it\'s detected and added to the actual test
2018-07-17T18:51:25 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:53:29 <alanharnum> michelled: gmoss\'s lunch is running a bit so we\'re going to try and meet at 3:45 instead
2018-07-17T18:53:49 <michelled> ok alanharnum thanks for letting me know
2018-07-17T18:57:25 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-07-17T19:10:27 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-07-17T19:12:23 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-17T19:14:33 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-17T19:19:01 <gmoss> alanharnum michelled: thanks for waiting, sorry about the delay. I\'ll actually be good at 3:30
2018-07-17T19:21:43 <stegru> hi cindyli... gpii.config.untrusted.development.local.json5 has both cloudBasedConfig and localConfig, and it\'s causing flowmanager (and other things) to be created twice, is this normal and intended?
2018-07-17T19:24:37 <stegru> nevermind... it does say it the comments
2018-07-17T19:25:20 <cindyli> haha, the flow manager should only be created once with both local and cloud FM configurations
2018-07-17T19:25:54 <cindyli> i\'m wrong, for untrusted, 2 flow manager instances will be created on different ports
2018-07-17T19:27:32 <stegru> yes, thanks cindy
2018-07-17T19:27:41 <stegru> I was thinking it was my crappy code that was causing problems
2018-07-17T19:34:10 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-07-17T19:38:06 <javjarfer[m]> Bosmon: The issue is solved if you add a new item to the payload for that test, the one that I added as a new common term
2018-07-17T19:38:26 <javjarfer[m]> but I didn\'t knew that adding a new common term means that I need to change some tests payloads
2018-07-17T19:41:59 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-17T19:43:08 * danayo has quit
2018-07-17T19:43:08 * danayo_ is now known as danayo
2018-07-17T19:45:28 <alanharnum> gmoss michelled: where should we meet?
2018-07-17T19:45:42 <gmoss> alanharnum michelled my room is open
2018-07-17T19:45:48 <gmoss> and colinclark would like to join us
2018-07-17T19:45:54 <colinclark> totally :)
2018-07-17T19:46:25 <gmoss> should we rope simonjb into this as well?
2018-07-17T19:47:26 <simonjb> I\'m happy to join, if it\'s useful
2018-07-17T19:50:23 <gmoss> simonjb: I thought maybe we would come back to the architecture discussion from a couple of weeks ago, but we\'re discussing something else
2018-07-17T19:50:52 <simonjb> gmoss: cool, ping me if you\'d like me to join
2018-07-17T19:51:02 <gmoss> simonjb: great, thanks! will do :)
2018-07-17T19:59:08 <sgithens> mrtyler: Thanks for the commands!  That\'s great, I will try it out shortly!!
2018-07-17T20:06:32 * cindyli has quit
2018-07-17T20:11:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-17T20:19:06 * cindyli has quit
2018-07-17T20:26:50 * jhung has quit
2018-07-17T20:33:50 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-17T20:38:10 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-07-17T20:48:28 <alanharnum> colinclark michelled gmoss: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6302
2018-07-17T20:55:36 * Hassany2 has quit
2018-07-17T21:23:23 * michelled has quit
2018-07-17T21:25:23 * avtar has quit
2018-07-17T21:29:47 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-17T21:41:17 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-17T21:48:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T22:02:19 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-17T22:20:44 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-17T22:51:22 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-17T23:06:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-17T23:06:57 * colinclark has quit
'

b'2018-07-17T00:56:26 * Justin_o has quit
2018-07-17T01:25:24 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-17T01:28:28 * jessm has quit
2018-07-17T01:42:50 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-17T03:15:45 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-17T03:51:30 * danayo has quit
2018-07-17T04:07:27 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-17T04:46:13 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-17T04:47:19 * danayo has quit
2018-07-17T04:47:19 * jhernandez has quit
2018-07-17T04:47:32 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-07-17T07:44:23 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-17T08:08:29 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-17T08:51:48 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-17T10:13:50 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-17T10:16:43 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-17T10:41:57 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-17T11:04:00 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-17T11:28:56 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-17T11:29:30 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-17T11:29:54 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-17T11:31:33 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, @cindyli @bosmon and others, I am heading into my Vidyo room now.
2018-07-17T11:31:40 <cindyli> coming
2018-07-17T11:32:00 <sgithens> be right there
2018-07-17T11:34:01 <Bosmon> Wow hey
2018-07-17T12:12:28 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-17T12:15:35 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-17T12:18:29 <sgithens> https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/aWld89xf/IMG_1653.jpg
2018-07-17T12:20:21 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-17T12:23:37 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-17T12:34:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T12:36:56 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-07-17T12:54:52 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-17T13:04:19 * jhernandez has quit
2018-07-17T13:04:35 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-07-17T13:13:38 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-17T13:16:48 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-17T13:27:02 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-07-17T13:28:51 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-17T13:29:46 * Hassany2 joined the channel
2018-07-17T13:30:08 * kunal joined the channel
2018-07-17T13:45:14 * kunal has quit
2018-07-17T13:46:31 * jhernandez has quit
2018-07-17T13:52:35 <jhung> fluid-everyone: design crit is starting in 8 minutes.
2018-07-17T13:55:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T13:58:26 * gtirloni has quit
2018-07-17T13:58:46 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:01:06 * clown_ joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:01:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:03:18 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:04:37 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:31:03 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:36:00 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:37:29 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:37:55 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:43:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T14:46:30 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-17T14:49:35 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-17T14:53:02 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will be just after 11 eastern today
2018-07-17T15:01:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-17T15:02:35 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning is starting soon
2018-07-17T15:04:24 * simonjb has quit
2018-07-17T15:08:41 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-17T15:10:14 <cindyli> Bosmon: are you going to write a jira for supporting "settings with memory" in preferences sets, the second task we talked this morning?
2018-07-17T15:10:18 <cindyli> if not, i will write one
2018-07-17T15:26:08 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-17T15:32:59 <cindyli> Bosmon: i\'ve created a jira for "settings with memory" - https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3213
2018-07-17T15:46:57 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-17T15:49:04 * sophie__ joined the channel
2018-07-17T15:49:12 * sophie__ has left the channel
2018-07-17T15:51:53 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-17T15:54:53 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-17T15:55:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-17T15:56:09 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-17T15:58:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:02:13 * Hassany2 joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:04:14 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:05:03 * danayo has quit
2018-07-17T16:05:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:10:06 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-17T16:11:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:11:15 * cindyli has quit
2018-07-17T16:18:36 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:23:49 <Bosmon> Thanks so much, cindyli
2018-07-17T16:24:06 <cindyli> np
2018-07-17T16:29:03 <cindyli> sgithens: just in case you are not aware, there\'s now a config file in the univesal master that starts perfs server with pouchDB for your PPT testing - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/configs/gpii.config.preferencesServer.standalone.development.all.local.json5
2018-07-17T16:34:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:40:44 * gtirloni has quit
2018-07-17T16:42:04 <sgithens> cindyli: Awesome thanks!  I\'m merge up to get that
2018-07-17T16:43:15 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:46:36 * gtirloni has quit
2018-07-17T16:47:43 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:49:15 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-17T16:49:28 <michelled> alanharnum: are you available to meet with us
2018-07-17T16:49:40 <alanharnum> michelled: sure, now?
2018-07-17T16:49:52 <michelled> yeah, that would be great
2018-07-17T16:49:56 <michelled> greg\'s room
2018-07-17T16:57:51 * avtar has quit
2018-07-17T17:02:42 * danayo has quit
2018-07-17T17:04:10 * VictorNG joined the channel
2018-07-17T17:06:56 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf: For the UL and gpii-express-user, that\'s backed by the regular express-session library right?  For the UL what session persistence backend were you using? In Memory, memcached, something else?
2018-07-17T17:09:29 <the-t-in-rtf> nope, just whether a user is stored in the express session, which I guess ultimately resolves to a cookie.
2018-07-17T17:10:09 <sgithens> so just whatever the default is
2018-07-17T17:10:24 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-17T17:12:34 <javjarfer[m]> Hi there Bosmon ! Good afternoon, I have a failure in the node tests from universal that I can\'t trace, do you know where this can came??
2018-07-17T17:12:37 <javjarfer[m]> https://pastebin.com/bmrn9dZM
2018-07-17T17:12:47 <sgithens> cindyli: I added my helm chart yesterday to my dev cluster for the ppt, which is cool, but then I was lookign in to exposing couchdb fauxton from my cluster for debugging and development . Have you done this on yours? mrtyler said it would be easier to use prometheus rather than setting it up to run through nginx like the flowmanager and prefsserver
2018-07-17T17:14:17 <Bosmon> javjarfer[m] - perhaps you changed one of the preference sets that the test depends on?
2018-07-17T17:14:24 <Bosmon> And now you need to update the test to match?
2018-07-17T17:16:16 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-07-17T17:18:41 <javjarfer[m]> > <@freenode_Bosmon:matrix.org> javjarfer[m] - perhaps you changed one of the preference sets that the test depends on?
2018-07-17T17:18:41 <javjarfer[m]> probably, but I don\'t know which is the preference set the test is referring to
2018-07-17T17:19:36 <Bosmon> Well there is only one which contains that data : P
2018-07-17T17:22:36 <Bosmon> Looks like the key is "np_ISO24751Only_singleContext_wildcardMetadata"
2018-07-17T17:24:07 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-17T17:24:15 <javjarfer[m]> > <@freenode_Bosmon:matrix.org> Well there is only one which contains that data : P
2018-07-17T17:24:16 <javjarfer[m]> Yes I see, but I thought that the preference set was visible in the output
2018-07-17T17:24:37 <javjarfer[m]> > <@freenode_Bosmon:matrix.org> Looks like the key is "np_ISO24751Only_singleContext_wildcardMetadata"
2018-07-17T17:24:37 <javjarfer[m]> the procedure is to look this key in the db for a match?
2018-07-17T17:24:57 <Bosmon> It\'s in gpiiKeys.json
2018-07-17T17:27:17 <javjarfer[m]> I can\'t find the key in the file...
2018-07-17T17:27:31 <javjarfer[m]> Should be inside the build directory true?
2018-07-17T17:27:47 <Bosmon> No, it\'s in the main source
2018-07-17T17:28:38 * VictorNG has quit
2018-07-17T17:32:06 <javjarfer[m]> Sorry, but the gpiiKeys.json in our repository only contains one entry
2018-07-17T17:42:48 <javjarfer[m]> Sorry Bosmon where have you find that key? I can\'t find it again
2018-07-17T17:44:30 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/preferencesServer/test/data/gpiiKeys.json#L14
2018-07-17T17:44:32 <Bosmon> It\'s right here
2018-07-17T17:44:51 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-17T17:45:35 <javjarfer[m]> the rule for skipping "node_modules" match from my editor finding did a great job
2018-07-17T17:45:38 <javjarfer[m]> Sorry Bosmon
2018-07-17T17:48:18 <cindyli> sgithens: sorry, i was in a meeting. no, i never tried to browse couchdb on my personal cloud
2018-07-17T17:48:47 <cindyli> can you let me know how to do it when you figure out? :)
2018-07-17T17:49:10 <sgithens> I will for sure
2018-07-17T17:49:20 <sgithens> I think it will make development much easier :)
2018-07-17T17:49:36 <cindyli> totally agree
2018-07-17T17:51:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:02:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:02:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:02:40 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:03:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:03:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:06:07 * simonjb has quit
2018-07-17T18:08:09 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-17T18:10:06 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:14:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:15:12 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-17T18:17:27 <mrtyler> sgithens: it seems we had a miscommunication yesterday. when i said "the prometheus/grafana example" i meant this, from `rake display_cluster_info`:
2018-07-17T18:17:30 <mrtyler> Prometheus:
2018-07-17T18:17:33 <mrtyler> First! Run:
'

