b'2018-02-20T14:02:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-20T14:12:13 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-02-20T14:18:58 * clown joined the channel
2018-02-20T14:25:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-02-20T14:31:02 * avtar joined the channel
2018-02-20T14:39:54 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-02-20T14:41:11 * palakgupta joined the channel
2018-02-20T14:45:40 <cindyli> Bosmon: i thought more about your suggestion for GPII-2630 branch about removing "gpii.test.pouch.pouchTestCaseHolder" from "gpii.test.integration.testCaseHolder" at https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/GPII-2630/gpii/node_modules/testing/src/Integration.js#L23, instead, supplying this grade in the test definitions such as https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/GPII-2630/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/test/PCPChannelTests.js#L
2018-02-20T14:45:40 <cindyli> 327
2018-02-20T14:46:22 <cindyli> looking more into tests that use "gpii.test.integration.testCaseHolder", they all perform the login, logout process: https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/GPII-2630/gpii/node_modules/testing/src/Testing.js#L404
2018-02-20T14:47:04 <cindyli> since now all the prefs data are saved in the database, the login logout cannot live without the presence of the pouchdb in tests
2018-02-20T14:47:50 <cindyli> so, i think it might makes more sense to keep "gpii.test.pouch.pouchTestCaseHolder" as a grade of "gpii.test.integration.testCaseHolder"
2018-02-20T14:48:24 <cindyli> so authors of integration tests don\'t have to worry about including it in the test definition
2018-02-20T14:48:29 <cindyli> what do you think?
2018-02-20T14:53:19 * michelled joined the channel
2018-02-20T14:53:26 <jhung> fluid-everyone: there will not be a design crit today.
2018-02-20T14:54:36 <Bosmon> cindyli - did I suggest removing it from the integration testCaseHolder?
2018-02-20T14:54:41 <Bosmon> I thought I suggested the opposite ...
2018-02-20T14:54:48 <Bosmon> But I have been very confused these last few days
2018-02-20T14:55:07 <Bosmon> Only on Thursday I was sure I saw a pull of the-t-in-rtf failing when now it isn\'t : P
2018-02-20T14:55:28 <Bosmon> cindyli - I\'m pretty I suggested *not* suppying the pouchdb in the individual test definitions .....
2018-02-20T14:55:35 <Bosmon> pretty -> pretty sure
2018-02-20T14:55:59 <cindyli> haha, probably i misunderstood it. ok, thanks
2018-02-20T14:56:54 <Bosmon> Because, wasn\'t your original problem caused by displacing an existing grade by supplying this in a test definition?
2018-02-20T14:58:48 <jhung> clown: are you familiar with DPUB Aria 1.0? https://www.w3.org/TR/dpub-aria-1.0/
2018-02-20T14:59:03 <cindyli> that\'s true. so the goal is to remove cases like https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/GPII-2630/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/test/PCPChannelTests.js#L327
2018-02-20T14:59:44 <clown> jhung, that depends on what you mean be "familiar".  I was aware of the work when I was participating in the general aria working group.  And saw some of the discussions.
2018-02-20T15:00:12 <cindyli> so, i probably should remove "gpii.test.pouch.pouchTestCaseHolder" from "gpii.test.integration.testCaseHolder" but create a more generic test function that can be used by all tests to add "gpii.test.pouch.pouchTestCaseHolder" onto the test definitions
2018-02-20T15:00:15 <clown> ask a question, and I might have an answer, jhung
2018-02-20T15:01:45 <jhung> clown - ok. No question currently. Ned from Pressbooks will be visiting today and he is interested in DPub-Aria 1.0. I may ping you for a discussion depending how the conversation goes. He will be here around 11a ET.
2018-02-20T15:02:37 <clown> okay.  does that mean the floe iteration meetin is moved?  I guess that\'s more a question for michelled
2018-02-20T15:03:38 <jhung> For now only I am the only one working w Ned, so no need to change the planning meeting for that clown and michelled.
2018-02-20T15:04:25 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-20T15:08:55 * palakgupta has quit
2018-02-20T15:12:40 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-02-20T15:18:54 * michelled1 joined the channel
2018-02-20T15:19:42 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes, a base grade like this would be helpful
2018-02-20T15:19:55 <Bosmon> There are some comments in Testing.js that point out that this hierarchy could be better factored
2018-02-20T15:20:21 <cindyli> will take a look on those comments too. thanks, Bosmon
2018-02-20T15:21:54 <Bosmon> Oh wow - dandimitrov - I now have your tests passing again, I just need to extract this into a fix
2018-02-20T15:22:05 <Bosmon> I was just going to write up the issue and I found I already did it 3 years ago ............
2018-02-20T15:22:08 <Bosmon> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5633
2018-02-20T15:23:59 <michelled1> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will be at 11:00 today
2018-02-20T15:25:36 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-02-20T15:38:40 * kavya joined the channel
2018-02-20T15:44:51 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-20T15:58:36 * clown joined the channel
2018-02-20T16:00:07 <kavya> jhernandez: Hi Javi
2018-02-20T16:00:30 <gmoss> michelled1: I\'m omw to the meeting, just waiting for Vidyo to fire up
2018-02-20T16:00:47 <michelled1> fluid-everyone: planning is starting now
2018-02-20T16:04:54 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-02-20T16:20:41 * simonjb has quit
2018-02-20T16:23:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-02-20T16:26:06 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-02-20T16:27:14 <gmoss> alanharnum: do you think you\'ll have some time today to talk about merging your work on SJRK-49 into my fork? perhaps after the meeting about the resources site?
2018-02-20T16:29:03 <alanharnum> gmoss: I should be able to make some time - I realized I\'ve got several meetings this afternoon so may just keep working from home, but we can find time to chat
2018-02-20T16:29:33 <gmoss> alanharnum: that would be great, whenever you have time. It\'s not a blocker so if we can\'t get to it today, that\'s okay
2018-02-20T16:30:06 <alanharnum> gmoss: I\'m eager to see the dynamic blocks implemented :)
2018-02-20T16:30:56 <gmoss> alanharnum: we now have the ability to add text blocks (as of Thursday), actually! no selecting or removing though :)
2018-02-20T16:31:40 <gmoss> alanharnum: michelled1 and I were briefly thinking about how to bend your dynamicViewComponent to be able to add more than one type of view component on demand, it poses a challenge
2018-02-20T16:32:15 <gmoss> alanharnum: but it\'s great to see it in action!
2018-02-20T16:32:45 <alanharnum> gmoss: yeah, I think we\'ll have to some refactoring of dynamicViewComponent - it\'s got some assumptions in the implementation that should be configurables
2018-02-20T16:34:15 * clown joined the channel
2018-02-20T16:36:28 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-20T17:05:34 * kavya has quit
2018-02-20T17:10:38 <simonjb> hi Bosmon, I\'m looking again at fluid-authoring today and I somehow missed that you had already done keyboard work in KeyboardSupport.js
2018-02-20T17:11:19 * jhung joined the channel
2018-02-20T17:11:30 <simonjb> but currently, I\'m getting errors that "event is not defined"
2018-02-20T17:11:31 <simonjb> https://github.com/amb26/fluid-authoring/blob/FLUID-4884/src/client/js/KeyboardSupport.js#L123
2018-02-20T17:12:13 <simonjb> Looks like it might just need a change to "evt"
2018-02-20T17:12:55 <simonjb> I wanted to check with you before I do more keyboard work how far you had got and where you were headed in terms of keyboard experience
2018-02-20T17:12:58 <simonjb> thanks!
2018-02-20T17:14:23 <simonjb> It looks to me like the intention is to navigate the components with the arrow keys is that right?
2018-02-20T17:14:31 <simonjb> and then tab within the components?
2018-02-20T17:14:59 <simonjb> That is, arrow to move between components and tab within
2018-02-20T17:21:32 <Bosmon> simonjb - that\'s right, yes
2018-02-20T17:21:36 <Bosmon> Thanks for catching the typo
2018-02-20T17:24:31 * amatas_ has quit
2018-02-20T17:25:52 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T17:26:40 * amatas_ has quit
2018-02-20T17:27:38 <simonjb> Bosmon: cool, thanks, I was initially planning on doing the inverse but hadn\'t realised that you had done all this work on it
2018-02-20T17:28:41 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'ve changed the structureViews to trees (nested uls) and arrow keys are the suggested mechanism for navigating those
2018-02-20T17:28:51 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T17:28:53 <simonjb> will need to give this some thought
2018-02-20T17:30:21 * amatas_ has quit
2018-02-20T17:31:48 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-02-20T17:31:58 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-20T17:34:47 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T17:35:07 * yuriy has quit
2018-02-20T17:51:11 * abhi9don joined the channel
2018-02-20T18:02:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-20T18:10:09 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-02-20T18:15:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-02-20T18:39:01 * amatas_ has quit
2018-02-20T18:49:05 <michelled1> alanharnum, danayo, sepidehshahi, grrrero: does 3:00 work for meeting about Floe resources?
2018-02-20T18:49:16 <alanharnum> michelled1: that works for me
2018-02-20T18:49:19 <grrrero> works for me michelled1
2018-02-20T18:49:26 <sepidehshahi> works for me michelled1
2018-02-20T19:09:20 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T19:14:18 <danayo> works for me michelled1
2018-02-20T19:14:39 <danayo> michelled1: I am so excited about all the partners work on SJRK! and that they are all eager to use the storytelling tool!!
2018-02-20T19:15:16 <michelled1> it\'s so awesome!
2018-02-20T19:15:27 <michelled1> I feel so energized after those meetings!
2018-02-20T19:15:52 <danayo> :D :D :D
2018-02-20T19:22:13 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli - I have one for you - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/876
2018-02-20T19:22:36 <cindyli> sure, Bosmon
2018-02-20T19:22:43 <Bosmon> Would you be able to look at it relatively soon since it is blocking the merge of the current Astea work of dandimitrov et al?
2018-02-20T19:24:29 <Bosmon> Not a vast rush since I think we aren\'t planning to get it in for tomorrow\'s build ....
2018-02-20T19:24:52 * michelled1 has quit
2018-02-20T19:30:26 * gtirloni has quit
2018-02-20T19:37:17 * amatas_ has quit
2018-02-20T19:38:19 * abhi9don has quit
2018-02-20T19:47:37 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-02-20T19:51:17 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-02-20T19:57:15 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-02-20T19:57:30 * michelled joined the channel
2018-02-20T19:59:10 <michelled> alanharnum, danayo, sepidehshahi, grrrero: my room is open for our meeting
2018-02-20T20:00:28 * yuriy has quit
2018-02-20T20:04:06 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-02-20T20:07:27 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-02-20T20:08:35 <cindyli> sorry, just saw ur msg, Bosmon, having a look now
2018-02-20T20:38:08 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-02-20T20:38:30 * gtirloni is now known as Guest87895
2018-02-20T20:40:11 * gtirloni has quit
2018-02-20T20:40:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-02-20T20:40:11 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-02-20T21:17:53 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T21:29:03 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-02-20T21:34:52 <simonjb> Bosmon: regarding the current ARIA markup on fluid-authoring, I see we are using aria-labels and role=button on editable text -- do we have other existing ARIA markup that I am missing?
2018-02-20T21:35:27 <simonjb> that is to say, aria-labels in general, not aria-labels on editable text
2018-02-20T21:35:37 <simonjb> role=button on editable text
2018-02-20T21:36:09 <simonjb> and aria-labels on components and structureView parts
2018-02-20T21:38:36 <Bosmon> simonjb - I don\'t think we have anything else
2018-02-20T21:38:43 * jhung has quit
2018-02-20T21:38:45 <simonjb> awesome, thanks Bosmon
2018-02-20T21:38:49 <Bosmon> All that we have has just resulted from the InlineEdit component, I imagine
2018-02-20T21:55:41 * alanharnum has quit
2018-02-20T21:58:37 * michelled has quit
2018-02-20T21:59:48 * clown has quit
2018-02-20T22:08:43 * simonjb has quit
2018-02-20T22:45:05 * avtar has quit
2018-02-20T23:16:47 * stegru has quit
'

b'2018-02-20T01:06:30 * foowalksintoabar has quit
2018-02-20T01:19:36 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-20T03:34:07 * debanjanah joined the channel
2018-02-20T03:34:19 * debanjanah has quit
2018-02-20T03:34:46 * debanjanah joined the channel
2018-02-20T03:38:15 * debanjanah has quit
2018-02-20T04:25:46 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-20T05:01:43 * AndroUser joined the channel
2018-02-20T05:02:06 * AndroUser has quit
2018-02-20T05:02:58 * abhi9don joined the channel
2018-02-20T05:34:26 * danayo has quit
2018-02-20T06:14:37 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-02-20T06:31:34 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I have just merged GPII/master into our GPII-2732 branch. You can proceed with the testing.
2018-02-20T07:23:03 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-02-20T07:42:02 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-02-20T07:59:36 * amatas joined the channel
2018-02-20T08:20:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-02-20T08:22:23 <abhi9don> Hello everyone, please help me to contribute in GSOC Inclusively Design & Build a Game for Kids project...I am new to GSOC so i dont know from where to starr
2018-02-20T08:22:26 <abhi9don> Start*
2018-02-20T09:22:58 * stegru joined the channel
2018-02-20T09:52:12 <Bosmon> georgitodorov ok, I try it out now
2018-02-20T10:36:17 <Bosmon> So stegru - what do we think of GPII-2869/2876
2018-02-20T10:36:51 <stegru> in what way, Bosmon?
2018-02-20T10:36:58 <Bosmon> So as I understand it, we moved the high contrast settings handler over from raw use of sethc.exe over to API at some point in history?
2018-02-20T10:37:06 <Bosmon> Sorry SPI
2018-02-20T10:37:22 <stegru> it\'s always been SPI
2018-02-20T10:37:25 <Bosmon> Ah ok
2018-02-20T10:37:32 <stegru> it\'s windows that invokes sethc
2018-02-20T10:37:34 <Bosmon> We just experimented with sethc.exe from time to time?
2018-02-20T10:37:56 <stegru> yes, it receives parameters that I didn\'t know the meaning of
2018-02-20T10:38:04 <Bosmon> ok
2018-02-20T10:38:14 <Bosmon> Do we know any more now that might justify risking the use of it?
2018-02-20T10:38:24 <Bosmon> Or what\'s your current thinking about a preferred strategy for GPII-2876?
2018-02-20T10:39:52 <stegru> I\'m not sure
2018-02-20T10:40:07 <stegru> under normal circumstances, high contrast works fine
2018-02-20T10:40:54 <stegru> so it would be better to have a "less nice" workaround for just when shutting down, rather than do it all the time
2018-02-20T10:41:15 <stegru> which means there needs to be an "i\'m shutting down" state
2018-02-20T10:41:32 <Bosmon> Yes, but it would make a bit of a mess of the architecture to have two settingsHandlers for a solution, to be used in different situations ....
2018-02-20T10:43:24 <stegru> I could look further into using sethc manually
2018-02-20T10:43:34 <Bosmon> Any other ideas?
2018-02-20T10:44:18 <stegru> somehow mark it as failed, keeping it in the crash log for you to sort out upon restart
2018-02-20T10:45:02 <stegru> I can fix it if gpii has admin rights
2018-02-20T10:45:25 <Bosmon> But I guess we\'ve generally planned not to do that
2018-02-20T10:45:35 <Bosmon> We are going to have this separate elevated privilege process, right?
2018-02-20T10:45:41 <Bosmon> The "access requester"?
2018-02-20T10:45:44 <Bosmon> I\'m starting to forget what that does
2018-02-20T10:46:03 <stegru> yes, but again there will be a special case for shutting down
2018-02-20T10:49:00 <Bosmon> Well, we could take the route of always operating this privileged SPI for this solution
2018-02-20T10:49:38 <stegru> it\'s not just being admin.. it\'s getting a process running in the context of the login desktop
2018-02-20T10:49:43 <Bosmon> ah
2018-02-20T10:49:53 <Bosmon> ok
2018-02-20T10:50:16 <stegru> i think the rule is "SPI can only change high-contrast if called in the active desktop"
2018-02-20T10:50:49 <Bosmon> Our endless game of "guess the rule" with Microsoft :)
2018-02-20T10:51:02 <stegru> first rule: there are no rules ;)
2018-02-20T10:52:06 <stegru> I\'m thinking investigating sethc further may be better - that would also be a better way of detecting when the setting has been applied
2018-02-20T10:52:38 <stegru> at the moment i wait for it to start, then wait for it to complete
2018-02-20T10:54:22 <stegru> I think that was my first task with gpii
2018-02-20T10:58:37 <Bosmon> stegru - yes, your first miracle
2018-02-20T10:58:58 <stegru> the solution: if timed out waiting for it to start, start it manually
2018-02-20T10:59:03 <stegru> https://github.com/stegru/windows/blob/GPII-2869/gpii/node_modules/spiSettingsHandler/src/SpiSettingsHandler.js#L106
2018-02-20T10:59:23 <stegru> high-contrast is already a special case
2018-02-20T10:59:24 <Bosmon> stegru - ok, so we already have a fair bit of special casing in this area
2018-02-20T10:59:30 <stegru> yeh
2018-02-20T10:59:35 <Bosmon> A little bit more won\'t break the bank :)
2018-02-20T11:00:27 <Bosmon> You could even issue a special query to determine whether the current desktop is the login desktop .........
2018-02-20T11:00:41 <Bosmon> Or I guess go whole hog and use sethc.exe for everything
2018-02-20T11:00:45 <stegru> yes, even better
2018-02-20T11:02:21 <stegru> it\'s an arse to debug while windows is shutting down
2018-02-20T11:06:18 <Bosmon> Yes, I can imagine
2018-02-20T11:06:32 <Bosmon> Perhaps you can connect to the debugger from another machine using its remote protocol?
2018-02-20T11:09:01 <stegru> yes that\'s what I always do, but it\'s other things like procmon
2018-02-20T11:17:59 * as_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T11:18:15 <as_> Hi
2018-02-20T11:18:42 <as_> can anyone tell me how to get into gsoc project
2018-02-20T11:20:40 <as_> my project is Import External Data to MyL3
2018-02-20T11:37:05 * as_ has quit
2018-02-20T11:44:25 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T12:05:18 <jhernandez> oh, interesting, now that I open the irc client\'s window, I\'m getting the notifications - :/
2018-02-20T12:05:58 <jhernandez> Bosmon: now I\'m reading your last message
2018-02-20T12:06:46 <jhernandez> I guess that you already can replicate the issue after pulling the last update from georgitodorov
2018-02-20T12:07:21 <Bosmon> jhernandez - yes, I am looking at it
2018-02-20T12:07:26 <jhernandez> ok, cool
2018-02-20T12:08:22 <jhernandez> how does it look?  is it a very "obscure" thing in the framework?
2018-02-20T12:08:36 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-02-20T12:13:31 <Bosmon> jhernandez - well, only a bit obscure
2018-02-20T12:15:56 <Bosmon> Hi, jhernandez, dandimitrov - I\'ve looked into the gpii-app test failures with the updated dependencies
2018-02-20T12:15:59 * abhi9don has quit
2018-02-20T12:16:41 <Bosmon> The problem unfortunately is due to running into this limitation: https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5502
2018-02-20T12:16:59 <Bosmon> There are a few places in the "SettingsBrokerTests" where there are two passive fixtures back to back
2018-02-20T12:17:06 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/blob/master/tests/SettingsBrokerTestDefs.js#L201
2018-02-20T12:17:09 <Bosmon> For example here
2018-02-20T12:17:40 <Bosmon> This causes a race condition between the two listeners which gives an essentially undetermined result, and can cause the test sequence fixtures to run off the end of its sequence array
2018-02-20T12:18:25 <Bosmon> I\'m very sorry for this limitation which I will fix "real soon now" but in the meantime the workaround is to try to find a way to rewrite this test sequence so that there is at most one listening fixture in a row
2018-02-20T12:19:03 <Bosmon> Because the result of the race was undetermined, it has been disrupted by the dependency update into resolving in a different ordering
2018-02-20T12:20:52 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I thought that the issue was with the webview and the survey tests
2018-02-20T12:21:19 <georgitodorov> The settingsBroker tests run fine on my machine
2018-02-20T12:24:12 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - they may have a further instance of the same failure
2018-02-20T12:24:23 <georgitodorov> And only yesterday did the webview and the survey tests start to fail. I think that FLUID-5502 is an older issue which was present in the testing framework version that we were using as we stumbled upon this bug a while ago.
2018-02-20T12:24:34 <Bosmon> Yes, they mysteriously appear to run fine, but they do trigger this same error if you look in the transcript
2018-02-20T12:24:54 <Bosmon> I think because the uncaught exception handler has been deactivated at the time this failure is triggered
2018-02-20T12:25:42 <Bosmon> Yes, I do get a test pass on the settings broker test, but we had better fix them since we are only likely to get a fresh failure in the future
2018-02-20T12:27:13 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - so, for example, in the survey tests you also have two listeners back to back: https://github.com/danailbd/gpii-app/blob/GPII-2732/tests/SurveysTestDefs.js#L81
2018-02-20T12:27:33 <Bosmon> In this case it seems the uncaught exception handler is in a different configuration and the exception causes the test to bomb
2018-02-20T12:28:07 <Bosmon> I notice that you already have a comment in this file about FLUID-5502 :)
2018-02-20T12:29:23 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Yes, the tests included more checks. I removed some of them because of this issue and they were running fine...
2018-02-20T12:31:46 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: So how do you propose that we fix the tests? If we cannot have two listeners back to back in some places, this will limit our ability to test the relative functionalities.
2018-02-20T12:37:02 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - yes, the tests may have to become less sensitive in some areas, I\'m sorry
2018-02-20T12:37:25 <Bosmon> But in general if there is one of the events which you are certain should be triggered later than the other, you can amalgamate some of the checks into that one
2018-02-20T12:37:57 <Bosmon> In some cases you may need to do crude things like having listeners set flags or increment counts which you check at a later time
2018-02-20T12:39:07 * kasparnet has quit
2018-02-20T12:41:23 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Is there a gracefully slow down an element in the test sequence?
2018-02-20T12:42:07 <georgitodorov> Because, for example, in the webview tests we need to make sure that the dialog is created (which fires an event) and only then to execute a JS command (which in turn also fires an event)
2018-02-20T12:42:31 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - yes, that is fine, since the execution of a JS command is an active element
2018-02-20T12:42:41 <Bosmon> The only problem is where there are two listening fixtures back to back
2018-02-20T12:43:02 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hmm
2018-02-20T12:43:11 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - but yes, the command execution will have to be hoisted up to be its own sequence element
2018-02-20T12:43:22 <Bosmon> You can\'t do it hidden inside the listener close of the 1st event
2018-02-20T12:43:28 <georgitodorov> Where are there such fixtures in the webview tests?
2018-02-20T12:43:30 <Bosmon> close -> closure
2018-02-20T12:44:08 <georgitodorov> As far as I can see, all event listeners are separated by at least one other sequence element.
2018-02-20T12:44:23 <georgitodorov> But is not be enough, I suppose.
2018-02-20T12:44:25 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - ok, I will investigate that one separately
2018-02-20T12:44:36 <Bosmon> I had just been working through the failures and reported the first ones I found....
2018-02-20T12:44:41 <Bosmon> I\'ll look at webview now
2018-02-20T12:46:11 * Victor_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T12:46:19 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Thank you! We\'ll look into ways of fixing the other two test sequences.
2018-02-20T12:49:06 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - ok, my suspicion here is that we have other form of framework bug, in that the framework is not properly unbinding the several listeners registered with {that gpii.app.surveyDialog}.events.onSurveyCreated
2018-02-20T12:49:13 <Bosmon> I\'ll work on characterising it and providing a fix
2018-02-20T12:52:02 * Victor_ has quit
2018-02-20T12:53:36 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Yes, this sounds reasonable. And the problem seems to occur when the surveyDialog is destroyed and then recreated.
2018-02-20T12:54:29 <georgitodorov> In the dialogManager test defs you can see that there is an element in the sequence that simply hides the surveyDialog without destroying it. Then, there is a listener for the onSurveyCreated event and it runs fine (because I guess that the previous instance is still alive).
2018-02-20T12:59:17 * Victor_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T13:03:23 * Victor_ has quit
2018-02-20T13:09:57 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-02-20T13:25:22 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-02-20T13:29:37 <Bosmon> jhernandez - you have fixed them... FR RREALS!
2018-02-20T13:30:45 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - oh yes, I can see the bug "by eye".... the framework assumes that the unbinding action should be the inverse of the binding action - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/test-core/utils/js/IoCTestUtils.js#L367
2018-02-20T13:31:18 <Bosmon> But this is not the case - if the component has been brought into existence as a result of the fixture, the unbinding action needs to actually remove the listener....
2018-02-20T13:31:47 <Bosmon> So this means that the very first listener which is bound will leak
2018-02-20T13:32:00 <Bosmon> I\'ll work on a fix + test case now ...
2018-02-20T13:32:25 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Great, thank you!
2018-02-20T13:37:15 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-02-20T13:45:40 <jhernandez> Bosmon: heh, you know, the { } dancing happens FOR REAL!  xD
2018-02-20T13:46:23 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-02-20T13:46:24 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-02-20T13:47:39 * yuriy has quit
2018-02-20T13:48:04 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-02-20T13:51:37 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-02-20T14:01:22 * yuriy has quit
2018-02-20T14:01:57 * jhung joined the channel
'

