b'2018-07-18T18:00:54 <cindyli> sgithens: shall we meet in my vidyo room?
2018-07-18T18:15:48 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting  Teemu Ropponen from MyData will be talking about "MyData - A human-centered approach to personal data management". You can participate in the collaborative note taking at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+%28July+18%2C+2018%29%3A+MyData+-+A+human-centered+approach+to+personal+data+management
2018-07-18T18:18:20 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-18T18:25:06 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-18T18:25:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T18:29:51 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-18T18:30:57 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: today\'s community meeting is about to start
2018-07-18T18:33:28 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-18T18:54:51 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-18T18:57:47 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-18T18:58:12 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-18T18:59:08 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T19:04:00 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-18T19:04:29 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-18T19:06:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-18T19:20:03 <Justin_o> slides for today\'s community meeting https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LXIIrT7gklJLPuNYB530dV72kJEk1QcbpjLgdjrR9cg/edit#slide=id.g3d40752c24_0_673
2018-07-18T19:21:37 * amatas has quit
2018-07-18T19:33:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-18T19:39:24 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-18T19:44:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-18T19:46:40 <cindyli> Bosmon, colinclark, kavya and I just met to talk about how she can test with GPII cloud. one thing she brought up is she uses keys such as "alice" to test. as you know, "alice" is a snapset that will be read only once clown\'s dataloader branch gets in the master. To test prefs update and save, the keys must be writable "user" keys.
2018-07-18T19:47:08 <cindyli> i wonder if we have a plan on what user keys can be used to test save to the cloud
2018-07-18T19:47:40 <cindyli> 1. shall we create some new keys in UUID with "user" flag?
2018-07-18T19:48:01 <cindyli> 2. or we keep the "user" flags on snapsets so they are writable
2018-07-18T19:48:18 <cindyli> the option 2 might be problematic
2018-07-18T19:48:38 <cindyli> because whoever updates the snapset last wins the update
2018-07-18T19:49:25 <mrtyler> cindyli: what does "create some new keys in UUID" mean?
2018-07-18T19:51:08 <cindyli> mrtyler: i mean i can create a temporary .json file that contains couchdb documents of some new user keys. these keys will have generated "_id"s in UUID so we can easily distinguish snapset ids and user ids
2018-07-18T19:52:03 <cindyli> this temp .json will be loaded into couchdb thru CD job
2018-07-18T19:52:17 <mrtyler> cindyli: i thought there was already a field to distinguish snapsets from "real" user perferences?
2018-07-18T19:52:39 <mrtyler> but regardless, that sounds like a reasonable solution to me, better than making snapsets writable
2018-07-18T19:53:00 <mrtyler> obv, please defer to the people you were trying to ask originally :) but thanks for explaining
2018-07-18T19:53:54 <cindyli> mrtyler: that\'s true. just that the flag in the field is not as straight forward to check against as looking at the couchdb UI all_doc UI. but that\'s fine too
2018-07-18T19:55:42 <mrtyler> oic
2018-07-18T19:59:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T20:13:48 <Bosmon> mrtyler - +1
2018-07-18T20:15:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-18T20:32:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-18T20:32:16 <cindyli> Bosmon: does that mean you agree on creating a temp json file with some user keys?
2018-07-18T20:34:37 <kavya> Cindyli: "create some new keys in UUID with "user" flag?" avoids updating preferences in cloud for users like Alice?
2018-07-18T20:34:43 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes
2018-07-18T20:35:14 <cindyli> yes, kavya. thanks, Bosmon. will create a jira and work on
2018-07-18T20:35:47 * Hassany2 has quit
2018-07-18T20:38:12 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-18T20:39:31 <kavya> this means that any user who keysin with "Alice" cannot make changes to settings right
2018-07-18T20:39:50 <cindyli> that\'s right, kavya
2018-07-18T20:39:54 <kavya> ok
2018-07-18T20:40:15 <cindyli> we need to make special keys for update
2018-07-18T20:41:11 <kavya> now i understand...so we cannot demo the cloud in August with any of existing users or snapsets
2018-07-18T20:41:12 <cindyli> actually, kavya, will you be the best person to come up with a list of these user keys with prefs sets that make sense to demo or test?
2018-07-18T20:41:18 <kavya> we need to create new ones
2018-07-18T20:41:41 <cindyli> yes
2018-07-18T20:42:36 <kavya> I may not be the right person Cindy, need to check with Sandra
2018-07-18T20:42:45 <cindyli> ok, let me know, kavya
2018-07-18T20:42:52 <cindyli> thanks
2018-07-18T20:42:53 <kavya> sure Cindy
2018-07-18T20:42:56 <kavya> thankas
2018-07-18T21:02:03 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-18T21:05:33 * clown has quit
2018-07-18T21:07:29 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-18T21:34:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T21:52:57 * gtirloni has quit
2018-07-18T21:53:03 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-07-18T21:58:51 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-18T22:04:24 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2018-07-18T22:06:57 * dandimitrov__ has quit
2018-07-18T22:16:03 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-18T22:25:27 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-18T22:55:41 * Justin_o has quit
2018-07-18T23:30:57 * stegru has quit
2018-07-18T23:45:57 * stegru joined the channel
'

b'2018-07-18T13:54:28 <colinclark> are you cool to initiate the team call in an hour on gotomeeting?
2018-07-18T13:54:39 <colinclark> also, can you think of other things we should consider a demo of today?
2018-07-18T13:56:00 <colinclark> jhernandez: oh i see that you already agreed to start the call, thanks
2018-07-18T13:58:29 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-18T14:18:27 <cindyli> hi sgithens, are you there
2018-07-18T14:24:53 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-18T14:26:52 * avtar joined the channel
2018-07-18T14:28:34 <jhernandez> colinclark: hey
2018-07-18T14:29:13 <jhernandez> yes, I\'ll open the room
2018-07-18T14:29:55 <jhernandez> and regarding other demos ... nothing that comes to my head at this moment
2018-07-18T14:30:25 <jhernandez> clown: the APCP meeting is happening in 30 mins, 11AM your time
2018-07-18T14:30:42 <clown> room 2, jhernandez?
2018-07-18T14:31:06 <jhernandez> that\'s right, room 2
2018-07-18T14:31:13 <jhernandez> ;)
2018-07-18T14:34:32 <clown> thanks, jhernandez.  see you there!
2018-07-18T14:34:49 <clown> well, actually, I won\'t see you since that room doesn\'t show participants...
2018-07-18T14:37:30 <amatas> clown: have you tried the web client?, it seems to work better than the desktop client
2018-07-18T14:37:46 <clown> amatas:  no.  how?
2018-07-18T14:38:46 <amatas> I sent to you the url of the room 2
2018-07-18T14:39:10 <amatas> I use chrome, and it works
2018-07-18T14:39:28 <clown> ah, I used FF.  switching over...
2018-07-18T14:40:26 <amatas> I use chrome (chromium) only for gotomeeting, FF for the rest of my web browsing
2018-07-18T14:43:27 <stegru> Best viewed in IE 4
2018-07-18T14:43:44 <clown> with the best css box model around...
2018-07-18T14:45:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T14:46:17 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-18T14:46:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T14:47:21 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-18T14:47:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T14:48:44 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-18T14:50:12 <colinclark> jhernandez: I hear rumors that georgitodorov and crew might also do a demo at the meeting :)
2018-07-18T14:50:42 <georgitodorov> colinclark: Yes, this is correct :) I will do a small demo about the save functionality
2018-07-18T14:50:49 <colinclark> amazing!
2018-07-18T14:50:51 <colinclark> thank you so much
2018-07-18T14:50:54 <colinclark> and sorry for the short notice
2018-07-18T14:51:05 <jhernandez> okay, if you\'re right, then I\'m looking forward to see the QSS performing updates on prefs sets from the cloud
2018-07-18T14:51:19 <georgitodorov> colinclark: Sure, no problem
2018-07-18T14:51:20 <jhernandez> georgitodorov: great! :)
2018-07-18T14:53:07 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-18T14:53:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T14:59:41 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-18T15:00:54 <stegru> *popcorn*
2018-07-18T15:00:59 <jhernandez> mm
2018-07-18T15:01:01 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-18T15:01:04 <jhernandez> colinclark: You aren\'t the organizer for this meeting, so it\'ll start as soon as the organizer arrives
2018-07-18T15:01:15 <jhernandez> can you open the room?
2018-07-18T15:01:34 <colinclark> You can\'t log in as the organizer?
2018-07-18T15:01:39 <jhernandez> if you can\'t, we can move over room3
2018-07-18T15:01:48 <jhernandez> nope, I have eugene\'s credentials
2018-07-18T15:01:50 <colinclark> I can try
2018-07-18T15:01:55 <jhernandez> and apparently, I can\'t start the meeting
2018-07-18T15:01:59 <jhernandez> :/
2018-07-18T15:01:59 <stegru> he\'s not the organ grinder
2018-07-18T15:02:04 <colinclark> I don\'t have it either
2018-07-18T15:02:07 <the-t-in-rtf> I have it.
2018-07-18T15:02:09 <the-t-in-rtf> just a sec.
2018-07-18T15:02:15 <colinclark> organize us up, T!
2018-07-18T15:02:16 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: to the rescue!!!
2018-07-18T15:02:23 <colinclark> woooo
2018-07-18T15:02:27 <jhernandez> xDD
2018-07-18T15:02:32 <the-t-in-rtf> gregg@raisingthefloorg.org, normal PW
2018-07-18T15:02:53 <mrtyler> i started it
2018-07-18T15:03:18 <the-t-in-rtf> OK, coming back in as a non-deity.
2018-07-18T15:03:20 <mrtyler> and i made jhernandez an organizer
2018-07-18T15:03:40 <mrtyler> and i made amatas a presenter
2018-07-18T15:06:13 <jhernandez> Bosmon: you around?
2018-07-18T15:06:29 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-18T15:06:46 <jhernandez> coming to the APCP meeting? we\'re in room3
2018-07-18T15:13:12 * kavya has quit
2018-07-18T15:18:13 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-18T15:20:16 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-18T15:21:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T15:25:16 <mrtyler> i think we determined antranig can\'t make it but fyi we are in room2 :)
2018-07-18T15:49:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T15:50:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-18T16:02:59 <stegru> thanks for staying to give demo georgitodorov
2018-07-18T16:03:17 <georgitodorov> stegru: sure :)
2018-07-18T16:06:29 <clown> great demo georgitodorov
2018-07-18T16:09:51 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-07-18T16:27:37 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-18T16:36:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: my FLUID-6177 PR is ready for more review. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/903
2018-07-18T16:37:00 <Justin_o> I got the PR to update by pushing another change, which incidentally was needed anyways.
2018-07-18T16:37:02 <Bosmon> Cheers Justin_o - I reported the non-updating of the PR to GitHub
2018-07-18T16:37:03 <Bosmon> Oh right
2018-07-18T16:37:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, did they say anything?
2018-07-18T16:37:35 <Bosmon> Well it was only a couple of minutes ago : P
2018-07-18T16:43:25 * kavya_ joined the channel
2018-07-18T16:43:57 * kavya has quit
2018-07-18T16:47:02 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-18T16:48:11 <sgithens> Did anyone record the qss demo meeting?
2018-07-18T16:48:40 <sgithens> cindyli: Does the smoketest for the flowmanager require the flowmanager to talk to the preferences server?
2018-07-18T16:51:20 <cindyli> sgithens: yes, the flow manager should be one of the privileged apps that can talk to the prefs server
2018-07-18T16:52:52 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-18T17:09:14 <sgithens> cindyli: I just wanted to make sure that, if we remove the smoketest for the prefsserver, that the smoketest for the flowmanager is a URL that actually causes the flowmanager to call the preferences server, so it\'s still checked
2018-07-18T17:12:00 * kavya_ has quit
2018-07-18T17:16:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah okay.. well i guess they won\'t have anything to look at now, but thanks for reporting it.
2018-07-18T17:17:13 <cindyli> sgithens: what smoke test do you refer to?
2018-07-18T17:18:12 <sgithens> cindyli: when you run rake from gpii-infra, after it deploys everything it tries to do curl commands to the preferences server and flowmanager
2018-07-18T17:18:18 <cindyli> sgithens: i also have some couchdb question for you, can we have a call when you have time?
2018-07-18T17:18:42 <cindyli> sgithens: i see what you mean
2018-07-18T17:19:05 <sgithens> cindyli: Sure, how about at the top of the hour?
2018-07-18T17:19:17 <sgithens> so like 2pm your time?
2018-07-18T17:19:32 <cindyli> have a call with kavya at 2
2018-07-18T17:19:42 <cindyli> what about 3pm my time
2018-07-18T17:19:47 <sgithens> sure
2018-07-18T17:19:52 <cindyli> ok. thanks
2018-07-18T17:21:24 <cindyli> let\'s check your smoke test question with mrtyler
2018-07-18T17:21:40 <mrtyler> hello, i like smoke tests
2018-07-18T17:21:45 <mrtyler> reading
2018-07-18T17:21:48 <cindyli> mrtyler: about this line - https://github.com/gpii-ops/gpii-infra/blob/master/aws/rakefiles/deploy.rake#L25
2018-07-18T17:22:10 <cindyli> would gpii-infra CD job have problem accessing prefs server
2018-07-18T17:22:25 <mrtyler> yes, if prefs server is not available from public internet
2018-07-18T17:22:36 <cindyli> ummm\xe2\x80\xa6
2018-07-18T17:23:04 <mrtyler> i think i\'m looking for an answer to steve\'s question: I just wanted to make sure that, if we remove the smoketest for the prefsserver, that the smoketest for the flowmanager is a URL that
2018-07-18T17:23:08 <mrtyler> actually causes the flowmanager to call the preferences server, so it\'s still checked
2018-07-18T17:23:14 <cindyli> mrtyler: but the line 29, the flow manager test wold not have problem, right - https://github.com/gpii-ops/gpii-infra/blob/master/aws/rakefiles/deploy.rake#L29
2018-07-18T17:23:52 <mrtyler> cindyli: correct. flowmanager.<cluster> will still be available from the public internet. preferences.<cluster> will not be available from the public internet
2018-07-18T17:24:08 <cindyli> ok.
2018-07-18T17:24:09 <mrtyler> (and in fact the preferences url will probably change from something like preferences.<cluster> to preferences.gpii.svc.cluster.local
2018-07-18T17:24:14 <mrtyler> )
2018-07-18T17:24:14 <sgithens> cindyli: Does line 29  require the  flowmanager to make a request to the preferences server
2018-07-18T17:24:21 <cindyli> yes
2018-07-18T17:24:27 <sgithens> cool
2018-07-18T17:24:29 <mrtyler> i.e. preferences will no longer have a public dns name
2018-07-18T17:24:33 <cindyli> so we can remove prefs server test but keep flow manager test
2018-07-18T17:24:38 <sgithens> that that would still smoke test the prefs server thing
2018-07-18T17:24:44 <cindyli> exactly
2018-07-18T17:24:46 <mrtyler> cindyli: yes, i think that\'s the proposal
2018-07-18T17:24:50 <cindyli> cool
2018-07-18T17:24:55 <mrtyler> sounds like we have consensus :)
2018-07-18T17:25:21 <sgithens> writing up the ticket now
2018-07-18T17:25:31 <cindyli> thanks, sgithens and mrtyler
2018-07-18T17:25:40 <sgithens> thank you cindyli!
2018-07-18T17:25:45 <mrtyler> +1
2018-07-18T17:26:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T17:27:30 <cindyli> sgithens: just realized my meeting with kavya is 3pm. can we still meet at 2pm?
2018-07-18T17:27:59 <sgithens> cindyli sure!
2018-07-18T17:28:05 <cindyli> great. thanks
2018-07-18T17:34:31 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-18T17:36:40 <sgithens> mrtyler: What\'s the correct parlance for whatever seperates our public nodes from our private ones?  Is it a firewall or something else?
2018-07-18T17:37:25 <mrtyler> hmm, i guess "inside the VPC" vs "outside the VPC" is most accurate
2018-07-18T17:37:41 <mrtyler> (where VPC = virtual private cloud, amazon\'s name for a network, basically)
2018-07-18T17:37:50 <sgithens> cool thanks
2018-07-18T17:38:11 <sgithens> would that be the same description for GCP?
2018-07-18T17:38:24 <sgithens> when we want to refer to nodes inside and outside of our XYZed
2018-07-18T17:41:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-18T17:52:20 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-18T17:53:54 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-18T17:56:05 <mrtyler> sgithens: yes, gcp also calls them VPCs
2018-07-18T18:00:16 * colinclark joined the channel
'

b'2018-07-18T00:03:05 * stegru has quit
2018-07-18T00:03:31 * danayo_ has quit
2018-07-18T01:54:32 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-07-18T02:08:35 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-07-18T02:32:32 * danayo_ has quit
2018-07-18T04:36:54 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-07-18T04:36:54 * danayo_ has quit
2018-07-18T05:07:50 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-07-18T05:10:43 * sgithens_ joined the channel
2018-07-18T05:16:29 * sgithens has quit
2018-07-18T05:16:30 * sgithens_ is now known as sgithens
2018-07-18T06:45:11 * mrtyler has quit
2018-07-18T07:17:30 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-07-18T08:04:37 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-07-18T08:16:06 <Bosmon> Hi there
2018-07-18T08:16:12 <Bosmon> Er, hi there dandimitrov__, georgitodorov
2018-07-18T08:16:34 <Bosmon> I\'m wondering whether one of you might be available at 4pm GMT today to give a short demo to the group about the status of QSS saving?
2018-07-18T08:18:08 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! What exactly should we demo?
2018-07-18T08:18:45 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - I was wondering whether it would be possible to show some fairly clunky workflow of the kind that I think you managed to walk through yourselves privately on Friday?
2018-07-18T08:19:08 <Bosmon> That is, i) keying in with some kind of key, ii) using the QSS, iii) keying out, and then iv) keying in again to show that the settings are saved?
2018-07-18T08:20:20 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Like what we showed on Monday\'s status call (but not in so much detail)? Sure.
2018-07-18T08:20:29 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - yes, like that
2018-07-18T08:20:33 <Bosmon> That would be great
2018-07-18T08:20:43 <Bosmon> Really awesome!
2018-07-18T08:21:24 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Where will we meet? Skype? In your Vydeo rooms (not sure about the spelling)?
2018-07-18T08:21:35 <georgitodorov> And anything else you want to see in that demo?
2018-07-18T08:22:08 <Bosmon> Meeting will be in gotomeeting Room 2
2018-07-18T08:22:17 <Bosmon> No, that will be more than enough thanks!
2018-07-18T08:24:30 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: No problem :)
2018-07-18T08:34:16 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-07-18T09:11:55 <javjarfer[m]> Hi there Bosmon ! Do you know if I was right about my comments from yesterday?
2018-07-18T09:18:12 <Bosmon> Hi javjarfer[m] - which comment in particular?
2018-07-18T09:27:29 <javjarfer[m]> Bosmon: oh, the one about the need of changing that particular test when adding a new common term
2018-07-18T09:27:39 * stegru joined the channel
2018-07-18T09:27:46 <Bosmon> javjarfer[m] - yes, you will need to change the test
2018-07-18T09:37:06 <javjarfer[m]> oh, okay, nice thanks
2018-07-18T09:37:12 <javjarfer[m]> Bosmon: wasn\'t sure about it
2018-07-18T11:12:20 * amatas[m] has left the channel
2018-07-18T11:14:28 * alf joined the channel
2018-07-18T11:14:37 * alf is now known as amatas
2018-07-18T11:14:51 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-07-18T11:15:27 <amatas> stegru: yes, the build of the installer is broken
2018-07-18T11:15:41 <stegru> fixing it now
2018-07-18T11:15:44 <amatas> C:\\installer\\setup\\setup.msbuild(7,3): error MSB4019: The imported project "C:\\Program Files (x86)\\MSBuild\\ExtensionPack\\4.0\\MSBuild.ExtensionPack.tasks" was not found.
2018-07-18T11:15:53 <amatas> oh, do you know where the problem is?
2018-07-18T11:16:01 <stegru> yes
2018-07-18T11:16:06 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: great
2018-07-18T11:16:07 <amatas> perhaps that package is outdated
2018-07-18T11:16:17 <stegru> typing my report
2018-07-18T11:16:50 <amatas> stegru: awesome, I owe you a burrito
2018-07-18T11:16:58 <amatas> a bastard burrito
2018-07-18T11:17:11 <stegru> i\'ll try the huge one
2018-07-18T11:17:29 <stegru> we can all share it
2018-07-18T11:17:45 <amatas> round-robbin burrito
2018-07-18T11:19:27 <javjarfer[m]> hahahah
2018-07-18T11:19:51 <javjarfer[m]> don\'t put too many spicy spices in it
2018-07-18T11:19:58 <javjarfer[m]> Or I will be out
2018-07-18T11:25:29 <stegru> haha, wimp
2018-07-18T11:25:43 <stegru> https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3218
2018-07-18T11:26:55 <jhernandez> super hot fat bastard burrito to share
2018-07-18T11:27:02 <jhernandez> :)
2018-07-18T11:27:26 <amatas> anyway IMHO the building of the installer should be a separate task from the provisioning. Sometimes you don\'t want to build the installer every time you spin up a new VM.
2018-07-18T11:28:45 <jhernandez> amatas: is there a way to tell the CI, DO NOT BUILD THE INSTALLER?
2018-07-18T11:28:57 <amatas> oh there is already a task to remove the installer from the gpii-windows: https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/179
2018-07-18T11:29:16 <jhernandez> if so, you would have a +1 from me
2018-07-18T11:29:30 <jhernandez> amatas: yes, we decided to not bulding it
2018-07-18T11:29:48 <amatas> jhernandez: yes, remove these two lines from the Vagrantfile: https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/blob/master/Vagrantfile#L33-L34
2018-07-18T11:29:58 <jhernandez> not anymore since we\'re going to deliver the gpii in the form of gpii-app
2018-07-18T11:29:59 <amatas> and move those commands to a npm task
2018-07-18T11:30:23 <jhernandez> and how can I tell CI to build the installer?
2018-07-18T11:30:26 <amatas> so the installer will be only built if you run the npm task
2018-07-18T11:30:30 <jhernandez> ok to build installer?
2018-07-18T11:30:45 <amatas> jhernandez: with a separate task, as the same way that we run the tests
2018-07-18T11:30:58 <javjarfer[m]> > <@freenode_jhernandez:matrix.org> super hot fat bastard burrito to share
2018-07-18T11:30:58 <javjarfer[m]> hahahaha
2018-07-18T11:31:43 <jhernandez> amatas: ok, got it, but, what if I want CI to run that npm script
2018-07-18T11:32:16 <jhernandez> ?
2018-07-18T11:32:21 <stegru> maybe we should make the installer repo depend on gpii-app? instead of the other way
2018-07-18T11:32:39 <stegru> and add gpii-wix to CI as a seperate thing
2018-07-18T11:32:45 <amatas> jhernandez: I guess that we can only build the installer if the tests pass
2018-07-18T11:32:57 <stegru> that would be better, amatas
2018-07-18T11:33:10 <amatas> makes more sense that the other way around
2018-07-18T11:33:35 <stegru> it takes forever and a day to build it, and i want the results yesterday!
2018-07-18T11:33:44 <amatas> stegru: also I remembered that the git directory is available for the local git of the VM, so we can get the info about the branch/commit
2018-07-18T11:33:52 <amatas> haha
2018-07-18T11:33:54 <stegru> yeh
2018-07-18T11:34:03 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-18T11:34:23 <jhernandez> amatas: building the installer at the end sounds fair to me
2018-07-18T11:34:26 <amatas> we can discuss all of these at the arch meeting
2018-07-18T11:34:36 <stegru> over our burrito
2018-07-18T11:34:45 <jhernandez> over our
2018-07-18T11:34:47 <jhernandez> shared
2018-07-18T11:34:51 <jhernandez> super spicy
2018-07-18T11:34:53 <stegru> yes, the spanish way
2018-07-18T11:34:53 <jhernandez> burrit
2018-07-18T11:34:55 <jhernandez> o
2018-07-18T11:34:57 <amatas> over our huge spicy shared burrito
2018-07-18T11:35:01 <jhernandez> haha
2018-07-18T11:35:15 <stegru> javjarfer[m] can just have the cabbage
2018-07-18T11:36:04 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: sure, but don\'t expect me to share my precious cabbage
2018-07-18T11:37:36 <jhernandez> xD
2018-07-18T11:39:10 <jhernandez> stegru: just commented on GPII-3218
2018-07-18T11:39:55 <stegru> what do you think about also pinning the version? (to 4.0.15) like with npm packages
2018-07-18T11:40:13 <jhernandez> aside from moving the creation of the installer into a npm script, we should get this fixed ASAP
2018-07-18T11:40:16 <jhernandez> dunno
2018-07-18T11:40:26 <stegru> we can bring it up later
2018-07-18T11:41:03 <jhernandez> I mean, according to Bosmon email to arch, where he recommends to pin to exact versions of things, we can stick to that version
2018-07-18T11:41:27 <jhernandez> but I\'m not sure whether that logic also applies here
2018-07-18T11:43:26 <jhernandez> in the other hand, and in this particular case, I prefer whatever is the last version and updating our bits as the version of that package evolves
2018-07-18T11:45:09 <jhernandez> stegru: what is your preference?
2018-07-18T11:48:18 <stegru> for now, I\'ve just fixed the error
2018-07-18T11:48:32 <stegru> but moving forward, yes, pin them
2018-07-18T11:49:05 <stegru> otherwise it means the same code today could produce a different build tomorrow
2018-07-18T11:50:47 <jhernandez> yes, that\'s so true too
2018-07-18T11:51:00 <jhernandez> ok, then, update and pin?
2018-07-18T11:51:04 <jhernandez> in one shot?
2018-07-18T11:51:21 <jhernandez> sounds reasonable to you?
2018-07-18T11:51:34 <stegru> yes ok
2018-07-18T11:51:47 <jhernandez> (of course, we must ensure that the new one produces a valid installer)
2018-07-18T11:52:17 <jhernandez> I\'ll test it right away
2018-07-18T11:52:43 <stegru> if only the CI let you download the installer ;)
2018-07-18T11:53:24 <jhernandez> mmm, my plan was building locally
2018-07-18T11:53:40 <jhernandez> and then, push the updates through
2018-07-18T11:53:59 <stegru> ok
2018-07-18T11:55:48 <stegru> i disagree with pinning it at this time - in favour of pinning all things in one go, jhernandez
2018-07-18T12:08:55 <jhernandez> okay, that also works for me
2018-07-18T12:09:38 <jhernandez> I will write up a JIRA for this
2018-07-18T12:09:40 <jhernandez> stegru: ^
2018-07-18T12:15:18 <jhernandez> I have just created https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3219
2018-07-18T12:15:22 <jhernandez> FYI
2018-07-18T12:20:37 <stegru> ok
2018-07-18T12:34:40 <stegru> jhernandez: I screwed up on the installer fix
2018-07-18T12:34:55 <jhernandez> ?
2018-07-18T12:35:12 <stegru> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-wix-installer/pull/37/commits
2018-07-18T12:35:24 <stegru> I did the wrong thing
2018-07-18T12:35:27 <stegru> but it\'s ok now
2018-07-18T12:36:01 <jhernandez> heh, I see https://github.com/GPII/gpii-wix-installer/commit/36663ac
2018-07-18T12:42:52 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-18T12:56:04 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-07-18T13:01:50 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-18T13:03:37 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-18T13:07:48 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-07-18T13:12:36 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-18T13:14:54 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-18T13:23:09 * dandimitrov__ has quit
2018-07-18T13:23:22 * dandimitrov__ joined the channel
2018-07-18T13:32:23 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-07-18T13:39:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-07-18T13:42:06 * Hassany2 joined the channel
2018-07-18T13:54:10 <colinclark> hey jhernandez, how\'s it going?
'

