b'2018-05-08T18:36:31 <alanharnum> simonjb: https://github.com/waharnum/learningDashboard/blob/FLOE-464/src/js/page.js
2018-05-08T18:38:59 <alanharnum> simonjb: https://github.com/waharnum/myl3/tree/FLOE-480/examples/inferredView
2018-05-08T18:53:21 <sgithens> cindyli: Any major changes on 2630 since last wednesday that I should pull in?
2018-05-08T18:55:18 <cindyli> sgithens: there were some changes but not major. one is to fix the conflicts with merging in the master. the other is to keep the individual prefs files for acceptance tests and auto convert them to db structure json files using the same npm postinstall step
2018-05-08T18:56:31 <cindyli> pulling in the latest 2630 should be harmless for you
2018-05-08T18:56:41 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-08T18:57:25 * danayo has quit
2018-05-08T18:57:57 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-08T18:58:58 <sgithens> cindyli: Great thanks!  Do you think we pretty close to it going in?
2018-05-08T18:59:31 <cindyli> sgithens: i think so. let\'s see how the code review goes
2018-05-08T18:59:52 <sgithens> :)
2018-05-08T19:02:08 * amatas has quit
2018-05-08T19:02:27 <Justin_o> gmoss, alanharnum: I think you can try to fire the onPrefsEditorRefresh event to trigger rerendering of the panels. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/framework/preferences/js/PrefsEditor.js#L302
2018-05-08T19:02:48 <Justin_o> however, this may not update the text of the "tab" that opens the sliding panel
2018-05-08T19:03:46 <alanharnum> thanks Justin_o
2018-05-08T19:20:27 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-08T19:25:20 <colinclark> neuralmilkhotel: Are we close to be able to deploy the new post to the Cities site?
2018-05-08T19:25:32 <colinclark> I think I\'m one sentence away from asking for simonjb and sepidehshahi\'s feedback again
2018-05-08T19:25:49 <colinclark> "being able," that is
2018-05-08T19:26:42 <neuralmilkhotel> colinclark: I\'m in the middle of converting the theme to Hugo -- we can deploy the post in HTML first?
2018-05-08T19:27:03 <sepidehshahi> No problem at all colinclark! please let me know when I should have a look at the post
2018-05-08T19:27:11 <colinclark> yes, we can deploy in HTML first
2018-05-08T19:27:25 <colinclark> I just want to know when we\'ll be ready to do that  :)
2018-05-08T19:27:29 <neuralmilkhotel> In that case it can go today if you like :)
2018-05-08T19:27:34 <colinclark> great
2018-05-08T19:28:13 <colinclark> sepidehshahi, simonjb: Maybe now is a good time to do another read through
2018-05-08T19:28:22 <colinclark> i\'m in a meeting but hopefully can finish it up right afterwards
2018-05-08T19:28:28 <sepidehshahi> for sure
2018-05-08T19:29:42 <simonjb> colinclark: I can read in through now
2018-05-08T19:29:46 <colinclark> thanks
2018-05-08T19:29:48 <colinclark> i hope the tone is right
2018-05-08T19:29:53 <colinclark> i dunno anymore :)
2018-05-08T19:30:11 <colinclark> please edit or rework or comment
2018-05-08T19:30:12 <colinclark> or anything :)
2018-05-08T19:52:06 * alanharnum has quit
2018-05-08T19:56:16 * jessm has quit
2018-05-08T20:04:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-08T20:45:06 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-08T20:57:22 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-08T21:09:21 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-08T21:12:22 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-05-08T21:14:03 <michelled> danayo_: are you still around?
2018-05-08T21:20:34 <danayo> yes
2018-05-08T21:21:26 <danayo> just having some food michelled, meet in 10?
2018-05-08T21:21:39 <michelled> yep!
2018-05-08T21:26:04 * stegru has quit
2018-05-08T21:41:31 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-05-08T22:00:10 * alanharnum has quit
2018-05-08T22:04:22 * janardan has quit
'

b'2018-05-08T00:01:48 * neuralmilkhotel has quit
2018-05-08T00:21:00 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-08T00:27:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-08T00:34:57 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-08T01:36:47 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-08T01:37:51 * jhung joined the channel
2018-05-08T01:39:19 * jhung joined the channel
2018-05-08T01:59:45 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-05-08T02:35:30 * danayo has quit
2018-05-08T02:48:22 * jhung has quit
2018-05-08T04:12:08 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-08T06:28:12 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-05-08T06:41:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-05-08T07:53:33 * stegru joined the channel
2018-05-08T08:03:30 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-05-08T08:05:01 * dandimitrov__ has quit
2018-05-08T08:19:56 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-08T08:52:57 * mrtyler has quit
2018-05-08T09:22:13 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-08T09:41:59 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-05-08T09:45:05 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-05-08T09:54:51 * amatas has quit
2018-05-08T09:54:54 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-08T09:55:51 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-08T09:57:01 * amatas has quit
2018-05-08T09:57:11 * amatas joined the channel
2018-05-08T10:05:19 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-05-08T10:08:45 * yuriy has quit
2018-05-08T10:18:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-08T10:43:34 <Bosmon> Hey there the-t-in-rtf
2018-05-08T10:43:39 <Bosmon> THanks for tracking down that monkey-patching
2018-05-08T10:44:00 <Bosmon> Do we have any ideas why it doesn\'t seem to suppress the output in trunk but does in your branch?
2018-05-08T10:44:47 <the-t-in-rtf> maybe there\'s something that cats the output that\'s stashed to the file?
2018-05-08T10:45:03 <the-t-in-rtf> I don\'t see anything that conditionally avoids performing the patch.
2018-05-08T10:45:09 <the-t-in-rtf> Let me look at master for a minute.
2018-05-08T10:45:32 <the-t-in-rtf> While you wait, I finally found a good candidate to dereference JSON Schemas: https://doc.esdoc.org/github.com/jdwije/jst/
2018-05-08T10:45:52 <the-t-in-rtf> Not only is it synchronous, but it\'s much faster than what we currently use.
2018-05-08T10:47:25 <the-t-in-rtf> Oh, I figured it out.  My copy of tests.js requires the package under testing.
2018-05-08T10:47:34 <the-t-in-rtf> It turns out this is not side-effect free.
2018-05-08T10:47:44 <the-t-in-rtf> I did that to pick up package-relative paths.
2018-05-08T10:49:24 <the-t-in-rtf> It doesn\'t look like my current approach uses those any more, so I can safely remove it.  Just confirming now.
2018-05-08T10:50:44 <the-t-in-rtf> Frick, JST has no browser support.
2018-05-08T11:00:11 <the-t-in-rtf> Looks like this is all we have left if we can\'t  use json-schema-ref-parser: https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-schema-deref-local
2018-05-08T11:00:23 <the-t-in-rtf> There are a few others, all are node-only.
2018-05-08T11:28:39 <the-t-in-rtf> Are we meeting on Skype?  Vidyo?
2018-05-08T11:29:14 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-05-08T11:30:27 <Bosmon> sgithens
2018-05-08T11:30:30 <Bosmon> Do you persist?
2018-05-08T11:30:40 <sgithens> sdduad
2018-05-08T11:30:45 <sgithens> skype?
2018-05-08T11:30:54 <sgithens> Bosmon
2018-05-08T11:31:03 <Bosmon> Yes
2018-05-08T11:42:51 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-05-08T11:52:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-05-08T12:10:04 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-08T12:20:48 * jhung joined the channel
2018-05-08T12:35:22 * simonjb_ joined the channel
2018-05-08T12:36:29 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-08T12:38:03 <the-t-in-rtf> Good news, everyone.
2018-05-08T12:38:04 <the-t-in-rtf> https://ci.gpii.net/job/gpii-app-test/227/console
2018-05-08T12:38:24 <the-t-in-rtf> My latest inspiration (requiring graceful-fs from the test rollup) eliminated the timeouts.
2018-05-08T12:38:32 <the-t-in-rtf> The console output now includes the test output as well.
2018-05-08T12:39:32 <the-t-in-rtf> I believe I managed to get rid of almost all of the "undefined" log messages, I only see one.
2018-05-08T12:39:48 <the-t-in-rtf> well, maybe more than that, but many fewer.
2018-05-08T13:04:28 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-05-08T13:11:38 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-08T13:17:00 * michelled joined the channel
2018-05-08T13:23:27 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-08T13:31:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-08T13:38:26 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-08T13:43:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-05-08T13:50:03 <jhung> fluid-everyone: the design crit will be starting in 10 minutes. We will be talking about the Story Telling tool today.
2018-05-08T13:51:07 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-08T14:01:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-08T14:02:36 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-08T14:08:59 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-05-08T14:36:27 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-05-08T14:55:07 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-05-08T14:55:22 <mrtyler> cindyli: good morning
2018-05-08T14:55:36 <cindyli> good morning, mrtyler
2018-05-08T14:55:51 <mrtyler> want to chat about your cluster?
2018-05-08T14:56:00 <cindyli> that would be great
2018-05-08T14:56:06 <mrtyler> vidyo?
2018-05-08T14:56:13 <cindyli> sure. opening my room
2018-05-08T14:56:19 <mrtyler> k. give me a couple minutes
2018-05-08T14:57:04 <cindyli> sure. room opened
2018-05-08T15:05:56 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-05-08T15:14:45 * stegru has quit
2018-05-08T15:17:30 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-05-08T15:17:41 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-05-08T15:23:24 * stegru joined the channel
2018-05-08T15:28:01 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-05-08T15:29:41 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning will be at 11:45 today
2018-05-08T15:31:11 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-05-08T15:40:34 <Justin_o> gmoss, michelled: would you have time to talk about the text-to-speech implementation you have for the story telling tool. I\'m working on one for the prefs framework and would like to make sure that the work is converging.
2018-05-08T15:41:50 <michelled> we used the existing infusion TTS component justin
2018-05-08T15:42:02 <gmoss> Justin_o: I\'ll be coming into the IDRC after planning, and i\'m free to discuss it any time after that
2018-05-08T15:42:31 <gmoss> but yes, as michelled mentioned, we used a fluid.textToSpeech component
2018-05-08T15:43:20 <gmoss> calling queueSpeech and passing in a string with the current values for various model endpoints
2018-05-08T15:44:56 <michelled> fluid-everyone: IDRC planning is starting soon
2018-05-08T15:45:45 * alanharnum has quit
2018-05-08T15:45:49 * yuriy has quit
2018-05-08T15:48:11 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-08T15:48:36 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-08T15:51:04 <Justin_o> gmoss, michelled: thanks, maybe just a quick chat. I\'m going to need to change up the TTS component a bit to satisfy some new requirements.
2018-05-08T15:57:16 * jessm joined the channel
2018-05-08T16:23:40 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-05-08T16:27:19 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-08T16:32:09 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-05-08T16:34:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-08T16:37:49 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-05-08T16:38:32 <Justin_o> simonjb: https://issues.fluidproject.org/projects/MYL3/summary
2018-05-08T16:38:41 <Justin_o> let me know if you need any components created for that
2018-05-08T16:47:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-05-08T16:55:51 * danayo has quit
2018-05-08T17:00:03 * kasparnet has quit
2018-05-08T17:12:58 * jhung joined the channel
2018-05-08T17:25:13 * janardan joined the channel
2018-05-08T17:33:26 * jhung joined the channel
2018-05-08T17:50:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-05-08T17:52:03 * danayo joined the channel
2018-05-08T17:53:56 * gtirloni_ has quit
2018-05-08T17:57:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-05-08T18:06:09 * jhung joined the channel
2018-05-08T18:13:26 <simonjb> hi alanharnum, I was chatting with michelled yesterday about MyL3 work that you had done; she pointed me to https://github.com/waharnum/myl3 and https://github.com/waharnum/learningDashboard I was wondering which repo/branch would be the latest work? thanks!
2018-05-08T18:17:17 <alanharnum> simonjb: https://github.com/waharnum/myl3/tree/FLOE-480 would be the latest work chronologically - I think https://github.com/waharnum/learningDashboard/tree/FLOE-464 would also be worth looking at for what it contains of the working demo from that period
2018-05-08T18:17:34 <simonjb> thanks alanharnum
2018-05-08T18:17:41 <simonjb> And I now see that we have a "Learning Dashboard" component under the FLOE project
2018-05-08T18:18:13 <simonjb> Should we stick with that? Rather than the new MyL3 project that we just made? michelled?
2018-05-08T18:18:29 <alanharnum> I\'m unsure how much of that work is useful fwiw - there\'s also a repo at https://github.com/fluid-project/myl3
2018-05-08T18:18:36 <simonjb> https://issues.fluidproject.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20FLOE%20AND%20component%20%3D%20%22Learning%20Dashboard%22
2018-05-08T18:18:55 <alanharnum> and a comment thread on some PRs I did back during the period: https://github.com/fluid-project/myl3/pull/1
2018-05-08T18:22:02 <simonjb> alanharnum, michelled: this work looks further along than I thought it might have been; I wasn\'t super-involved in the project back then -- has it changed a lot? is this work still relevant?
2018-05-08T18:22:46 <michelled> simonjb: my understanding of the dev work that was done is that alanharnum expected it to be thrown away and started over
2018-05-08T18:22:52 <alanharnum> simonjb michelled: I think some of the work might be relevant in an experimental sense, but no more than that
2018-05-08T18:23:03 <michelled> it was super rushed for a demo for T.J.
2018-05-08T18:23:33 <alanharnum> basically, i did  bunch of experimental dev work in late 2016, began to refine some of it for integration, then got pulled onto other projects and that work got dropped
2018-05-08T18:23:54 <alanharnum> if it\'s helpful I can walk you through the pieces of it that i think might be of conceptual interest
2018-05-08T18:24:35 <simonjb> yes, I think maybe having a chat the 3 of us might be useful
2018-05-08T18:24:47 <simonjb> and there are all the open issues at https://issues.fluidproject.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20FLOE%20AND%20component%20%3D%20%22Learning%20Dashboard%22
2018-05-08T18:24:51 <simonjb> 18 of them
2018-05-08T18:25:00 <simonjb> sorry, not all open
2018-05-08T18:25:16 <simonjb> 2 are resolved
2018-05-08T18:25:28 <simonjb> leaving 16 open or pull request
2018-05-08T18:26:38 <michelled> simonjb. alanharnum: we could talk for half an hour now, if you\'d like
2018-05-08T18:26:55 <alanharnum> michelled simonjb: sure, that works for me
2018-05-08T18:27:09 <simonjb> michelled, alanharnum: that would be great, thanks!
2018-05-08T18:27:32 <simonjb> my room is open
2018-05-08T18:27:40 <simonjb> we can meet there
2018-05-08T18:31:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
'

