b'2018-03-22T18:30:35 <hagerhosny19> into the *
2018-03-22T18:31:03 <danayo> Mayank43: what we want to see in the proposal is both a plan for the research part of the project (timeline and how you plan to approach the research, perhaps also how you plan to evaluate and document/share the results) as well as a plan for building the prototype (what you plan to use to build it, any initial ideas you have about how to build it and how it might work etc). It might help to include in your proposal some research results that you may have
2018-03-22T18:31:03 <danayo> already.
2018-03-22T18:31:46 <danayo> thanks hagerhosny19
2018-03-22T18:32:02 <hagerhosny19> welcome :D
2018-03-22T18:32:18 <danayo> prashasti: if you haven\xe2\x80\x99t already you might start by seeing if any of the projects here are of interest to you https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2018+with+the+Fluid+Project
2018-03-22T18:32:46 <prashasti> okay,thanks
2018-03-22T18:32:52 * prashasti has quit
2018-03-22T18:32:59 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-22T18:37:28 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T18:37:58 <Mayank43> I got some pointers to start.
2018-03-22T18:38:09 * sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2018-03-22T18:39:38 * yoyousuf67 joined the channel
2018-03-22T18:42:02 <yoyousuf67> Hello. I am interested in "Build a service for adaptive content and learning supports"and I wanted to ask about "Working with Natural Language in Javascript"
2018-03-22T18:42:36 <yoyousuf67> What exactly do we need to do for this feature
2018-03-22T18:43:05 * jhung has quit
2018-03-22T18:45:04 <alanharnum> yoyousuf67: assuming you\'re referring to the page at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Online+Dictionary+APIs+-+Options+and+Thoughts, that\'s part of the larger page talking about the range of dictionary-type libraries and services that are available
2018-03-22T18:46:33 <yoyousuf67> I have been researching resources for implementation of dictionary for English and non English languages but can\'t understand how NLP fits in there
2018-03-22T18:47:14 <alanharnum> It\'s just a note that some of the NLP libraries may includes some dictionary features.
2018-03-22T18:47:34 <alanharnum> In the larger context of the proposed GSoC project, NLP might be used to provide services like text simplification or meaning extraction, etc.
2018-03-22T18:48:26 <alanharnum> but in terms of language dictionaries, there\'s lots of options for those outside of NLP libraries.
2018-03-22T18:49:59 <yoyousuf67> thanks for explaining it.
2018-03-22T18:50:31 <alanharnum> you\'re welcome
2018-03-22T19:01:12 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:02:13 * yoyousuf67 has quit
2018-03-22T19:06:49 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-22T19:07:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:07:23 * aman__ joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:09:38 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:10:54 * Mayank43 has quit
2018-03-22T19:14:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:15:35 * Tsheppa2 joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:20:58 <Tsheppa2> Hello, I am interested in PhET simulation project for GSOC. I checked out the Balancing Act code and reveiwed the Phet Development Overview. What advice can you give me about what you want to see in my proposal and project? Thank you
2018-03-22T19:23:30 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:24:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:31:32 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-22T19:32:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:40:00 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:40:49 * colinclark_ is now known as colinclark
2018-03-22T19:41:15 <Tsheppa2> Is there a specific template or guidlines for the proposal?
2018-03-22T19:41:55 <hagerhosny19> Tsheppa2: here is the template https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/6584170814373888/
2018-03-22T19:43:27 <Tsheppa2> Thank You
2018-03-22T19:47:21 <Tsheppa2> Will I get feedback on how to improve my proposal if I submit it early or is it final once submitted through google?
2018-03-22T19:53:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-22T19:54:10 <cindyli> Bosmon: is it possible to use distributeOptions to distribute to a member option as a target, instead of an option?
2018-03-22T19:57:27 * amatas has quit
2018-03-22T19:59:49 * rbhatia46 joined the channel
2018-03-22T20:00:53 <rbhatia46> Hey colinclark, I was looking forward to work on the "Accessible Music User Interface Toolkit with Nexus.js" project this GSoC and had some doubts regarding the same.
2018-03-22T20:02:15 <rbhatia46> First of all, I wanted to ask that do we need to start from scratch or does there already exists a codebase ?
2018-03-22T20:04:13 * salmayehia has quit
2018-03-22T20:05:57 <colinclark> hey rbhatia46
2018-03-22T20:06:04 <kvuser> cindyli: I am little confused and need some help. We have defined $addslashes =  mysql_real_escape_string here:https://github.com/inclusive-design/AChecker/blob/master/include/vitals.inc.php#L104
2018-03-22T20:06:07 <colinclark> Well, there\'s Nexus.js :)
2018-03-22T20:06:14 <colinclark> Other than that, it\'s a new project
2018-03-22T20:06:17 <colinclark> so pretty much from scratch
2018-03-22T20:06:58 <kvuser> cindyli: Is it because mysql_real_escape_string is much secure than the default addslashes function ?
2018-03-22T20:19:22 <rbhatia46> Okay I am already having a look at Nexus.js
2018-03-22T20:19:33 <rbhatia46> Is there anything else I can do to get started for now.
2018-03-22T20:20:00 <rbhatia46> I am almost done with my proposal. Will be sending it soon through the GSoC portal so that I can get feedback as soon as possible :)
2018-03-22T20:21:00 <rbhatia46> I am well versed with all the basic frontend though and working with Javascript since a long time so thats not an issue.
2018-03-22T20:34:12 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: I uploaded my proposal can you please check it ,thanks
2018-03-22T20:42:07 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-22T20:48:46 * danayo has quit
2018-03-22T20:58:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-22T21:02:56 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-22T21:03:22 <cindyli> kvuser: mysql_real_escape_string() is specially for escaping strings that will be a part of a SQL statement
2018-03-22T21:03:34 * aman__ has quit
2018-03-22T21:04:05 * clown_ has left the channel
2018-03-22T21:04:54 <cindyli> addslashes() escapes some special chars but doesn\'t handle other special chars used by the sql statements
2018-03-22T21:04:59 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: thanks. will have a look
2018-03-22T21:07:54 <kvuser> cindyli: Yes, But the line mentioned above overwrites the default addslashes function? Therefore, there are many instances outside DAO class where addslashes can do the needful. But, if i change the definition of addslashes to mysqli_real_escape_string, it requires db link as a parameter.
2018-03-22T21:09:10 * michelled has quit
2018-03-22T21:13:37 <cindyli> yes, mysqli_real_escape_string() should only be used in DAO classes that deal with database manipulation
2018-03-22T21:14:44 <cindyli> if mysqli_real_escape_string() or $addslashes() is called outside of DAO classes, it worth to think twice if that is correct
2018-03-22T21:14:51 <cindyli> kvuser: ^
2018-03-22T21:15:36 <kvuser> OKay. Thanks. One more thing:
2018-03-22T21:15:54 <kvuser> cindyli: Can you check this line https://github.com/inclusive-design/AChecker/blob/master/include/classes/Updater/Patch.class.php#L194
2018-03-22T21:16:56 <cindyli> btw, $addslahes() is not overwriting the PHP built-in addslashes() function. note it\'s a variable instead of a fixed string
2018-03-22T21:18:39 <cindyli> kvuser: the use of mysql_real_escape_string() in the line you pasted can be replaced by a validation on filenames
2018-03-22T21:18:55 <cindyli> any other questions, kvuser?
2018-03-22T21:19:32 <kvuser> No, Thank you. Almost everything is clear now. :D
2018-03-22T21:20:54 <cindyli> cool. thanks, kvuser
2018-03-22T21:23:17 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2018-03-22T21:26:01 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-22T21:26:34 * gtirloni_ has quit
2018-03-22T21:32:08 * Tsheppa2 has left the channel
2018-03-22T21:39:13 * rbhatia46 has left the channel
2018-03-22T21:54:17 * gtirloni__ has quit
2018-03-22T22:01:17 * YehchanP has quit
2018-03-22T22:05:44 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-22T22:07:52 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-22T22:09:37 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-22T22:21:22 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-22T22:22:01 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-22T22:26:28 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-22T22:27:51 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-22T22:32:10 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T22:32:57 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-22T22:40:51 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-22T22:53:42 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-22T22:57:35 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-22T23:06:21 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-22T23:07:49 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-22T23:16:43 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-22T23:16:43 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-22T23:19:33 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-22T23:22:00 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-22T23:29:27 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-22T23:35:00 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T23:39:15 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-22T23:50:09 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-03-22T23:50:22 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
'

b'2018-03-22T15:30:22 * alanharnum_away joined the channel
2018-03-22T15:31:02 * shivam_vyas1 has quit
2018-03-22T15:32:31 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-22T15:34:52 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T15:35:45 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-22T15:40:23 <ShadX_> Justin_o: Hey i made some changes for FLUID-4731
2018-03-22T15:41:03 <ShadX_> Please check them out when you get time
2018-03-22T15:41:46 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-22T15:48:14 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-22T15:49:06 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-22T15:51:01 * michelled has quit
2018-03-22T15:56:31 * shivam_vyas1 joined the channel
2018-03-22T15:59:18 * shivam_vyas has quit
2018-03-22T16:02:18 * Sushant has quit
2018-03-22T16:06:24 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T16:13:21 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-22T16:21:34 * danayo has quit
2018-03-22T16:22:23 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-22T16:28:39 * shivam_vyas joined the channel
2018-03-22T16:29:19 * kavya has quit
2018-03-22T16:30:50 * shivam_vyas1 has quit
2018-03-22T16:41:15 * alanharnum_away joined the channel
2018-03-22T16:41:57 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-22T16:45:45 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-22T16:50:41 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-22T16:54:28 * gtirloni_ has quit
2018-03-22T16:54:46 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-22T16:58:11 <stegru> amatas: I\'ve made a little batch file for han to run, which may provide some information... https://gist.github.com/stegru/3ea55f314afb02c7d2d7f395a65e7f01
2018-03-22T16:58:18 <stegru> can you think of anything else?
2018-03-22T16:59:50 * alanharnum_away joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:00:18 <stegru> example output: https://pastebin.com/nPWCbE2T
2018-03-22T17:00:18 <amatas> let me check
2018-03-22T17:01:25 <amatas> looks great stegru!
2018-03-22T17:01:45 <amatas> I\'m very interested on the logs of filebeat, but it seems that han didn\'t sent to us
2018-03-22T17:01:51 <stegru> yes
2018-03-22T17:01:59 <stegru> i wish we had shell access
2018-03-22T17:02:17 <amatas> also the connection test is very useful
2018-03-22T17:02:31 <amatas> me too, but even the timezone is a problem
2018-03-22T17:02:44 <amatas> is not easy to troubleshoot the problem
2018-03-22T17:04:33 * alanharnum_away has quit
2018-03-22T17:06:21 <stegru> i know!
2018-03-22T17:06:31 <stegru> if we could ssh into it, we could do it right now
2018-03-22T17:25:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:25:23 <sgithens> To be clear, contexts are now called Preferences Sets, which is not too hard to me to shift cognitively, but if you were to refer to the artifact at universal/testData/preferences/alice.json, you would say that is a ________________
2018-03-22T17:26:44 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:27:02 * alanharnum_away joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:27:04 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:27:35 <sgithens> Bosmon cindyli jhernandez
2018-03-22T17:28:48 <gtirloni> json file :P
2018-03-22T17:28:53 * gtirloni hides
2018-03-22T17:29:14 <sgithens> hahahahah
2018-03-22T17:29:31 <sgithens> I know that there are larger things being assembled that will be called safes
2018-03-22T17:29:43 <Bosmon> sgithens I really have no idea what that file is called
2018-03-22T17:29:52 <sgithens> but just the pieces that list the preference sets (contexts)
2018-03-22T17:30:18 <Bosmon> Currently this file does indeed mirror the structure, largely, of what we will put in a "Preference safe"
2018-03-22T17:30:47 <sgithens> but there is other account information that goes in a safe right?
2018-03-22T17:31:08 <sgithens> This is esentially a Users List of Preference Sets
2018-03-22T17:31:13 <Bosmon> sgithens - who knows!
2018-03-22T17:31:24 <sgithens> I mean, cindy made that diagram
2018-03-22T17:31:30 <sgithens> it\'s clear there is lots of other stuff in it
2018-03-22T17:31:32 <Bosmon> What does it say?
2018-03-22T17:31:35 * alanharnum_away has quit
2018-03-22T17:31:42 <Bosmon> Well if there is lots of other stuff in it, we will put it into these files
2018-03-22T17:32:05 <sgithens> this is so wierd
2018-03-22T17:32:47 <Bosmon> These files are intended to be "total persistence on behalf of a user/key"
2018-03-22T17:33:09 <sgithens> I guess you could just pluralize it, if you\'re trying to write software that uses variables to store values
2018-03-22T17:33:20 <sgithens> preferenceSet and preferenceSets
2018-03-22T17:35:09 <Bosmon> It\'s an idea
2018-03-22T17:35:34 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:35:43 * alanharnum_away joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:35:56 <sgithens> hmm, looking closer I suppose it might actually just be prefSet and prefSafe
2018-03-22T17:37:44 <sgithens> although internally, I still feel the urge to make the variable names as contexts since the actually key name inside is prefSafe.preferences.flat[\'contexts\']
2018-03-22T17:39:10 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:39:18 * Guest28121 is now known as clown_
2018-03-22T17:39:24 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:39:44 <cindyli> sgithens, Bosmon: the content of that file is transferred to prefsSafe.preferences field in GPII-2630 branch, which implements the new data model
2018-03-22T17:39:52 <cindyli> for ur reference - https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Keys,_KeyTokens,_and_Preferences
2018-03-22T17:40:47 <cindyli> in "GPII keys" table, there\'s a field called "prefsSetName", which maps to "context" that sgithens pointed out
2018-03-22T17:41:41 <sgithens> cindyli: Hi CIndy!  Thanks.
2018-03-22T17:42:07 <sgithens> When do you think 2630 is going to go in?  I\'m assumign these are pretty big changes right?
2018-03-22T17:42:28 <cindyli> right now, the value of "prefsSetName" is defaulted to "gpii-default" since we don\'t support the use case that a GPII key associates with a specific contex
2018-03-22T17:42:28 <sgithens> I\'m wondering if I should check it out myself and prep for the PPT to be able to read from it
2018-03-22T17:43:13 <sgithens> cindyli: I\'m assuming it defaults to going to flat prefs as well?
2018-03-22T17:45:01 <sgithens> and GPII-2630 includes all the new prefsafes stuff, like name/password/email?
2018-03-22T17:45:57 * michelled has quit
2018-03-22T17:46:21 * jhung has quit
2018-03-22T17:46:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-22T17:46:23 <clown_> am i connected?
2018-03-22T17:46:29 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-22T17:46:40 <clown_> looks like it
2018-03-22T17:46:57 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:46:58 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:47:03 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-22T17:47:17 <sgithens> we had a PTT review yesterday, and pretty soon I\'m going to need to bolt on the authentication/login etc, and I assume will need all this stuff from GPII-2630 to do that
2018-03-22T17:47:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:47:22 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:47:30 <clown_> cindyli:  are you there?
2018-03-22T17:47:31 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:47:33 <sgithens> we had a PTT review yesterday, and pretty soon I\'m going to need to bolt on the authentication/login etc, and I assume will need all this stuff from GPII-2630 to do that (reposting for cindyli
2018-03-22T17:47:44 <mrtyler> i\'m having connectivity issues with the idrc
2018-03-22T17:47:57 <mrtyler> fyi gtirloni
2018-03-22T17:48:04 <clown_> mrtyler:  so am I and others in the IDRC
2018-03-22T17:48:17 <cindyli> i\'m back. ya, something wrong with the internet connection in IDRC
2018-03-22T17:48:18 <mrtyler> looks like inbound connections die after a bunch of cogent links
2018-03-22T17:48:57 <mrtyler> looks like it just started in the last 10-15 minutes
2018-03-22T17:49:25 * clown_ has left the channel
2018-03-22T17:49:25 <cindyli> sgithens: well, it seems you first need the authentication/login design from UX team ;)
2018-03-22T17:49:35 * clown_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T17:49:49 <sgithens> well, I can do some plumbing and render a few ugly buttons
2018-03-22T17:50:52 <mrtyler> seems like it\'s better now
2018-03-22T17:51:21 <sgithens> this client credentials table in the new data model is just the OAuth for 3rd party applications (or our applications) for connecting to the could manager) right?  It\'s not like the OAuth for a user who just wnated to use google to authenticate to their safe instead of an email?
2018-03-22T17:51:36 <gtirloni> mrtyler: thanks for the heads up
2018-03-22T17:51:40 <cindyli> sgithens: I feel that we need to know PPT will act as an app running on user machine, like PSP, or as a centralized website before we can design the technical authentication flow for it
2018-03-22T17:52:04 <cindyli> correct, sgithens
2018-03-22T17:52:06 <sgithens> it will be a centralized website for now
2018-03-22T17:52:12 <gtirloni> cindyli: if the idrc office is having networking issues, then it\'s probably OCAD\'s link. if it continues we might have to involve OCAD\'s IT
2018-03-22T17:52:28 <cindyli> good to know, thanks, gtirloni
2018-03-22T17:52:32 <gtirloni> for me it looks okay, I wonder if it\'s a specific routing issue
2018-03-22T17:52:47 <cindyli> sgithens: good to know too. then PPT may not need the client credentials
2018-03-22T17:54:32 <sgithens> but, imagine if a Normal Person User was going to log in to their safe with like Google instead of a password, those fields would need to be added to the prefsSafe right?  I know I\'ve seen that type of stuff on UX mockups already
2018-03-22T17:55:46 <sgithens> but even forgetting that and just assuming people use our passwords, does GPII-2630 already include the functionality to set/hash passwords for that field, and then authenticate/check them?
2018-03-22T17:57:56 <cindyli> sgithens: no, GPII-2630, including the whole GPII universal I believe, doesn\'t have any implementation related to safe account/password
2018-03-22T17:58:06 * Justin_o has quit
2018-03-22T17:59:02 <sgithens> cindyli: Ok cool, but it does have the fields stubbed right, even if we\'re not doing anything with them yet?
2018-03-22T17:59:35 <cindyli> exactly, it is designed into the document structure to accommodate future implementation for safe accounts
2018-03-22T17:59:41 <sgithens> awesome
2018-03-22T17:59:55 <sgithens> I should check out your branch then
2018-03-22T18:00:16 <sgithens> cheers to the max
2018-03-22T18:02:11 * YehchanP joined the channel
2018-03-22T18:03:38 <cindyli> thanks, sgithens
2018-03-22T18:04:05 * janardan joined the channel
2018-03-22T18:04:39 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: why we need to find a replacement to html dom parser  it works with php7 ?
2018-03-22T18:05:26 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: if so, upgrading the current library could be an option
2018-03-22T18:12:44 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-22T18:17:05 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-22T18:17:18 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-22T18:18:54 * Mayank43 joined the channel
2018-03-22T18:20:37 * shivam_vyas has quit
2018-03-22T18:20:43 <Mayank43> hello everyone , I am interested in project idea Inclusive Design Guide Digital-Print copy workflow prototypes , I am preparing it\'s proposal, may I know what exactly mentors are looking for in the proposal ?
2018-03-22T18:20:56 <Mayank43> I mean the implementation , poc\'s ?
2018-03-22T18:24:06 * prashasti joined the channel
2018-03-22T18:24:18 <prashasti> hey there
2018-03-22T18:24:30 <prashasti> I want to contribute for gsoc
2018-03-22T18:24:35 <prashasti> can anyone help?
2018-03-22T18:26:29 <jhung> Hi Mayank43, danayo and myself are the mentors for that project. What would you like to know?
2018-03-22T18:26:52 <prashasti> I am good in C,C++ AND JS
2018-03-22T18:27:01 <prashasti> I am a front-end developer
2018-03-22T18:27:10 <prashasti> I know PHP and mysql
2018-03-22T18:27:28 <prashasti> I just want to know how can I start to contribute?
2018-03-22T18:30:28 <hagerhosny19> prashasti: I\'m not a mentor but i will tell what i have done . First of all i downloaded the project code and tried to understand it ,solve some issues , do some researches related to the requirements . finally put your results intothe proposal .
'

b'2018-03-22T00:12:53 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-22T00:24:43 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-22T00:31:04 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-22T00:42:09 * stegru has quit
2018-03-22T01:31:09 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-22T02:09:58 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-22T02:10:44 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-22T02:27:24 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-22T02:39:30 * danayo has quit
2018-03-22T02:40:24 * Tsheppa2 joined the channel
2018-03-22T02:56:52 <Tsheppa2> Hello, I am interested in PhET simulation project for GSOC. I checked out the Balancing Act code and reveiwed the Phet Development Overview. What advice can you give me about what you want to see in my proposal and project? Thank you
2018-03-22T03:13:23 * Tsheppa2 has quit
2018-03-22T04:06:45 * jeevan joined the channel
2018-03-22T04:11:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-22T04:28:14 * jeevanprakash joined the channel
2018-03-22T04:28:17 * jeevan has quit
2018-03-22T04:39:46 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-22T05:20:09 * grrrero has quit
2018-03-22T05:32:27 * yoyousuf67 joined the channel
2018-03-22T05:37:43 * Sushant joined the channel
2018-03-22T05:42:24 * Sushant has quit
2018-03-22T06:47:45 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-22T06:53:13 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-22T07:16:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-03-22T07:49:56 * yoyousuf67 has quit
2018-03-22T08:00:43 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T08:00:49 * kasparnet has quit
2018-03-22T08:24:24 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-22T08:41:49 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-22T09:19:02 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T09:20:33 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-22T09:23:27 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-22T09:29:28 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-22T09:53:35 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-22T11:04:24 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-22T11:07:35 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-22T11:24:01 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! I am trying to load the giant messageBundles.json file using the "fluid.resourceLoader" component. However, this gradeName definition is not available when requiring the infusion module.
2018-03-22T11:25:32 <georgitodorov> As far as I can tell, when using the `require("infusion")` statement, the file `fluid.js` located in the `src\\module` folder of the infusion module is loaded
2018-03-22T11:25:50 <georgitodorov> But this file does not have a definition of the "fluid.resourceLoader"
2018-03-22T11:26:12 <georgitodorov> However, this definition is available in the infusions versions located in the `dist` folder
2018-03-22T11:26:34 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-22T11:26:34 <georgitodorov> Am I missing something? How do you load resources asynchronously in other places?
2018-03-22T11:29:13 * amatas has quit
2018-03-22T11:29:56 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-22T11:30:13 * amatas has left the channel
2018-03-22T11:33:18 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-22T11:39:31 * amatas has quit
2018-03-22T11:49:26 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - it\'s not available in the node module, no, because it uses client-side AJAX to load the resources
2018-03-22T11:49:43 <Bosmon> We could certainly make a portable version of it that uses node I/O and accepts the same configuration
2018-03-22T11:50:22 <Bosmon> But the current fluid.resourceLoader is backed by jQuery\'s AJAX impl
2018-03-22T11:54:24 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I guess this means we will have 2 different mechanisms for loading the messageBundles in the main and in the renderer process?
2018-03-22T11:55:26 <Bosmon> Well it\'s a shame isn\'t it - I suggest that we do indeed write a node-side resourceLoader
2018-03-22T11:55:50 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Can\'t we simply use the `require` function in the main process?
2018-03-22T11:56:11 <Bosmon> You mean to require the message bundle as pure JSON?
2018-03-22T11:56:14 <Bosmon> Sure
2018-03-22T11:56:35 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: yes, this was what I was thinking of
2018-03-22T11:56:51 <georgitodorov> That can also be used in the renderer process
2018-03-22T11:57:12 <Bosmon> Oh really
2018-03-22T11:57:14 <Bosmon> Interesting
2018-03-22T11:57:21 <Bosmon> How come?
2018-03-22T11:57:32 <Bosmon> And, is it synchronous?
2018-03-22T11:57:36 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: We do have access to the `require` in the renderer process
2018-03-22T11:57:44 <georgitodorov> Unfortunatelly, it is synchronous, yes
2018-03-22T11:58:02 <georgitodorov> Which may not be desirable in the UI portion of the application
2018-03-22T11:58:20 <georgitodorov> On the other hand, the app won\'t be useful without the messageBundles anyway...
2018-03-22T11:59:41 <Bosmon> Well it\'s fine being synchronous, it just means less trouble : P
2018-03-22T12:00:17 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Do you think we should still make it asynchronous? At least in the renderer process?
2018-03-22T12:05:28 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - no point making extra trouble for yourselves
2018-03-22T12:05:55 <Bosmon> We\'ll be rewriting all this resource loader infrastructure anyway, so you may as well do what is quickest and use "require" on both sides
2018-03-22T12:06:38 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-22T12:12:49 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-22T12:30:42 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyone who\'s working on gpii-app using OS X High Sierra?
2018-03-22T12:30:52 <the-t-in-rtf> I can google things, but I can\'t even run npm install at the moment.
2018-03-22T12:31:00 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-22T12:32:11 <the-t-in-rtf> it fails to build ffi.
2018-03-22T12:32:28 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-22T12:33:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-22T12:40:02 <the-t-in-rtf> Looks like it\'s because windows doesn\'t have a new enough version of ffi.
2018-03-22T12:41:42 <the-t-in-rtf> I understand the package is meant to be used on windows, but it should be safe to include windows elsewhere, IMO.
2018-03-22T12:42:02 <the-t-in-rtf> ugh, it passes in windows.
2018-03-22T12:44:24 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, I\'ll just work in a VM for now, as gpii-app also only works in Windows.
2018-03-22T12:46:08 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-22T12:47:08 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-22T12:49:31 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Thank you, we will proceed with the `require` approach
2018-03-22T12:58:00 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - yes, I tried updating our node-ffi but it failed through some incomprehensible problem
2018-03-22T12:59:41 <the-t-in-rtf> master is using 2.2.0, which is new enough.
2018-03-22T13:00:01 <the-t-in-rtf> the install of gpii-app doesn\'t get far enough in OS X to see who\'s building what with "npm ls", I\'ll try that from a VM.
2018-03-22T13:00:57 <the-t-in-rtf> huh.
2018-03-22T13:01:03 <the-t-in-rtf> maybe my branch of windows uses it.
2018-03-22T13:01:23 <the-t-in-rtf> no, I was mistaken, it\'s still go 2.0.0
2018-03-22T13:01:27 <the-t-in-rtf> got
2018-03-22T13:14:22 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:17:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:17:18 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:17:48 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:31:52 <the-t-in-rtf> The gpii-app tests bombed out for me with a permission dialog about electron.
2018-03-22T13:32:04 <the-t-in-rtf> I clicked that manually and reran, but is that normal?
2018-03-22T13:33:15 <the-t-in-rtf> plus I ended up with the magnifier permanently enabled.
2018-03-22T13:33:19 * yoyousuf67 joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:33:48 <the-t-in-rtf> that turns out to be super useful in reading logs in a VM window, but seems like it wasn\'t intentional.
2018-03-22T13:34:38 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, all I\'m trying to do is run the gpii-app tests in preparation for adding test coverage, the tests at least for master don\'t pass for me in a Vagrant VM.
2018-03-22T13:35:18 <the-t-in-rtf> If that\'s normal or there\'s a branch that most people are starting from, I\'d love to hear about it.
2018-03-22T13:43:26 * jessm joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:44:55 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:47:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:48:54 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:49:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:51:00 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:51:07 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-03-22T13:51:44 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:51:57 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-22T13:52:14 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-22T13:52:21 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:55:21 * simonjb_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T13:55:27 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-22T13:55:39 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-22T14:02:17 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-22T14:03:30 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-22T14:04:07 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-22T14:04:48 * Sushant joined the channel
2018-03-22T14:05:54 <Sushant> alanharnum : can you please elaborate about \'Build a service for adaptive content and learning supports\' project idea?
2018-03-22T14:06:47 <alanharnum> Hello Sushant, I\'m in a meeting right now and can\'t respond in detail, but if you have questions that aren\'t covered on the project page on our wiki, feel free to send them by email to aharnum@ocadu.ca
2018-03-22T14:07:08 <yoyousuf67> Hello everyone. I am interested in working on the project "Build a service for adaptive content and learning supports". Will the selection will be solely on the basis of proposal  or do we need to create a simple dictionary web service on top of some dictionary services and libraries?
2018-03-22T14:07:19 <Sushant> Alanharnum : No issues. Thanks.
2018-03-22T14:07:42 <alanharnum> yoyousuf67: Our selection has to be solely on the basis of the proposal, though it\'s all right for a proposal to include sample code, prototypes, etc
2018-03-22T14:08:39 <alanharnum> but you aren\'t required to do anything beyond the proposal submission in order for us to consider you
2018-03-22T14:08:45 * alanharnum is now known as alanharnum_away
2018-03-22T14:08:58 <yoyousuf67> Thsnk You for the response
2018-03-22T14:09:14 <yoyousuf67> *Thank
2018-03-22T14:16:23 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-22T14:24:18 * yoyousuf67 has quit
2018-03-22T14:51:32 * shivam_vyas1 joined the channel
2018-03-22T14:53:53 * kavya joined the channel
2018-03-22T14:59:44 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-22T15:00:55 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-22T15:01:36 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: related to Achecker ,in the GSoC proposal should i put a sample code to the changed libraries or just mention the selected libraries with mentioning the reasons
2018-03-22T15:03:27 <hagerhosny19> and can you guide me with the specs of a good proposal to be accepted
2018-03-22T15:04:34 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-22T15:05:38 <shivam_vyas1> Hi, the-t-in-rtf .
2018-03-22T15:11:07 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: you don\'t need to put sample code. The proposal should show your study/research results how a to do list of upgrade tasks and your plan to accomplish each
2018-03-22T15:11:13 <cindyli> sorry, just saw ur msg
2018-03-22T15:12:14 <cindyli> also, keep in mind to have a test plan, and update documentation
2018-03-22T15:14:08 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: is there is anything to do to be an added value to my proposal ,sorry if it\'s a silly question
2018-03-22T15:14:11 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: use the application template on the IDRC organization page - https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/6584170814373888/
2018-03-22T15:15:46 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: i\'ll ,thank you
2018-03-22T15:15:50 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: well, a clear, thorough and well-considered plan is the key, i think
2018-03-22T15:16:34 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-22T15:17:18 <cindyli> hagerhosny19: i will review your draft and make suggestions before you submit it as the final
2018-03-22T15:18:49 <hagerhosny19> okay ,many thanks :D
2018-03-22T15:29:46 * shivam_vyas joined the channel
'

