b"2018-07-06T20:43:17 <sgithens> mrtyler: I think that makes.  Actually right now when you go do download a prefs in the PPT it is just the prefsset, I'll leave that the way it is and add another download icon for the entire safe
2018-07-06T20:44:48 <mrtyler> sounds good
2018-07-06T21:06:03 * clown has quit
2018-07-06T22:41:30 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-06T22:47:45 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-06T23:09:16 * kasparnet has quit
"

b'2018-07-06T00:09:29 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-06T00:43:35 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-06T01:09:06 * danayo has quit
2018-07-06T02:57:32 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-06T07:24:41 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-07-06T08:28:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-06T09:44:21 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-06T09:46:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-06T10:38:31 * gmoss has quit
2018-07-06T10:38:44 * gmoss joined the channel
2018-07-06T11:03:58 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-07-06T11:09:36 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-06T11:11:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-06T11:52:36 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-06T12:13:44 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-07-06T12:36:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m having some problems with a singleton component..  In one of my tests I add it as a subcomponent ( the singleton component would normally be somewhere higher up in the tree, but i\'m trying to just test a component in relative isolation). However, trying to refer to one of it\'s methods in my listener doesn\'t resolve
2018-07-06T12:36:48 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o
2018-07-06T12:36:55 <Justin_o> this came up as i was trying to make use of the event pipeline for queue speech
2018-07-06T12:36:56 <Bosmon> Could you show the structure that you have?
2018-07-06T12:37:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  okay, i\'ll paste a few code snippets here
2018-07-06T12:38:07 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/tYvHycdN/
2018-07-06T12:39:01 <Justin_o> that\'s the original code definition, the issue comes up with the onQueueSpeech.queueSpeech listener on line 76
2018-07-06T12:39:18 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2018-07-06T12:39:24 <Justin_o> this is the grade used by the test
2018-07-06T12:39:34 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/wuoH6RMk/
2018-07-06T12:39:59 <Justin_o> which adds this grade to include the fluid.textToSpeech singleton grade.
2018-07-06T12:40:14 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/RTuc2ELx/
2018-07-06T12:41:34 <Justin_o> the definitions for fluid.textToSpeech and the mock can be seen here https://github.com/jobara/infusion/tree/FLUID-6177/src/components/textToSpeech/js
2018-07-06T12:41:58 * gtirloni_ has quit
2018-07-06T12:42:49 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-07-06T12:45:04 <Bosmon> Justin_o - and what message do you get?
2018-07-06T12:45:49 <Justin_o> "Assertion failure - check console for more details: Failed to resolve reference {fluid.textToSpeech}.queueSpeech - could not match context with name fluid.textToSpeech from component { typeName: "fluid.tests.orator.domReader" gradeNames: ["fluid.orator.domReader","fluid.tests.orator.mockTTS","fluid.tests.orator.domReader"] id: 3zbh90ix-125} at path domReaderTests-3zbh90ix-111,domReader component: [object Object]"
2018-07-06T12:46:31 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the problem will most likely be that the component hasn\'t been constructed yet
2018-07-06T12:46:53 <Justin_o> the tts subcomponent?
2018-07-06T12:46:55 <Bosmon> You may want to switch to using my FLUID-6148 branch
2018-07-06T12:47:07 <Justin_o> is there a way to force that to happen, or do i just have to add it somewhere else?
2018-07-06T12:48:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you know when your FLUID-6148 branch will be going into master?
2018-07-06T12:48:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - just as soon as you review it :)
2018-07-06T12:50:14 <Bosmon> Or indeed, anyone else
2018-07-06T12:51:06 <Justin_o> hmm...
2018-07-06T12:51:48 <Justin_o> i\'m in a bit of a time crunch as i need to get the self voicing stuff, plus a few other features into UIO+ by the end of this month
2018-07-06T12:53:18 <Bosmon> OK
2018-07-06T12:53:35 <Bosmon> In the absence of this you\'ll just have to do something crude to make sure that your component is constructed in time
2018-07-06T12:53:42 <Justin_o> looks like sgithens left you a a couple of comments on both of your PRs for it
2018-07-06T12:53:55 <Bosmon> Yes, he has been working through it from time to time
2018-07-06T12:55:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you have a recommendation for the crude approach? I tried adding a member in the next to the subcomponent to access it\'s id, but that didn\'t seem to help
2018-07-06T12:56:32 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you really only have two options - i) use some kind of crass explicit sequencing that constructs one thing first procedurally, ii) try to trigger the discovery of the component through the existing rather weak ginger mechanism, that would involve visiting the component\'s path in its known parent explicitly
2018-07-06T12:56:40 <Bosmon> For example you could try visiting {mockTTS}.tts
2018-07-06T12:57:12 <Bosmon> I see you already have this member in there
2018-07-06T12:57:34 <Bosmon> So it looks like you might need to win the race one level further up
2018-07-06T12:57:34 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-07-06T12:58:07 <Justin_o> perhaps i need to put it in the environments grade instead of in the component that is being tested?
2018-07-06T12:58:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that would help, yes
2018-07-06T13:00:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i\'ll try that first.. i\'ll try to come back to your branch from time-to-time as time permits... if no one else gets to it before me.
2018-07-06T13:02:29 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-06T13:02:34 <Bosmon> Cheers!
2018-07-06T13:02:58 <Bosmon> I know it\'s a big task, but it would be useful to push on it since it clearly fixes bugs that we are encountering fairly regularly
2018-07-06T13:04:35 * gtirloni_ has quit
2018-07-06T13:06:42 <Justin_o> that\'s very true.. it will be great to have it in
2018-07-06T13:08:25 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-06T13:10:39 * jhung joined the channel
2018-07-06T13:16:29 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-06T13:21:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-06T13:39:29 * kavya joined the channel
2018-07-06T13:43:30 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-07-06T13:48:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-06T13:54:27 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-06T13:54:42 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-07-06T13:55:08 <Justin_o> colinclark: hello.. i was talking with Gregg and Bern yesterday about UIO+. They\'d like to add some more low contrast options based on some windows themes. They are a bit different than our existing themes in that they make use of more than 2 colours, so there will need to be some changes to or a new set of theming styles helpers made. Do you think this is something we\'ll want to add to UIO in Infusion?
2018-07-06T13:55:42 <Justin_o> colinclark: here\'s the GPII issue https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3156
2018-07-06T13:59:23 <colinclark> Seems like it\'s probably ideal new functionality for UIO
2018-07-06T14:00:08 <colinclark> So most of these seem to show eight different colour parameters for a theme, is that right?
2018-07-06T14:03:28 <Justin_o> yes, i believe that\'s correct
2018-07-06T14:06:18 <Justin_o> potentially we can look at restructuring all of our themes in a similar way, or just having a separate theming file for these
2018-07-06T14:10:36 * kavya has quit
2018-07-06T14:13:01 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-06T14:13:40 <Justin_o> colinclark: ^
2018-07-06T14:13:57 <colinclark> that sounds like a good plan to me
2018-07-06T14:17:17 <Justin_o> okay thanks
2018-07-06T14:53:42 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-07-06T14:58:42 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-06T15:20:50 <stegru> Bosmon: about the "High/Low Contrast" QSS item, would it be a problem if the low-contrast themes are in a different solution than the high-contrast ones?
2018-07-06T15:40:58 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-06T15:42:05 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-06T15:57:00 * Hassany2 joined the channel
2018-07-06T17:04:10 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-06T17:05:55 <sgithens> @the-t-in-rtf I need to respond your comment still, but just a quick note is that they are broke because I\'m reading prefssafes from the prefs server now instead of prefs sets from the testData folder and need to update those tests still.
2018-07-06T17:06:12 <sgithens> working through them now
2018-07-06T17:07:16 <the-t-in-rtf> That\'s great, thanks, @sgithens, I was hoping to put in that quick pull, obviously that\'s an easier conversation if the tests pass... ;)
2018-07-06T17:07:40 <the-t-in-rtf> There\'s zero chance I\'ll look at that until Monday, buit if it\'s there early next week that\'d be awesome.
2018-07-06T17:07:46 <the-t-in-rtf> s/buit/but/
2018-07-06T17:08:04 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf, awesome, they should be back in order by then
2018-07-06T17:08:09 <sgithens> thanks
2018-07-06T17:09:18 <sgithens> I had a pretty good review of it yesterday with Kavya so she can start working with it for the windows 10 features, and then your jaws ones too
2018-07-06T18:18:01 <sgithens> Bosmon jhernandez How often are we rolling new builds of the GPII-App, in general and for APCP?  Do you know if currently or when the local version of the demo system is going to have a local universal that\'s reading from pouchdb for the prefssafes rather than testData/preferences?
2018-07-06T18:18:58 <sgithens> When kavya is testing with the PPT, which is cued up to save in *ouchdb now, I\'m wondering if she\'ll need to sync in an entire prefssafe, or just the prefssets still
2018-07-06T18:26:24 <jhernandez> stegru: re how often, we roll them as they are required, either for testing or for deployment at the AJCs
2018-07-06T18:30:44 <jhernandez> re using prefsafes, right now  I don\'t have the big picture in mind, but certainly, the time is coming. Back in Toronto, I talked to cindyli about doing a full update through gpii-app and start testing the new model, but not sure whether we are still missing any loose end
2018-07-06T18:31:40 <sgithens> jhernandez cool
2018-07-06T18:31:41 <sgithens> thanks
2018-07-06T18:32:05 <jhernandez> oops, yeah, I meant sgithens
2018-07-06T18:32:15 <jhernandez> :*
2018-07-06T18:32:30 <sgithens> no worried :p
2018-07-06T18:32:39 <sgithens> s/ied/ies/
2018-07-06T18:35:36 <jhernandez> sgithens: btw, when you think you\'re ready with the PPT for testing, let me know if you want me to go through it before passing it to kavya - and/or need any help for getting it ready
2018-07-06T18:35:39 <jhernandez> ;)
2018-07-06T18:37:18 <sgithens> jhernandez: Thanks!  We did a full walk through of it yesterday (with Sandra and Kavya). I\'m fixing up a few things so it\'s easier to run locally still, but I need to stop working on it for a few days to get it up on a test VM again
2018-07-06T18:37:30 <sgithens> fingers crossed pretty soon
2018-07-06T18:37:52 <sgithens> I guess we may talk about it a bit during the meeting on monday
2018-07-06T18:39:46 <jhernandez> great
2018-07-06T18:53:31 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-06T18:58:52 <Bosmon> sgithens - we don\'t have any builds of the GPII-app
2018-07-06T18:59:10 <Bosmon> Because the Astea team are still sprinting, and they haven\'t merged up with trunk of universal/windows for months
2018-07-06T18:59:14 * sohpei joined the channel
2018-07-06T18:59:23 <sgithens> well, whatever we call the thing we install on teh viaos
2018-07-06T18:59:30 <sgithens> what do we call that? Bosmon
2018-07-06T18:59:34 <Bosmon> Yes, it\'s the gpii-app
2018-07-06T18:59:36 * sohpei has left the channel
2018-07-06T18:59:39 <Bosmon> We have all agreed to call it that
2018-07-06T18:59:41 <Bosmon> Even Gregg
2018-07-06T18:59:51 <Bosmon> We don\'t have any builds of it
2018-07-06T19:00:08 <sgithens> We have installers for it, I would call that a build, even if Javi did it on his laptop :p
2018-07-06T19:00:22 <Bosmon> Yes, but they are very old
2018-07-06T19:00:52 <sgithens> the point is, at somepoint this stuff is going to be pulling from a pouch instance and not testdata, and we will need to bring testers up to date on that
2018-07-06T19:01:05 <Bosmon> Yes, we will
2018-07-06T19:01:16 <sgithens> Actually it will be this week
2018-07-06T19:01:29 <sgithens> I\'ll need ot make sure the PPT still exports the format Kavya needs to use
2018-07-06T19:01:33 <Bosmon> You mean, this coming week?
2018-07-06T19:01:40 <sgithens> whether it\'s a file in testData, or pouch
2018-07-06T19:01:51 <sgithens> well, she wants to make some prefsets to test the windows 10 features
2018-07-06T19:02:07 <sgithens> and it\'s a good opportunity to get some real life PPT usage testing
2018-07-06T19:02:27 <sgithens> she should be able to still jus ttake the preferences section from a prefssafe
2018-07-06T19:24:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-06T19:24:38 * g2szeto has quit
2018-07-06T19:26:43 <colinclark> hey jhernandez
2018-07-06T19:27:01 <colinclark> We\'re going to be introducing Demo Wednesdays starting next week
2018-07-06T19:29:01 <jhernandez> colinclark: hey
2018-07-06T19:29:07 <jhernandez> Demo Wednesdays?
2018-07-06T19:31:31 <jhernandez> sgithens, Bosmon: yes, the builds are old
2018-07-06T19:37:16 <jhernandez> the last installers we\'re delivering are, either for specific branches of ASTEA (for testing purposes) or the pilots one, which is based on a very early version of gpii-app
2018-07-06T19:45:13 <colinclark> jhernandez: Demonstrations on Wednesdays before the archi meeting\xe2\x80\x94so like 1700 your time
2018-07-06T19:46:13 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-06T19:50:57 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-06T20:09:43 * Justin_o has quit
2018-07-06T20:13:10 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-06T20:24:55 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-06T20:26:56 <Bosmon> jhernandez - by the results of the call I had with Gregg today, we will be deploying from specific branches of Astea for a considerable period of time
2018-07-06T20:27:05 <Bosmon> In fact, up to and beyond August\'s release
2018-07-06T20:27:29 <mrtyler> sgithens: +1 for PPT being able to export preference(sets|safes) as json5. i think we will need something like to manage preferences across environments, e.g. build a preferenceset in stg, push it forward to prd and also backward to dev so it\'s available for dev testing
2018-07-06T20:27:43 <mrtyler> (i can explain further if that\'s confusing)
'

