b'2018-06-28T20:48:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-06-28T20:55:25 * kasparnet has quit
2018-06-28T20:56:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-06-28T21:01:05 * kasparnet has quit
2018-06-28T21:01:10 * simonjb has quit
2018-06-28T21:07:08 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-28T21:08:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-06-28T21:13:41 * kasparnet has quit
2018-06-28T21:29:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-28T21:50:53 * michelled has quit
2018-06-28T22:07:31 * neuralmilkhotel has quit
'

b'2018-06-28T00:04:30 * kasparnet has quit
2018-06-28T01:31:52 * danayo joined the channel
2018-06-28T01:47:54 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-28T02:30:34 * danayo joined the channel
2018-06-28T02:52:08 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-28T02:53:14 * danayo joined the channel
2018-06-28T02:54:23 * danayo has quit
2018-06-28T03:13:35 * neuralmilkhotel has quit
2018-06-28T05:56:05 * mrtyler has quit
2018-06-28T07:36:18 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-06-28T09:04:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-06-28T10:36:52 <the-t-in-rtf> Hi, All.  I\'m testing the new linting plugin with universal and had a question about this: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/gpii-user-errors/bundles/gpii-userErrors-messageBundle_en.json5#L14
2018-06-28T10:37:09 <the-t-in-rtf> That\'s the one file in universal that uses the ES5 standard for multi-lines.
2018-06-28T10:37:20 <the-t-in-rtf> Which is reported as an error by the linter.
2018-06-28T10:37:29 <the-t-in-rtf> I need to know if we need to and intend to do that or not.
2018-06-28T10:38:02 <the-t-in-rtf> I could 1) replace that with a \
 or 2) update the linter to disable that check depending on what people thing.
2018-06-28T10:38:14 <the-t-in-rtf> @Bosmon and anyone from ASTEA?
2018-06-28T10:43:29 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - this was my file
2018-06-28T10:43:48 <Bosmon> But replacing with \
 isn\'t going to work, is it, since the purpose was to enable long text to be wrapped within the JSON
2018-06-28T10:43:55 <Bosmon> Which linter reports it as an error?
2018-06-28T10:44:51 <the-t-in-rtf> the new task I wrote that has detected all the other problems we\'ve been discussing.
2018-06-28T10:45:08 <the-t-in-rtf> I can certainly change the rules for the check, it\'s fine.
2018-06-28T10:45:20 <Bosmon> So this is the "armour plus lint as eslint" strategy?
2018-06-28T10:45:26 <the-t-in-rtf> yes.
2018-06-28T10:46:02 <the-t-in-rtf> As an example, I already had to disable indentation checks, which are better covered elsewhere, as the wrapping strategy didn\'t appear to be indented correctly if there was a leading comment.
2018-06-28T10:46:04 <Bosmon> I think that the ability to use ES5 line breaking is another of the crushing advantages of JSON5 over JSON so it would be great if we could retain it
2018-06-28T10:46:27 <the-t-in-rtf> yup, just looking for the rule now.
2018-06-28T10:46:32 <Bosmon> Otherwise we just end up with 1000 character text literals in JSON files or whatever
2018-06-28T10:47:11 <Bosmon> I had hoped to be able to simply use + for string pasting but it seems that basic arithmetic is still forbidden in JSON5
2018-06-28T10:47:21 <Bosmon> There had been a proposal to add it but didn\'t get very far
2018-06-28T10:48:56 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s fine.
2018-06-28T10:49:00 * kasparnet has quit
2018-06-28T10:49:06 <the-t-in-rtf> Here\'s the rule I\'ll disable: https://eslint.org/docs/rules/no-multi-str
2018-06-28T10:49:13 <Bosmon> Awesome
2018-06-28T10:56:03 <Bosmon> https://github.com/json5/json5/issues/106
2018-06-28T11:28:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-06-28T12:06:20 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-06-28T12:28:28 * jhung joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:02:00 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:16:10 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:22:40 * clown joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:28:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:34:44 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:35:03 * alanharnum has quit
2018-06-28T13:37:42 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:40:04 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:48:53 * dandimitrov__ joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:48:53 * dandimitrov_ has quit
2018-06-28T13:48:53 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-06-28T13:48:59 * georgit joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:48:59 * georgit has quit
2018-06-28T13:48:59 * dandimitrov__ has quit
2018-06-28T13:49:22 * dandimitrov__ joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:49:27 * georgit joined the channel
2018-06-28T13:55:03 * simonjb has quit
2018-06-28T14:09:29 * georgit has quit
2018-06-28T14:18:30 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-06-28T14:27:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-28T14:29:52 <michelled> alanharnum, gmoss, colinclark, simonjb: my room is open for talking about the storytelling tool
2018-06-28T14:46:45 * kavya joined the channel
2018-06-28T14:56:00 * kavya has quit
2018-06-28T15:02:52 * kasparnet has quit
2018-06-28T15:14:33 * alanharnum has quit
2018-06-28T15:31:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-06-28T15:32:09 * gtirloni has quit
2018-06-28T15:32:32 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-06-28T15:33:52 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-06-28T15:34:28 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-06-28T15:47:32 * kasparnet has quit
2018-06-28T15:47:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-06-28T15:53:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-28T15:54:26 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-06-28T15:56:42 * kasparnet has quit
2018-06-28T15:57:08 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-06-28T16:20:02 * kasparnet has quit
2018-06-28T16:45:21 <Bosmon> Hi there gtirloni - I merged the KETTLE-70 link and merged the pull
2018-06-28T16:45:29 <Bosmon> But when I follow the link, it says that the CI run is "blocked"
2018-06-28T16:45:35 <Bosmon> Despite the badge listing it as "passing"
2018-06-28T16:45:36 <Bosmon> https://buildkite.com/fluid-project/kettle/builds/33
2018-06-28T16:49:12 <gtirloni> that\'s to prevent building PRs from people that weren\'t already contributors. avtar created a service that receives a ping from BuildKite about a new build, checks the GitHub contributors list and then unblocks that job.... but it seems sometimes that\'s not working as it should, I\'ll talk to him about this (opened FLUID-6291 to investigate further)
2018-06-28T16:49:15 <gtirloni> i\'ve unblocked it manually
2018-06-28T16:49:22 <gtirloni> thanks for merging that PR
2018-06-28T16:50:26 <gtirloni> I\'m investigating an error on Docker builds though,, that build might fail (I can reproduce that issue without Kettle)
2018-06-28T16:58:17 * jessm joined the channel
2018-06-28T16:59:45 * danayo joined the channel
2018-06-28T17:01:23 <Bosmon> gtirloni - right, the absence of g++ is a bit of a problem : P
2018-06-28T17:02:08 <gtirloni> that\'s a new problem :P first time i see that, and alan\'s builds were working before the issue i\'m investigating started to happen (node segfaults using node:8-alpine but works with node:8 -- debian)
2018-06-28T17:15:14 * jhung joined the channel
2018-06-28T17:28:47 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-06-28T17:29:32 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-28T17:30:59 * cindyli has quit
2018-06-28T17:31:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-06-28T17:32:19 <michelled> danayo, alanharnum, colinclark: where would you like to meet?
2018-06-28T17:32:36 <alanharnum> my room is open
2018-06-28T17:32:49 <colinclark> see you there
2018-06-28T18:02:26 * danayo has quit
2018-06-28T18:02:26 * danayo_ is now known as danayo
2018-06-28T18:10:18 <simonjb> hi Cindy, I\'m doing some thinking regarding GPII and MyL3 integration and I was wondering where we are at in terms of existing plans for APIs for providing external systems access to GPII data (for example for steve) and for notifying of settings changes
2018-06-28T18:10:54 <simonjb> cindyli: ^
2018-06-28T18:14:35 <cindyli> simonjb: APIs provided by GPII cloud at the moment are only for GPII installations on local computers. I don\'t think we have plan to support other external systems such as third party web applications
2018-06-28T18:15:36 <simonjb> cindyli: yeah, that was my understanding also for external systems, in terms of for local computers, what do we have?
2018-06-28T18:18:13 <cindyli> we have /access_token and /untrusted-settings. the latter is being renamed to /settings in the branch i\'m working on, simonjb
2018-06-28T18:18:59 <simonjb> and are there plans to set up a channel by which applications can be notified of setting changes?
2018-06-28T18:19:06 <cindyli> those APIs are for 1. retrieve lifecycle instructions; 2. update preferences
2018-06-28T18:21:06 <cindyli> simonjb: what channel do you mean? the channel that connects GPII cloud and applications, or the channel between GPII local installation and apps running on the same machine such as PSP
2018-06-28T18:22:26 <cindyli> GPII already supports the latter. I heard about the former but don\'t know if there\'s a detailed plan
2018-06-28T18:23:05 <simonjb> cindyli: I\'m remembering conversations about being able to see changes reflected on a system as soon as a user makes changes in some settings editor -- settings changes pushed, not only at sign in
2018-06-28T18:24:08 <simonjb> I image this is local machine only but I was wondering what that communication looks like
2018-06-28T18:24:13 <simonjb> (if it exists)
2018-06-28T18:25:28 <cindyli> yes, PSP already does that. a user adjust settings on PSP and adjustments will be applied to the computer right away
2018-06-28T18:25:47 <cindyli> this PSP channel is running locally on user\'s computer
2018-06-28T18:26:01 <simonjb> do you know what the API looks like? would you have a link to docs or code?
2018-06-28T18:28:42 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-06-28T18:32:29 <cindyli1> simonjb: GPII web socket APIs - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/FlowManager.js#L170
2018-06-28T18:32:39 <simonjb> thanks cindyli1
2018-06-28T18:32:48 <cindyli1> np
2018-06-28T18:33:09 <simonjb> cindyli1: and then there is the non-public API that steve\'s editor with use, right?
2018-06-28T18:33:32 <cindyli> steve\'s editor will directly use preferences server APIs
2018-06-28T18:34:07 <cindyli> PPT will be a privileged site hosted by RTF, running behind RTF firewall and have special access to the prefs server
2018-06-28T18:34:14 <simonjb> right
2018-06-28T18:34:19 <simonjb> thanks cindyli
2018-06-28T18:34:23 <cindyli> np
2018-06-28T18:48:15 * jhung has quit
2018-06-28T18:52:18 * jhung joined the channel
2018-06-28T18:58:33 <gmoss> alanharnum colinclark michelled simonjb: just double-checking, was it at 4:00PM that we\'d said we would continue today, or was it 4:30?
2018-06-28T18:58:42 <alanharnum> gmoss: it was 4:00, I believe
2018-06-28T18:59:06 <gmoss> alanharnum: okay thanks, that sounds correct to me :)
2018-06-28T18:59:12 <gmoss> 4:00 to 4:30
2018-06-28T19:06:18 * alanharnum has quit
2018-06-28T19:18:51 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-28T19:31:03 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-06-28T19:56:46 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-28T20:01:19 <gmoss> alanharnum colinclark michelled simonjb: same place?
2018-06-28T20:02:02 <simonjb> michelled: your room is locked at the moment
2018-06-28T20:02:13 <gmoss> alanharnum colinclark michelled simonjb: i\'ve unlocked mine
2018-06-28T20:02:32 <colinclark> we\'re still in this meeting\xe2\x80\x94going long
2018-06-28T20:02:39 <gmoss> ah kk
2018-06-28T20:02:41 <gmoss> o\'
2018-06-28T20:02:42 <alanharnum> OK, let us know when free
2018-06-28T20:02:43 <colinclark> and worthwhilely long
2018-06-28T20:02:49 <gmoss> * i\'ll hang out in my room til then
2018-06-28T20:03:48 * cindyli has quit
2018-06-28T20:04:47 <michelled> simonjb: maybe we should meet now?
2018-06-28T20:05:16 <simonjb> michelled: sure, we could start and then jump when the other meeting starts
2018-06-28T20:05:23 <michelled> sounds good
2018-06-28T20:05:31 <simonjb> michelled: call me on vidyo
2018-06-28T20:32:09 * danayo has quit
2018-06-28T20:33:28 <michelled> gmoss. alanharnum: i think we\'ll have to meet when you are back from vacation
2018-06-28T20:33:36 <alanharnum> michelled: OK
2018-06-28T20:34:00 <gmoss> michelled alanharnum, sure. it\'s too bad we didn\'t finish up! do please feel free to continue without me
'

