b'2018-03-28T17:21:03 <jhung> made a comment Justin_o and alanharnum on https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/134/
2018-03-28T17:21:29 <Justin_o> jhung: i don\'t see your comment there
2018-03-28T17:22:08 <jhung> It should be there now Justin_o
2018-03-28T17:23:22 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf We\'re going for the later timeslot tomorrow then?
2018-03-28T17:24:46 <Justin_o> jhung: see it now and have replied
2018-03-28T17:27:07 * danayo has quit
2018-03-28T17:28:41 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-28T17:40:31 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-28T17:43:27 <the-t-in-rtf> sorry, goofed on that.
2018-03-28T17:43:30 <the-t-in-rtf> I\'ll fixe it now.
2018-03-28T17:43:35 <the-t-in-rtf> @sgithens ^^^
2018-03-28T17:43:41 <the-t-in-rtf> s/fixe/fix/
2018-03-28T17:43:46 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf: cool
2018-03-28T17:43:52 <the-t-in-rtf> Oh, SHOOT.
2018-03-28T17:43:59 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, it\'ll have to be the later slot.
2018-03-28T17:43:59 <sgithens> Thought I was getting a sleep in pass at that the last minute :p
2018-03-28T17:44:05 <sgithens> Sleep in Pass!
2018-03-28T17:44:07 <the-t-in-rtf> My son\'s program closes early tomorrow.
2018-03-28T17:44:33 <the-t-in-rtf> I have to leave starting at the other time.
2018-03-28T17:44:59 <sgithens> intense
2018-03-28T17:51:19 * kavya has quit
2018-03-28T18:04:09 <the-t-in-rtf> Not really, it mainly involves biking around and goofing around at home, playing with synthesizers.
2018-03-28T18:04:13 <the-t-in-rtf> I just cant do it and meet.
2018-03-28T18:14:46 * clown has quit
2018-03-28T18:18:34 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-28T18:19:24 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-28T18:24:48 <sgithens> hahahaha
2018-03-28T18:30:27 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: At today\'s community meeting Alana Callan will be talking about Onboarding for learning with online systems. You can participate in the collaborative note taking at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Mar+28%2C+2018%29+-+Onboarding+for+learning+with+online+systems
2018-03-28T18:31:05 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-28T18:31:47 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-28T18:32:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-28T18:33:28 * michelled1 joined the channel
2018-03-28T18:34:52 <jessm> are the coop students in the office and if so can someone remind them about the community mtg?
2018-03-28T18:35:01 * michelled has quit
2018-03-28T18:35:10 <jessm> lol, nevermind. i see them
2018-03-28T18:35:20 <Justin_o> jessm: i think alan was going to invite
2018-03-28T18:37:34 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-28T18:40:20 * shakeb joined the channel
2018-03-28T18:42:25 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-28T18:48:20 * stegru has quit
2018-03-28T18:49:26 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-28T18:57:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:06:43 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-28T19:08:12 * shreyJ joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:12:15 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:15:17 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:16:41 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:17:51 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-28T19:17:53 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-28T19:20:28 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:33:45 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:34:37 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-28T19:35:50 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:38:45 * colinclark_ is now known as colinclark
2018-03-28T19:44:10 * shreyJ has quit
2018-03-28T19:47:33 <sgithens> cindyli: Just wanted to check before our schema call tomorrow, does any of your new GPII Schema work include making corresponding json schema documents that can be used to validate parts of them?
2018-03-28T19:53:44 <cindyli> sgithens: each document structure in the new data model has a field called "schemaVersion", which is designed to retrieve a json schema document that defines this particular version of the document structure
2018-03-28T19:55:33 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:56:29 <sgithens> cool. Are the initial versions of the actual json schema documents part of GPII-2630?
2018-03-28T19:56:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-28T19:56:47 <sgithens> cindyli: Or is it just the fields that are stubbed in at the moment?
2018-03-28T19:57:21 <cindyli> unfortunately, no, sgithens. needs more thoughts for it to be implemented ;)
2018-03-28T19:58:08 <cindyli> what time is tomorrow\'s schema call and in which room, sgithens? want to listen in
2018-03-28T19:59:53 <sgithens> I think it\'s at 2pm EST
2018-03-28T20:00:06 <sgithens> I think we\'ll just be skyping but I\'ll ping you
2018-03-28T20:00:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-28T20:00:43 <sgithens> I believe we\'ll mostly be brinign up the new grade and merging options, but I want to brign this up quick because I want to validate the payloads in the PPT
2018-03-28T20:01:10 <sgithens> even if it\'s just validating the basic structure and wildcarding the specific settings for now
2018-03-28T20:02:10 * clown has quit
2018-03-28T20:02:13 <sgithens> I guess it must be more than 36 minutes worth of stuff since we didn\'t go in to after the arch topics today
2018-03-28T20:02:46 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-28T20:02:59 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-28T20:04:40 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-28T20:06:59 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-28T20:09:24 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-28T20:12:55 <cindyli> thanks, sgithens, ping me tomorrow
2018-03-28T20:17:17 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-28T20:17:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-28T20:21:22 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-28T20:21:49 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-28T20:25:21 * michelled1 has quit
2018-03-28T20:34:31 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-28T20:48:45 * jhung has quit
2018-03-28T20:49:50 * shakeb has quit
2018-03-28T21:04:15 * clown has quit
2018-03-28T21:10:03 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-28T21:24:00 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-28T21:27:42 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-28T21:28:29 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-28T21:45:33 * danayo has quit
2018-03-28T21:52:43 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-28T22:02:02 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-28T22:10:09 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-28T22:59:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-28T23:04:26 * stegru has quit
2018-03-28T23:04:29 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-28T23:25:57 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-28T23:30:12 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-28T23:30:49 * amatas has quit
'

b'2018-03-28T00:12:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-28T00:12:13 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-28T00:13:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-28T00:57:18 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-28T01:04:57 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-28T01:09:11 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-28T01:09:45 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-28T01:14:06 <Bosmon> I see you as sgithens
2018-03-28T03:07:06 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-28T03:07:11 * danayo has quit
2018-03-28T03:43:08 * grrrero has quit
2018-03-28T04:05:28 * jessm has quit
2018-03-28T05:41:21 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-28T06:20:40 * Manu_ joined the channel
2018-03-28T06:27:59 * Manu_ has quit
2018-03-28T06:36:50 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-28T07:45:55 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-28T07:47:38 * amatas has quit
2018-03-28T07:48:33 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-28T08:04:58 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-28T08:16:40 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-28T08:17:27 * amatas has quit
2018-03-28T08:20:09 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-28T08:36:51 * dandimitrov__ joined the channel
2018-03-28T08:36:51 * dandimitrov_ has quit
2018-03-28T08:37:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-28T08:40:37 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-03-28T08:41:11 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-28T08:42:18 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-28T08:42:41 * dandimitrov__ has quit
2018-03-28T08:43:18 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2018-03-28T08:43:18 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-03-28T09:41:57 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-28T09:45:29 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-28T09:47:05 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-28T09:50:51 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-28T10:05:05 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-28T10:05:23 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-28T11:11:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-28T11:11:33 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-28T11:11:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-28T11:11:33 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-28T11:11:33 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-28T12:05:21 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-28T12:26:00 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-28T12:29:29 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-28T12:32:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-28T12:34:35 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-28T12:38:09 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-28T12:43:46 * dandimitrov_ has quit
2018-03-28T12:45:17 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-28T12:50:14 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-28T12:54:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:05:21 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-28T13:10:45 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:11:29 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:12:22 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:13:13 * jessm joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:18:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:27:35 * kavya joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:28:34 * clown_ joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:42:40 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:58:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-28T13:58:36 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-28T13:59:51 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-28T14:03:22 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-28T14:05:57 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-28T14:08:58 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-28T14:11:23 <Justin_o> jhung, alanharnum: do you have thoughts on this https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6232?focusedCommentId=39039&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-39039
2018-03-28T14:11:36 <Justin_o> perhaps you could reply on the JIRA
2018-03-28T14:11:57 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-28T14:13:53 <alanharnum> Justin_o: doing so
2018-03-28T14:13:59 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2018-03-28T14:21:31 <jhung> thanks alanharnum
2018-03-28T14:21:36 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-28T14:23:29 <gtirloni> alanharnum Justin_o: while you\'re at it, any comments on this? https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6266 -- i\'d like to submit a PR to change the CI steps, if that looks okay
2018-03-28T14:25:06 <alanharnum> gtirloni: seems reasonable to me
2018-03-28T14:26:10 <gtirloni> thanks
2018-03-28T14:26:37 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-28T14:27:26 * jhung1 joined the channel
2018-03-28T14:28:51 * jhung has quit
2018-03-28T14:29:37 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-28T14:33:01 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-28T14:34:52 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-28T14:38:59 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-28T14:44:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-28T14:53:39 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-28T15:06:12 * clown_ is now known as clown
2018-03-28T15:07:06 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-28T15:22:44 * simonjb has quit
2018-03-28T15:22:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: would you like to talk about the new framework features at a community meeting say, May 2?
2018-03-28T15:23:00 <Justin_o> or would you prefer to do that sooner at a standalone meeting?
2018-03-28T15:24:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I dunno
2018-03-28T15:24:10 <Bosmon> May 2 is quite a while away
2018-03-28T15:24:19 <Bosmon> But on the other hand it might take a while to gather everyone relevant
2018-03-28T15:24:33 <Bosmon> On the other hand people like ADTKINS don\'t regularly attend the community meetings anyway
2018-03-28T15:29:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: all good points
2018-03-28T15:30:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I suppose the community meeting time might be too late for him
2018-03-28T15:30:31 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-28T15:37:01 <cindyli> Bosmon: you mentioned the other day in the channel which node or npm versions GPII should stick with at the moment. can you remind me those versions again?
2018-03-28T15:37:29 <cindyli> i\'m using node 8.10.0 and npm 5.6.0. hitting problems with "npm install" with leveldown@1.5.0
2018-03-28T15:38:05 <cindyli> wonder if i use the wrong npm version
2018-03-28T15:38:27 <Bosmon> cindyli - npm 5.6.0 is fine
2018-03-28T15:38:35 <Bosmon> Are you trying to build on MacOS?
2018-03-28T15:38:38 <cindyli> yes
2018-03-28T15:38:53 <Bosmon> ok
2018-03-28T15:38:58 <cindyli> mac high sierra 10.13
2018-03-28T15:39:01 <Bosmon> In that case there may be some special problems I don\'t know about
2018-03-28T15:39:08 <Bosmon> That combination is fine on Windows and Linux, as far as I know
2018-03-28T15:39:20 <cindyli> ok. continue to dig
2018-03-28T15:47:56 <gtirloni> cindyli: newer leveldown versions have more pre-compiled binaries, if you can update
2018-03-28T15:48:07 <gtirloni> then you don\'t need to mess with node-gyp and friends
2018-03-28T15:48:25 <gtirloni> https://github.com/Level/leveldown/releases (npm should detect that automatically)
2018-03-28T15:48:46 <cindyli> ah ha. thanks, gtirloni. checking it out\xe2\x80\xa6
2018-03-28T15:56:12 * michelled has quit
2018-03-28T15:56:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-28T15:57:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-28T15:57:29 <gtirloni> alanharnum Justin_o: test results for my proposal to simplify the ci steps are in (https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/889). thanks!
2018-03-28T15:58:10 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-28T16:01:27 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-28T16:04:27 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-28T16:14:36 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-28T16:21:34 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-28T16:25:58 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-28T16:26:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-28T16:26:45 <jhung1> colinclark, alanharnum - I won\'t be able to attend today\'s CISL meeting. Please send my regrets to Boris & Co. Also let me know of anything I should know from the meeting.
2018-03-28T16:26:52 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2018-03-28T16:26:58 <colinclark> ok, no worries
2018-03-28T16:27:01 <colinclark> thanks jhung
2018-03-28T16:30:25 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-03-28T16:30:57 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-28T16:31:29 <the-t-in-rtf> If anyone has contact details for the rest of the ASTEA team, I invited Georgi, but I don\'t have contact details for the rest of the team.
2018-03-28T16:31:39 <the-t-in-rtf> @bosmon @sgithens, etc. ^^^
2018-03-28T16:33:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-28T16:34:14 <dandimitrov> Hey, the-t-in-rtf. Here you are - dandimitrov@asteasolutions.com
2018-03-28T16:36:10 <dandimitrov> you can also our group email: psp@asteasolutions.com
2018-03-28T16:37:26 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks @dandimitrov.
2018-03-28T16:38:31 <the-t-in-rtf> I set the invite up so that you can invite others, if you or georgi can add the rest, I\'ll have them for the future.
2018-03-28T16:38:35 <the-t-in-rtf> I just added you.
2018-03-28T16:46:03 <dandimitrov> the-t-in-rtf: Thanks
2018-03-28T16:47:00 <Justin_o> jhung: could you please merge this https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/134
2018-03-28T16:47:05 <Justin_o> alanharnum: has reviewed it
2018-03-28T16:48:36 <dandimitrov> the-t-in-rtf: We can try helping you out with the coverage reporting. Could you share your work :?
2018-03-28T16:58:04 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-28T16:58:36 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-28T17:04:18 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-28T17:09:11 <the-t-in-rtf> Thanks, @dandimitrov, I\'ll get a branch and PR ready and share that in the morning.
2018-03-28T17:10:18 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-28T17:14:37 * danayo has quit
2018-03-28T17:16:15 * danayo joined the channel
'

