b'2018-08-15T00:14:03 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-15T03:55:45 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-15T03:59:06 * danayo has quit
2018-08-15T06:18:42 * stegru has quit
2018-08-15T09:08:29 * stegru joined the channel
2018-08-15T09:16:03 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-15T09:16:26 * sgithens_ joined the channel
2018-08-15T09:18:05 * sgithens has quit
2018-08-15T09:18:06 * sgithens_ is now known as sgithens
2018-08-15T09:57:20 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-15T09:58:41 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-15T11:54:23 <dandimitrov> Hey, Bosmon! Just a little question regarding i18n - wasn\xe2\x80\x99t there some work related to i18n of the common terms, more precisly the names of settings that are sent to the PSP :?
2018-08-15T11:54:25 * dandimitrov has left the channel
2018-08-15T11:55:00 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-15T11:56:33 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - yes, there was such work
2018-08-15T11:56:52 <Bosmon> It has been on the plate of me, the-t-in-rtf and sgithens but we have not moved it further for a while
2018-08-15T11:57:05 <Bosmon> Since it seemed that I18N of the app itself was seen as a generally low priority
2018-08-15T11:58:20 <the-t-in-rtf> once we get past the immediate blockers in my JAWS onboarding I would be willing to attempt converting the existing language to message keys throughout the Solutions Registry, or to assist someone else.
2018-08-15T11:59:04 <the-t-in-rtf> I think Steve\'s work would just need to be updated to use the new handlebars helper, that could be done in advance even, as any string that doesn\'t resolve to a message is just preserved.
2018-08-15T11:59:34 <the-t-in-rtf> We should maybe talk about how you use the settings data a bit more though, so I understand beter.
2018-08-15T12:01:39 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: Could you point me to it? I\xe2\x80\x99m about to introduce some i18n to the QSS and was wondering whether similar approach could also be used for it
2018-08-15T12:03:36 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - I think your existing "modelisation plus megabundle" approach is just the right one
2018-08-15T12:03:54 <Bosmon> Anything further would have to be done in the core, which would then send message keys for names of settings rather than the literal values
2018-08-15T12:04:11 <Bosmon> And then you would take in further bundles from the core into your megabundle, as you are currently planning to do for the "userErrors" bundle
2018-08-15T12:09:18 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: Hmm, what prefix do you imagine a setting\xe2\x80\x99s message would have?
2018-08-15T12:11:53 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-15T12:22:12 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-15T12:27:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-15T12:27:31 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-15T12:38:20 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-15T12:39:37 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-15T12:41:39 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-08-15T12:44:33 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-15T12:47:47 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - perhaps something like gpii_settings_ ? : P
2018-08-15T12:48:12 <Bosmon> the-t-in-rtf - so the issue in GPII-3278 is down to the direction of the slashes?
2018-08-15T12:48:19 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, entirely.
2018-08-15T12:48:22 <Bosmon> This is odd because every API on Windows accepts either direction
2018-08-15T12:48:29 <Bosmon> It is only the command prompt itself which is picky
2018-08-15T12:48:33 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, it may be that I need to prechew it for Testem.
2018-08-15T12:48:50 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. Testem may expect worm mash rather than whole worms.
2018-08-15T12:48:52 <Bosmon> I wonder what they have done with it that it has become sensitive with
2018-08-15T12:49:06 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s probably Testem, just a sec, answering another question.
2018-08-15T12:55:17 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-15T12:59:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-15T13:07:04 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-15T13:11:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-15T13:11:38 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-15T13:14:08 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-15T13:15:39 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: Great, thanks
2018-08-15T13:18:48 <Bosmon> Hi there dandimitrov - I am guessing that the demo now being delivered, it might be the time for trying to get the QSS work into master before any other requirements start emerging : P
2018-08-15T13:18:54 <Bosmon> Are you ok with us beginning a review cycle?
2018-08-15T13:19:27 <Bosmon> I guess we have some work to do to get back to the point where the test cases will pass, especially since we need to ensure the same for the corresponding branches of universal and windows that it depends on
2018-08-15T13:20:55 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-15T13:27:21 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-15T13:35:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-15T13:35:43 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-15T13:46:08 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: It needs some final cleaning (e.g. of debug loggers) and still lacks some documentation as it was left for the QSS1.1 but I believe it\xe2\x80\x99s in a proper state for a review.  And for the tests, yes, with the latest module changes we\xe2\x80\x99ll have to give them some time as well
2018-08-15T13:47:04 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - cool, well I\'ll start on a review cycle and I guess we\'ll review at arch today the steps needed to restore test passing to all of the various "feds-audit" branches
2018-08-15T13:49:32 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-08-15T13:53:03 <dandimitrov> Bosmon: Great
2018-08-15T13:53:13 <dandimitrov> And just one other thing, the current QSS PR contains the work for the PSP 3 (as the PSP3 PR wansn\xe2\x80\x99t merged into master)
2018-08-15T13:53:32 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - yes sure, I see it there
2018-08-15T13:55:18 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: Today\'s community meeting is at a special time and starting in about 5 min. This year\'s GSoC students will be presenting their projects to the community.
2018-08-15T13:55:46 <Justin_o> The collaborative meeting notes can be accessed at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+%28August+15%2C+2018%29%3A+Presentation+on+GSoC+2018+Projects
2018-08-15T13:58:22 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-15T14:00:29 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-08-15T14:01:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-15T14:05:11 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-15T14:11:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-15T14:11:56 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: https://gist.github.com/VictorAlagwu/f7c36cc27846bc302ce4e96a394b7a90
2018-08-15T14:11:56 <Justin_o> https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lMMqdA18bHO9RHCdljwj5Kdad77lk94W0CFkMn-kEyk/edit#slide=id.p
2018-08-15T14:15:25 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-15T14:23:02 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-15T14:23:47 * cindyli1 has quit
2018-08-15T14:25:31 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-15T14:30:36 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-08-15T14:38:05 * alanharnum2 has quit
2018-08-15T15:29:58 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-15T15:38:51 <gmoss> fluid-everyone: the community meeting is running a little long, we can do standup after it wraps up
2018-08-15T15:49:48 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-15T15:54:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-15T16:28:18 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-15T16:39:10 <jhernandez> stegru: you around?
2018-08-15T16:39:10 <cindyli> stegru: r u there?
2018-08-15T16:39:55 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-15T16:47:09 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-15T17:59:58 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-08-15T18:00:02 <sgithens> Bosmon, dandimitrov, the-t-in-rtf : Yeah, I just stubbed out a naive messages handler that does a pretty naive lookup into an Object, so it shouldn\'t be hard to replace once we have the offical one for gpii-handlebars.  https://github.com/sgithens/gpii-devpmt/blob/GPII-2452/src/templates/partials/editprefset-genericSettingsTable-widget.handlebars#L32
2018-08-15T18:00:31 <the-t-in-rtf> wait, what?
2018-08-15T18:00:37 <the-t-in-rtf> why don\'t you just use the real one?
2018-08-15T18:00:46 <sgithens> I don\'t think there was one when I did that
2018-08-15T18:01:05 <the-t-in-rtf> it was merged and release a month ago.
2018-08-15T18:01:19 <sgithens> well, I definately put those in a few months ago
2018-08-15T18:01:28 <sgithens> good to know it\'s ready! :)
2018-08-15T18:01:44 <the-t-in-rtf> yes, man, I work hard to lay road for you to peel out on.
2018-08-15T18:02:06 <sgithens> :)
2018-08-15T18:02:20 <sgithens> I\'m not completely sure I know what that means, but I do love your libraries
2018-08-15T18:03:06 <sgithens> but we were still in pretty formative i18n talks when I did that.. I think because I was getting tired of renaming contexts to preference sets or some other terminilogy change in the project
2018-08-15T18:13:54 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-15T18:14:01 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-08-15T18:30:57 * alanharnum2 is now known as alanharnum
2018-08-15T18:54:24 * colinclark has quit
2018-08-15T19:42:20 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-15T20:20:39 <sgithens> Bosmon: On https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/blob/master/src/documents/IoCTestingFramework.md#supported-fixture-records  , is `Task` field name `task` meant to be type {Function|String} rather than just {String} ?
2018-08-15T20:21:57 <sgithens> oh I guess it couldn\'t be
2018-08-15T20:22:21 <sgithens> it\'s meant to be a full funcName, and can\'t be an invoker from a component
2018-08-15T20:36:51 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-15T21:03:59 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-15T21:05:18 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-15T21:15:24 * g2szeto has quit
2018-08-15T21:17:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-15T21:17:53 * colinclark has quit
'

