b'2018-01-17T15:55:01 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: what\'s the method for excluding it?
2018-01-17T15:55:47 <the-t-in-rtf> I assume it\'s still this:
2018-01-17T15:55:48 <the-t-in-rtf> https://github.com/gotwarlost/istanbul/blob/master/ignoring-code-for-coverage.md
2018-01-17T15:57:33 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: thanks i\'ll take a look at that.. i\'ll also file a JIRA and a PR for adding those parts to .npmignore. Thanks again for getting this all setup.. It\'s really great that we can actually see what is being tested.
2018-01-17T15:58:07 <the-t-in-rtf> I find it incredibly useful in my own work and was happy to do it for infusion.
2018-01-17T15:58:30 <the-t-in-rtf> it\'s nice to see that we were doing pretty well, but also really useful to be able to drill down and see gaps.
2018-01-17T15:59:04 <the-t-in-rtf> @javjarfer[m], the linux coverage pull is still ready to review.  Just saying...
2018-01-17T16:00:13 <stegru> the-t-in-rtf: I really like the coverage reports - is this generated in CI?
2018-01-17T16:00:25 <stegru> (sorry if it\'s in the scroll-back)
2018-01-17T16:00:44 <the-t-in-rtf> It will be automatically generated when npm test is run, so yes?
2018-01-17T16:01:00 <the-t-in-rtf> We just need to update the CI config to hold onto the output, AFAIK
2018-01-17T16:01:00 <stegru> ah nice
2018-01-17T16:01:15 <avtar> stegru, the-t-in-rtf: https://lists.idrc.ocad.ca/pipermail/fluid-work/2018-January/010594.html
2018-01-17T16:01:20 <jhernandez> the-t-in-rtf: yeah, but right now gpii/linux is somehow "broken" :/
2018-01-17T16:01:36 <javjarfer[m]> the-t-in-rtf: I think you were targeting Javi
2018-01-17T16:01:43 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, sorry.
2018-01-17T16:01:47 <the-t-in-rtf> Anyway, good to know.
2018-01-17T16:02:05 <the-t-in-rtf> As long as things are broken in a way that doesn\'t relate to my involvement, I\'ll just back away slowly.
2018-01-17T16:02:20 <stegru> what about having failures, if there\'s a low/no coverage?
2018-01-17T16:02:22 <javjarfer[m]> the-t-in-rtf: nw :)
2018-01-17T16:02:26 <stegru> thanks avtar
2018-01-17T16:02:35 <the-t-in-rtf> @stegru, you are my kind of person.
2018-01-17T16:02:57 <the-t-in-rtf> Yes, it\'s possible to do this.
2018-01-17T16:03:09 <the-t-in-rtf> The "check-coverage" command could be run against the coverage data generated as part of the run.
2018-01-17T16:03:39 <the-t-in-rtf> that could be added to the postinstall step, right after the report is generated.
2018-01-17T16:03:45 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-17T16:03:58 * danayo has quit
2018-01-17T16:04:05 <the-t-in-rtf> I think that\'d be a good one to include in a small pull where we pull in the released version of gpii-testem.
2018-01-17T16:04:15 <the-t-in-rtf> Can you write that one up?
2018-01-17T16:04:32 <the-t-in-rtf> I could do it, but I need to gnaw my foot off and leave this meeting to run home before the next one.
2018-01-17T16:04:47 <stegru> talking to me?
2018-01-17T16:04:49 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-17T16:04:52 <the-t-in-rtf> yes.
2018-01-17T16:04:55 <stegru> ok
2018-01-17T16:05:32 <the-t-in-rtf> thanks.
2018-01-17T16:05:53 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-01-17T16:07:30 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-17T16:13:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'ve filed a PR to add the code coverage artifacts to npmignore https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/870
2018-01-17T16:20:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T16:25:39 * mrtyler has quit
2018-01-17T16:28:40 * danayo has quit
2018-01-17T16:32:15 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-17T16:36:17 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-17T16:43:52 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-17T16:46:49 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-17T16:47:48 <stegru> the-t-in-rtf: I don\'t fully understand what you asked me to do, so I didn\'t do anything
2018-01-17T16:52:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T16:54:09 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-17T17:03:14 <ussjoin> https://securosis.com/blog/14902 mrtyler amatas - this post and the next one are pretty decent, if high-level.
2018-01-17T17:04:47 <mrtyler> cool ussjoin i\'ll take a look
2018-01-17T17:07:49 <ussjoin> Securosis qualifies as "grumpy but knows their stuff" as a general rule. And I\'ve gotten to meet Adrian Lane before, he was quite impressive.
2018-01-17T17:09:28 <the-t-in-rtf> @stegru, I was just asking you to put your idea about enforcing coverage levels as something that will cause a build to fail.
2018-01-17T17:09:33 <the-t-in-rtf> into a ticket
2018-01-17T17:09:48 <the-t-in-rtf> I can do that now.
2018-01-17T17:09:49 <stegru> oh! ok
2018-01-17T17:09:53 <stegru> ok
2018-01-17T17:10:04 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s fine, just wanted to make sure I didn\'t forget on the bike.
2018-01-17T17:10:09 <stegru> i\'ll +1 it, then
2018-01-17T17:12:54 <the-t-in-rtf> https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6238
2018-01-17T17:13:05 <the-t-in-rtf> Please do, I would have mentioned you on the ticket, but your account didn\'t show up.
2018-01-17T17:13:13 <the-t-in-rtf> @stegru ^^^
2018-01-17T17:14:13 <stegru> Ah, I don\'t have one for fluid
2018-01-17T17:29:50 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-17T17:30:16 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T17:33:46 * Kavya joined the channel
2018-01-17T17:34:27 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-17T17:34:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T17:34:50 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-17T17:37:03 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-17T17:41:46 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-17T17:50:30 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T17:53:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T18:00:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T18:04:12 <amatas_> thanks ussjoin, I\'m spending some time these days reading documentation about how to secure our actual setup. I\'ll take a look to that post.
2018-01-17T18:09:38 * kasper has quit
2018-01-17T18:18:59 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T18:19:49 * simonjb has quit
2018-01-17T18:19:56 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-17T18:21:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T18:32:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-17T18:38:43 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-01-17T18:39:52 <grrrero> alanharnum: Justin_o had a suggestion to tweet out Inclusive Design Resources (as per our community meeting next week) every now and then -- I think that\'s a pretty good idea, what do you think?
2018-01-17T18:42:26 <alanharnum> grrrero: that sounds good to me - I often end up tweeting things I come across via my own account, but the Fluid account could be a good outlet for those as well
2018-01-17T18:42:56 <grrrero> alanharnum: Awesome; added a new page in the spreadsheet for resources. :)
2018-01-17T18:49:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T18:49:21 <ussjoin> amatas_: Awesome. Please do take a look at the hardening guides I sent you via email last week (the CIS Benchmark guides, they\'re uploaded in Drive). We\'re going to need to do them, and they\'re pretty good overviews regardless (and provide pointers toward optional-but-awesome stuff).
2018-01-17T18:50:27 * kasper joined the channel
2018-01-17T18:53:32 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-17T18:56:35 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T18:59:17 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-17T19:05:52 * clown has quit
2018-01-17T19:09:07 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-17T19:09:55 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-17T19:18:13 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-17T19:24:04 <simonjb> cindyli: does the conversation that we are having around preferences endpoints affect https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/582 at all?
2018-01-17T19:24:21 <cindyli> simonjb: not at all
2018-01-17T19:24:37 <simonjb> ok, thanks cindyli
2018-01-17T19:24:40 <cindyli> np
2018-01-17T19:27:14 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-17T19:29:49 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: Todays community meeting will be talking about "Innovative regulatory instruments that inform the Accessibility Ecosystem". You can participate in the shared notes at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Jan+17%2C+2018%29+-+Innovative+regulatory+instruments+that+inform+the+Accessibility+Ecosystem
2018-01-17T19:33:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-17T19:40:19 * stegru has quit
2018-01-17T19:41:37 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-17T20:03:10 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-17T20:09:05 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T20:21:52 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-17T20:41:46 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-17T20:45:12 * stegru joined the channel
2018-01-17T20:56:00 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-17T21:01:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-17T21:05:02 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-17T21:09:13 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-17T21:10:18 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-01-17T21:22:08 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-17T21:42:56 * alanharnum2 has quit
2018-01-17T21:43:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-17T21:44:54 * amatas has quit
2018-01-17T21:47:01 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-17T21:47:07 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-01-17T21:50:38 * kasper has quit
2018-01-17T21:50:55 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-17T21:52:22 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-17T21:57:28 * kasper joined the channel
2018-01-17T21:58:05 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-17T22:00:26 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T22:43:24 * kasper has quit
2018-01-17T23:15:54 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-17T23:17:47 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-01-17T23:18:55 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-17T23:50:35 * stegru has quit
2018-01-17T23:55:57 * Justin_o has quit
'

b'2018-01-17T01:54:50 * stegru has quit
2018-01-17T03:51:56 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-17T07:10:09 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-01-17T07:13:34 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-17T07:34:56 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-17T07:42:58 * kasparnet has quit
2018-01-17T08:13:54 * grrrero has quit
2018-01-17T08:45:38 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-17T08:50:35 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-01-17T09:08:53 * stegru joined the channel
2018-01-17T09:34:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-01-17T10:20:45 * amatas joined the channel
2018-01-17T10:26:43 <stegru> dandimitrov_: did you get enough information about the installation ID?
2018-01-17T10:27:07 <stegru> jhernandez: welcome back.. let me know when you\'re ready to start some work
2018-01-17T10:30:59 <dandimitrov_> Hi again, stegru. We took a look at the code you sent us and we were meaning to ask you on whether generation of an ID for Windows is possible
2018-01-17T10:33:24 <stegru> yes, dandimitrov_, here is how I did it: https://github.com/stegru/windows/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/windowsMetrics/src/windowsMetrics.js#L137
2018-01-17T10:35:03 <stegru> or, you can generate your own random number and store it somewhere - the reason I used that registry value is so when an administrator creates multiple machines from an image, with GPII already installed, they will have a different ID
2018-01-17T10:47:36 <dandimitrov_> thank you, stegru. The reason I asked is that we\'ve been using this module: https://github.com/automation-stack/node-machine-id which seems to be working similarly, but we were thinking on changing it with your implementation in order to be consistent. What do you think?
2018-01-17T10:50:40 <stegru> dandimitrov_: I have no preference - but yes, it\'s the same technique
2018-01-17T11:05:20 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-17T11:33:58 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T12:02:50 <jhernandez> stegru: hey!!
2018-01-17T12:03:01 <stegru> hello! jhernandez
2018-01-17T12:03:08 <jhernandez> what do you need from me?
2018-01-17T12:03:28 <stegru> just your soul
2018-01-17T12:03:32 <jhernandez> haha
2018-01-17T12:04:00 <stegru> so, i\'ve been making these builds for the pilots..
2018-01-17T12:04:24 <stegru> hang on..
2018-01-17T12:04:36 <jhernandez> yes, Ale told me yesterday
2018-01-17T12:05:27 <stegru> the PSP is expected to be included - but I don\'t know anything about it
2018-01-17T12:05:56 <stegru> i\'m building master + GPII2294, the listeners
2018-01-17T12:06:30 <stegru> what else do i need to do? (or, you do it)
2018-01-17T12:09:05 <jhernandez> stegru: right, similar question from Ale yesterday
2018-01-17T12:09:10 <stegru> ah ok
2018-01-17T12:09:47 <jhernandez> yeah, we need psp + GPII-2294
2018-01-17T12:10:05 <stegru> yes
2018-01-17T12:11:05 <jhernandez> gloob was going to build it
2018-01-17T12:11:23 <jhernandez> but I\'m not sure how far we went
2018-01-17T12:11:56 <jhernandez> s/we/he
2018-01-17T12:12:05 <stegru> ok, i\'ll leave it to him - there\'s no point in two of us doing it
2018-01-17T12:12:56 <jhernandez> exactly
2018-01-17T12:13:37 <jhernandez> in any case, I\'ll pair with gloob to know the status
2018-01-17T12:14:24 <jhernandez> and I\'ll create it if he has difficulties, we need to make sure that we\'re not missing anything
2018-01-17T12:16:08 <stegru> yes ok thanks
2018-01-17T12:16:32 <stegru> by the way, it would be nice if you thought about merging 2294 into master
2018-01-17T12:20:58 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-01-17T12:55:24 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-17T12:56:27 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:01:39 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:01:54 <jhernandez> stegru: let me take a look at it, I\'m not aware of the last updates on it
2018-01-17T13:02:00 * jhung has quit
2018-01-17T13:03:08 <stegru> there\'s no rush, it would just mean pilot2 is closer to master
2018-01-17T13:03:32 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:04:00 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:12:34 <jhernandez> yeah
2018-01-17T13:12:59 <jhernandez> ideally, we should get it into master soon
2018-01-17T13:13:16 <jhernandez> the sooner the better
2018-01-17T13:13:19 <jhernandez> :)
2018-01-17T13:28:14 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:28:15 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-17T13:29:17 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:33:04 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-17T13:33:23 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:34:08 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:39:12 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:45:54 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-17T13:50:10 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:50:34 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:51:39 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-17T13:52:35 * kasparnet has quit
2018-01-17T14:00:05 * kasper joined the channel
2018-01-17T14:02:30 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-01-17T14:02:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-17T14:25:06 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-01-17T14:25:20 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-17T14:28:57 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-01-17T14:31:51 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-17T14:38:34 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T14:47:36 * jhung1 joined the channel
2018-01-17T14:49:30 * jhung has quit
2018-01-17T14:58:51 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-01-17T15:00:21 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-17T15:00:21 * sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2018-01-17T15:07:16 * alanharn_ has quit
2018-01-17T15:12:28 <cindyli> hi Bosmon, I\'m working on GPII-2630 to implement the new data model: https://wiki.gpii.net/w/Keys,_KeyTokens,_and_Preferences, do you think if i should take the chance to remove the unsecured flow manager endpoints that creates and saves preferences - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/FlowManager.js#L136-L156
2018-01-17T15:14:01 <cindyli> the update endpoint will be replaced by the secured endpoint: PUT to /untrusted-settings
2018-01-17T15:14:19 <cindyli> don\'t have a secured endpoint for creating prefs yet
2018-01-17T15:14:34 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes, but we still need endpoints for tools like the PMT which need to write all settings
2018-01-17T15:15:14 * jhung1 has quit
2018-01-17T15:16:49 <cindyli> right. depending on how PMT is designed, it may or may not need these unsecured endpoints, Bosmon. at the moment, it\'s not safe to expose these endpoints on the cloud based flow manager
2018-01-17T15:17:08 * avtar joined the channel
2018-01-17T15:17:08 <Bosmon> cindyli - certainly they should be gone from the CBFM yes
2018-01-17T15:17:18 <Bosmon> In what configuration is the flowManager.save grade applied?
2018-01-17T15:17:46 * stegru has quit
2018-01-17T15:17:59 <Bosmon> Let\'s bring it up at the arch meeting
2018-01-17T15:18:03 * stegru joined the channel
2018-01-17T15:19:26 <cindyli> ok, Bosmon, i will prepare a list of where flowManager.save grade gets applied
2018-01-17T15:22:32 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-17T15:24:17 * kasper has quit
2018-01-17T15:30:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon, the-t-in-rtf: i\'m updating some of my branches with master to pull in the new code coverage stuff.. thanks for getting that in.. question though, I wonder if we should be adding the coverage, instrumented, and reports directories to the .npmignore and maybe some other things like testem.js and tests/configs. Thoughts?
2018-01-17T15:30:24 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, definitely
2018-01-17T15:30:40 <Bosmon> I assumed they were there but I guess they are just in .gitignore
2018-01-17T15:30:57 <the-t-in-rtf> You won\'t have to once the gpii-testem pull is reviewed.
2018-01-17T15:31:18 <the-t-in-rtf> Testem tends to want you to have those in the root, but the new grades now let you put that wherever you want.
2018-01-17T15:31:43 <the-t-in-rtf> So, for example, you can choose to put the instrumented code and coverage data in a temporary directory and just save the reports where you can see them.
2018-01-17T15:32:08 <the-t-in-rtf> But you can also do as we\'ve done with Testem, i.e. have coverage data in ./coverage, instrumented code in ./instrumented, and reports in ./reports
2018-01-17T15:33:09 <the-t-in-rtf> in which case, yes, you\'d want to add them to .gitignore.
2018-01-17T15:34:52 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: okay, so is this something we should file a JIRA about, or it will be taken care of soon in your other pull?
2018-01-17T15:36:13 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-17T15:37:36 <the-t-in-rtf> It\'s already available as a dev release, just a sec.
2018-01-17T15:38:01 <the-t-in-rtf> 2.0.0-dev.20180110T125546Z.2aa56e8
2018-01-17T15:38:19 <the-t-in-rtf> if you use that release of gpii-testem, it has the new grades
2018-01-17T15:38:51 <the-t-in-rtf> that\'s the one infusion is already using.
2018-01-17T15:38:54 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  it looks like that is the one that was pulled in
2018-01-17T15:38:57 <the-t-in-rtf> yup
2018-01-17T15:39:07 * kasper joined the channel
2018-01-17T15:39:59 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  okay.. sorry i think i\'m slightly confused.. but is there something we should do then to make sure that they don\'t show up in the npm packages for infusion?
2018-01-17T15:40:18 <the-t-in-rtf> it\'s a dev dependency.
2018-01-17T15:40:37 <the-t-in-rtf> So, I think it\'s OK, although yes, we should follow up and pin to full releases when possible.
2018-01-17T15:41:26 <Justin_o> i mean the coverage, reports and etc directories.. because we manually make the releases, it\'s possible that they\'ll slip into the npm package
2018-01-17T15:43:22 <the-t-in-rtf> I made it possible to put them outside the package directory because I think that\'s valuable.
2018-01-17T15:43:45 <the-t-in-rtf> The only small issue is that you want to know the location of the report.
2018-01-17T15:43:52 <the-t-in-rtf> For example to save it as part of a CI build.
2018-01-17T15:44:10 <the-t-in-rtf> but it\'s echoed onscreen if you store that outside of the repo.
2018-01-17T15:44:32 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. "reports saved to COPY_THIS_MY_FRIEND"
2018-01-17T15:45:18 <the-t-in-rtf> so it\'s fine to store that in temp for now.
2018-01-17T15:45:43 <the-t-in-rtf> the only thing is, report.tap is also saved there, so you could make the case for just living with that and getting good at excluding that.
2018-01-17T15:45:52 <the-t-in-rtf> s/there/to the reports dir/
2018-01-17T15:47:06 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i don\'t necessarily mind that they are in root; however, if they are in the repo we should probably add them to the npmignore.
2018-01-17T15:47:50 <the-t-in-rtf> yeah, definitely, I mean for the packaging.
2018-01-17T15:48:03 <the-t-in-rtf> I would be stunned if it weren\'t possible to exclude stuff there as well.
2018-01-17T15:49:01 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf, Bosmon: what exactly does the "branches" coverage mean in the report?
2018-01-17T15:49:13 <the-t-in-rtf> branches as in paths through a conditional
2018-01-17T15:49:30 <the-t-in-rtf> i.e. did you hit the "if" as well as the "else" part of an if/else
2018-01-17T15:49:54 <the-t-in-rtf> it also counts if you have an "if" with no "else" and don\'t test with something that\'s true and something that\'s false.
2018-01-17T15:51:43 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf:  okay that makes sense.. i\'m getting a report that I\'m only getting 50% for my test of this file https://github.com/jobara/infusion/blob/FLUID-6204/src/framework/preferences/js/LetterSpacePanel.js
2018-01-17T15:52:01 <Justin_o> so perhaps there is something in coming up through the base grade?
2018-01-17T15:52:09 <the-t-in-rtf> no
2018-01-17T15:52:17 <the-t-in-rtf> you never had a case in which fluid_3_0_0 didn\'t exist
2018-01-17T15:52:24 <the-t-in-rtf> line 12
2018-01-17T15:52:29 <the-t-in-rtf> that is also a branch.
2018-01-17T15:52:38 <the-t-in-rtf> you can exclude it, but it\'s still a branch.
2018-01-17T15:53:07 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: ah, i see.. i\'m not sure that\'s something worth testing, at least at a component level, but not sure.. what do you think?
2018-01-17T15:53:20 <the-t-in-rtf> I would exclude it unless it\'s likely to come up in real world usage.
2018-01-17T15:53:39 <the-t-in-rtf> I assume failing to include fluid as a source dep would result in numerous obvious errors.
2018-01-17T15:53:46 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-17T15:53:51 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: i mean it could.. it\'s there so that you can use a specific version of infusion.. usually only when there are multiples on a single page, but that rarely happens
2018-01-17T15:53:52 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-01-17T15:54:11 <Justin_o> yes it would
2018-01-17T15:54:38 <Justin_o> basically nothing would work
'

