b'2018-06-04T00:04:01 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-04T04:10:09 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-04T05:06:27 * mrtyler has quit
2018-06-04T06:16:46 * javjarfer joined the channel
2018-06-04T06:38:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-06-04T06:38:55 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-06-04T08:18:29 * stegru joined the channel
2018-06-04T08:40:36 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-06-04T08:52:12 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-06-04T09:23:02 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T09:27:48 <dandimitrov> Hey, Bosmon. We\'re thinking of merging the DPI branch with our QSS work as we have some need for those changes (we have related work) and things seem to have changed a bit in the behaviour of the display-metrics-changed event with the current Electron version (the event is fired either once or twice instead of the three times before).
2018-06-04T09:27:56 <dandimitrov> 
2018-06-04T09:27:57 <dandimitrov> I suggest closing the PR and testing it as a whole with everything else
2018-06-04T09:28:14 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - yes, that sounds fine to me
2018-06-04T09:28:24 <dandimitrov> And another thing: how do you find the idea of hiding all browser windows when a DPI change is present and showing them again with a small timeout to ensure they are all resized and positioned correctly without too much flickering and oddity?
2018-06-04T09:28:27 <dandimitrov> I can\'t seem to find a way around having a small timeout to ensure things working correctly... :/
2018-06-04T09:28:31 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - so with the changes in the current Electron version does the problem seem less likely or more likely?
2018-06-04T09:28:50 <dandimitrov> I believe it
2018-06-04T09:29:01 <dandimitrov> it\xe2\x80\x99s more likely to happen
2018-06-04T09:29:19 <Bosmon> dandimitrov - ok, that\'s interesting
2018-06-04T09:29:26 <dandimitrov> which brings the need for the timeout\xe2\x80\xa6
2018-06-04T09:29:30 <Bosmon> Yes, reshowing windows after a small delay sounds like a reasonable strategy to me
2018-06-04T09:29:39 <dandimitrov> ok, great
2018-06-04T09:29:44 <dandimitrov> Thank you :)
2018-06-04T09:29:47 <Bosmon> Better than having them jumping all around the place randomly
2018-06-04T09:30:09 <dandimitrov> yep
2018-06-04T09:30:30 <dandimitrov> and having the content of the windows resired before the windows themselvs
2018-06-04T09:30:48 <dandimitrov> as the the content resize is triggered by the OS
2018-06-04T09:31:04 <dandimitrov> and the windows resizing comes from Electron
2018-06-04T09:47:00 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T10:16:54 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2018-06-04T10:28:23 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T10:43:12 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T10:46:23 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T11:07:10 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T11:09:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-06-04T11:15:40 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T11:21:18 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T11:31:43 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T11:33:24 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T11:35:21 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T11:36:24 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T11:38:42 * javjarfer has quit
2018-06-04T11:48:46 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T12:57:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-04T13:00:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-06-04T13:04:25 * jhung joined the channel
2018-06-04T13:17:25 * yuriy has quit
2018-06-04T13:27:50 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-06-04T13:30:36 * clown joined the channel
2018-06-04T13:43:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-06-04T14:00:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-06-04T14:14:30 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T14:17:44 * jessm joined the channel
2018-06-04T14:26:05 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T14:50:55 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-04T14:53:08 * danayo joined the channel
2018-06-04T15:04:04 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-04T15:04:42 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-04T15:17:44 * avtar joined the channel
2018-06-04T15:33:41 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T15:45:35 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T15:52:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-04T15:56:12 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-06-04T16:10:53 * danayo has quit
2018-06-04T16:12:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-06-04T16:28:12 * alanharnum has quit
2018-06-04T16:38:08 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-06-04T16:38:55 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T16:44:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-04T16:47:04 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-06-04T16:51:22 * michelled has quit
2018-06-04T17:01:38 * VictorNG_ joined the channel
2018-06-04T17:05:18 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-04T17:05:58 * neuralmilkhotel joined the channel
2018-06-04T17:08:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-06-04T17:10:21 * rutvi joined the channel
2018-06-04T17:14:33 * stegru has quit
2018-06-04T17:16:16 <sgithens> Bosmon2: In the solutions reg, capabilitiesTransformations for types spiSettingsHandlers have an extra "path" block in addition to "transform"
2018-06-04T17:16:51 <sgithens> I\'m assuming this is just for spi settings, as I don\'t see any other solutions that have blocks other than transform, or just a shorthand transform
2018-06-04T17:17:41 <sgithens> I\'m asking because, when I snapshot the settings, the spi settings handler is blowing up because it\'s looking for information in the \'path\' block
2018-06-04T17:17:59 * janardan joined the channel
2018-06-04T17:19:16 <sgithens> I\'m wondering if I\'m missing some extra step that is necessary but I haven\'t seen it yet looking through the lifecycle handler.
2018-06-04T17:19:44 <sgithens> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/T432E0uq/
2018-06-04T17:21:56 <sgithens> Then, on just spi settings it chokes because the path information isn\'t in there so I wonder if there is another tranformation/compression stage I\'m missing that decorated the handlerspec
2018-06-04T17:22:26 <sgithens> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/oVDBkmfQ/
2018-06-04T17:24:51 * stegru joined the channel
2018-06-04T17:31:53 * danayo joined the channel
2018-06-04T17:43:08 * VictorNG_ has quit
2018-06-04T17:52:13 * janardan has quit
2018-06-04T17:52:21 * janardan joined the channel
2018-06-04T17:55:37 * alanharnum has quit
2018-06-04T18:26:19 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-04T18:34:20 <Bosmon2> sgithens - you may need to reverse-engineer the "path" stuff a bit
2018-06-04T18:34:34 <Bosmon2> As far as I can see it is not in any way something generic but something hardwired into the SPI handler itself
2018-06-04T18:34:56 <Bosmon2> It bottles through this utility "windows.resolvePath" in WindowsUtilities.js which has an incomprehensible doc comment
2018-06-04T18:35:14 * alanharnum has quit
2018-06-04T18:35:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-04T18:41:11 <Bosmon> sgithens - looking at this in just slightly more depth suggests that the "capabilitiesTransformations" block is simply the wrong place for this info
2018-06-04T18:41:17 <Bosmon> And it should really go into the "options" block
2018-06-04T18:41:45 <Bosmon> You\'ll notice that absolutely every use of "path" for this handler has to escape all the junk using "literalValue" in order to avoid actually interpreting it as a transform
2018-06-04T18:42:17 <Bosmon> So don\'t assume that any of this stuff is actually the way it needs to be, in most ways it is just the way we abandoned it in 2012 as soon as we got "minimum viable" settingsHandlers
2018-06-04T18:43:56 <Bosmon> I guess it is dumped in "capabilitiesTransformations" because each setting potentially needs a different value for this
2018-06-04T18:43:59 * kunal joined the channel
2018-06-04T18:44:20 <Bosmon> But this is i) obviously nuts, and ii) doesn\'t help us encode application-specific transformations
2018-06-04T18:45:00 <Bosmon> "mouseKeys" is particularly weird in that we seem to have both a schema under "supportedSettings" as well as capabilitiesTransformations to common terms
2018-06-04T18:48:07 <jhung> colinclark: Mike Winters and the GaTech Sonification Lab are hosting a workshop using the PhET OSC bridge on June 13. Details can be found here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x7TSWiY26D4hRmmC9y6LwY0S_1HFux6qrJ0vnH8ova4/edit?ts=5b157a02
2018-06-04T18:51:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-04T18:51:59 * michelled joined the channel
2018-06-04T18:55:23 <colinclark> jhung: Yup, Mike was in touch about it
2018-06-04T18:55:46 <colinclark> I was going to ask him to acknowledge the involvement of the IDRC in the project ;)
2018-06-04T18:55:54 <colinclark> but haven\'t had a chance yet
2018-06-04T18:56:03 <jhung> colinclark awesome. :)
2018-06-04T18:56:08 <colinclark> I gave him a bit of technical support last week
2018-06-04T18:56:13 <colinclark> it sounds like it\'s going to be an awesome workshop
2018-06-04T18:56:30 <jhung> Yeah. It looks ambi
2018-06-04T18:56:34 <jhung> *ambitious.
2018-06-04T19:27:27 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-06-04T19:30:21 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-06-04T19:33:01 <sgithens> Bosmon2: Thanks for the sluething, it makes me feel better about the spi handler blowing up during settings capture.   I imagine we should probably fix up the SPI settings handler rather than put special stuff in to it for the capture tool.
2018-06-04T19:33:06 <sgithens> err Bosmon
2018-06-04T19:33:43 <sgithens> I\'ll get a bit more famlier with the SPI handler
2018-06-04T19:33:50 <Bosmon> sgithens - well, we should fix up "all" the settings handlers
2018-06-04T19:34:04 <Bosmon> It\'s not so much as it needs special stuff put into it for the capture tool, but having special stuff taken out :)
2018-06-04T19:34:20 <Bosmon> But we can take this opportunity now since we are already planning to (re)think how application-specific settings work
2018-06-04T19:34:39 <Bosmon> It\'s another great instance of having to make them work in a much more analogous way to the ones based on common terms
2018-06-04T19:35:03 <sgithens> right.  I haven\'t flexed every possible one, but the rest of the windows registry settings work with capture, and the INI one works because I can capture NVDA settings
2018-06-04T19:36:05 <sgithens> but I want to understand anything that will need to be fixed for it, since I believe we\'ll need to be capturing by the end of July
2018-06-04T19:56:55 * stegru has quit
2018-06-04T19:59:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-06-04T20:01:02 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-06-04T20:02:44 * stegru joined the channel
2018-06-04T20:10:29 * michelled has quit
2018-06-04T20:12:20 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-06-04T20:18:25 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-06-04T20:18:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-06-04T20:21:03 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-06-04T20:48:30 * natarajaya joined the channel
2018-06-04T22:21:32 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2018-06-04T22:22:21 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2018-06-04T22:27:25 * colinclark has quit
2018-06-04T23:16:49 * stegru has quit
'

