b"2018-02-21T22:02:02 <grrrero> So the transcribing recorder was for P4A? Am I right, michelled1?
2018-02-21T22:02:30 <michelled1> grrrero: there was a game that was made for preferences discovery using a cat for gsoc https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+%28GSoC%29+2016+Project+Progress+Repository
2018-02-21T22:02:38 <michelled1> but I don't know if it is still in working order
2018-02-21T22:02:55 <michelled1> grrrero: the transcribing recorder is still in development for the SJRK storytelling tool
2018-02-21T22:03:07 <grrrero> Ah I see
2018-02-21T22:05:49 <michelled1> grrrero: currently, there is only a git repo: https://github.com/waharnum/transcribingRecorder
2018-02-21T22:05:59 <michelled1> I'm not sure that's enough to show off?
2018-02-21T22:06:04 <grrrero> Yeah I was wondering
2018-02-21T22:06:07 <michelled1> it doesn't have much support around it
2018-02-21T22:06:11 <michelled1> maybe we should hold off
2018-02-21T22:06:13 <grrrero> Should I remove it from the list for now?
2018-02-21T22:06:14 <grrrero> Yeah
2018-02-21T22:06:23 <michelled1> yeah
2018-02-21T22:07:09 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-21T22:11:07 * michelled1 has quit
2018-02-21T22:36:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T22:56:03 * alanharnum has quit
2018-02-21T22:56:24 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T23:04:50 * alanharnum has quit
2018-02-21T23:23:38 * avtar has quit
2018-02-21T23:38:39 * Smirnoff joined the channel
2018-02-21T23:40:15 * Smirnoff has quit
2018-02-21T23:42:34 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-02-21T23:56:57 * stegru has quit
"

b'2018-02-21T14:53:02 * avtar joined the channel
2018-02-21T14:59:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-02-21T15:05:53 <Bosmon> Hi dandimitrov - the pull is merged
2018-02-21T15:17:55 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-02-21T15:18:39 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-02-21T15:18:56 <Smirnoffq> Hello hello
2018-02-21T15:22:37 <Smirnoffq> Is there anyone responsible for GSoC? I would like to ask about 2 projects
2018-02-21T15:30:35 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-02-21T15:32:57 * michelled joined the channel
2018-02-21T15:33:28 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-02-21T15:42:36 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-02-21T15:43:29 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-02-21T15:45:57 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-02-21T15:54:24 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:00:56 * avtar has quit
2018-02-21T16:03:39 * jhung joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:05:39 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:05:41 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-02-21T16:13:33 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:15:00 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:27:36 <cindyli> sorry, just saw your message, Smirnoffq, what 2 projects would you like to know about?
2018-02-21T16:28:58 <Smirnoffq> I already sent email to \ttony@raisingthefloor.org
2018-02-21T16:29:10 <Smirnoffq> but about these two projects:
2018-02-21T16:29:12 <Smirnoffq> - Upgrade AChecker
2018-02-21T16:29:14 <Smirnoffq> - Build a service for adaptive content and learning supports
2018-02-21T16:29:17 <Bosmon> Hey there cindyli - thanks so much for the merge
2018-02-21T16:29:39 <cindyli> anytime, Bosmon
2018-02-21T16:30:22 <cindyli> Smirnoffq: i\'m the mentor of "upgrade achecker" and alanharnum is the mentor for the other
2018-02-21T16:31:38 <cindyli> feel free to ping us in the channel for questions
2018-02-21T16:31:40 <Smirnoffq> yeah, I saw but alan was not online, and I didn\'t see you on irc
2018-02-21T16:31:52 <alanharnum> Smirnoffq: we\'re about to go into our daily standup meeting, but I\'m happy to answer any questions about the second project after that
2018-02-21T16:33:20 <Smirnoffq> well... my most important question is what to do to be selected to work on these projects for GSoC?
2018-02-21T16:35:18 <Smirnoffq> alanharnum, cindyli
2018-02-21T16:41:22 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-02-21T16:42:48 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:43:45 * Sunny0794 joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:45:51 * yuriy has quit
2018-02-21T16:46:32 * Smirnoff joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:46:39 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:46:40 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:46:48 * Smirnoff has left the channel
2018-02-21T16:46:54 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-02-21T16:47:04 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-02-21T16:47:52 <Sunny0794> Hello Everyone!! I am reading Infusion Documentation since past few days and familiarising myself more with the development framework. I am interested in the project Inclusive Design Guide Digital-Print copy workflow prototypes and want to initiate contribution. Can anyone please assign me some beginner bugs to get me started.
2018-02-21T16:48:30 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:50:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:53:16 <jhung> hi Sunny0794 - thanks for your interest. The Inclusive Design Guide workflow project doesn\'t actually use Infusion. It has two independent parts - a static website that\'s generated using Docpad for online, and an Adobe Illustrator file for print.
2018-02-21T16:53:40 * kavya joined the channel
2018-02-21T16:53:52 <alanharnum> Smirnoffq: for the project I\'m mentoring, since it\'s new code rather than an existing codebase, the main criteria IMO is the strength of the project proposal application (March 12 - 27 on the timeline at https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/how-it-works/)
2018-02-21T16:54:23 <jhung> The project is to investigate ways to better manage content shared between the two copies (online and print), and create some prototypes Sunny0794.
2018-02-21T16:55:13 <Sunny0794> jhung - Thanks a lot for that information. I am interested in that particular project. Can you please provide me some documentation,resources or refernce through which I can learn more about the project. Thanks.
2018-02-21T16:55:31 <Smirnoffq> alanharnum: So I just have to start making my own app, and send it to you between 12-27 march?
2018-02-21T16:55:51 <jhung> Sunny0794: sure. Let me dig up some links. I\'ll paste them here in the IRC chat and also I will update the Project description with the information.
2018-02-21T16:56:55 <Sunny0794> jhung: Thanks a lot . I will stay connected and will try to learn as much as possible.
2018-02-21T16:57:04 <cindyli> Smirnoffq: i included a section of "how to get started" on the wiki - https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2018+with+the+Fluid+Project#GoogleSummerofCode2018withtheFluidProject-UpgradeAChecker. what\'s important i believe would be:
2018-02-21T16:57:05 <jhung> great Sunny0794
2018-02-21T16:57:14 <cindyli> 1. understand the design and the code base of AChecker
2018-02-21T16:57:42 <cindyli> 2. research and figure out what needs to be done for this project. there are a lot could be expanded for each point
2018-02-21T16:57:50 <alanharnum> in terms of preparation for a good proposal, the advice on the page at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Getting+Started+on+GSoC is applicable - you should be able to show some familiarity with Infusion (our main Javascript framework) and Kettle (Infusion\'s server-side framework), and with using third-party APIs
2018-02-21T16:58:15 <alanharnum> Smirnoffq: ^
2018-02-21T16:58:19 <cindyli> 3. demonstrate your knowledge on required skills for this project
2018-02-21T16:59:00 <alanharnum> Smirnoffq: if it makes sense for you to build a prototype or similar to explore via code, that\'s OK - points 2 and 3 that cindli makes are applicable here as well
2018-02-21T16:59:49 <alanharnum> Smirnoffq: you should review Google\'s advice for writing a GSOC proposal: https://google.github.io/gsocguides/student/writing-a-proposal
2018-02-21T17:00:18 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-02-21T17:00:27 <Smirnoffq> Okay, great thanks for your response I will definately look into everything you sent ;)
2018-02-21T17:00:40 <alanharnum> you\'re welcome Smirnoffq
2018-02-21T17:02:22 <Sunny0794> alanharnum: Sir , meanwhile can we work on some beginner bug\'s to familiarise ourselves more with codebase ?
2018-02-21T17:26:14 * Sunny0794 has quit
2018-02-21T17:36:40 * alanharnum has quit
2018-02-21T17:37:06 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T17:53:33 * michelled joined the channel
2018-02-21T17:53:34 * michelled has quit
2018-02-21T17:53:57 * michelled joined the channel
2018-02-21T17:53:57 * michelled has quit
2018-02-21T17:54:39 * Sunny0794 joined the channel
2018-02-21T17:57:42 * kavya has quit
2018-02-21T18:02:26 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-02-21T18:03:49 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-02-21T18:06:56 * yuriy has quit
2018-02-21T18:07:35 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-02-21T18:09:19 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-21T18:09:48 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-02-21T18:12:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T18:23:37 <Sunny0794> jhung: Sir, in project idea what does maintain a "diff layer" to reveal the differences / changes between the web and print copies means.... ?  and does the main objective of project is to design/implement  prototypes to edit/create/print the inclusive design guide from web copy ?
2018-02-21T18:27:00 * michelled joined the channel
2018-02-21T18:27:03 <jhung> Sunny0794: it\'s pretty open at the moment how you want to decide to approach this. What is meant by a "diff layer" is some sort of middleware that tracks changes on either the print side or the web side so that maintainers can ensure that changes are reflected in both online and print.
2018-02-21T18:27:18 <jhung> I\'ll add that to the project description.
2018-02-21T18:33:28 <Sunny0794> Yes sir , Got it....!  It will be great if you can also update how to get started part.
2018-02-21T18:49:37 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T18:59:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:02:24 <Sunny0794> jhung: Sir,the project also aims at synchronising the online and print copies of Inclusive Design Guide(5 pdf\'s).? I have locally clone the repo and set-up the dev environment. I am researching more on the codebase and researching on how prototype can be build to reach the solution.
2018-02-21T19:12:46 * clown has quit
2018-02-21T19:14:15 * avtar joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:14:55 * clown joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:21:50 * sayak9495 joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:28:27 <jhung> great Sunny0794. It also may be helpful to see how other projects, book publishers, universities etc manage this sort of situation.
2018-02-21T19:32:23 <grrrero> fluid-everyone: Hi everyone, today\'s community meeting is with Ellie Marshall on digital health surveillance and digital rights. Collaborative notes here: https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Feb+21%2C+2018%29+-+Digital+Health+Surveillance+and+Digital+Rights
2018-02-21T19:32:34 <Sunny0794> Yes sir...i am getting it...I will follow them...It will be a great help!
2018-02-21T19:34:25 * michelled1 joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:35:04 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:42:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:43:41 * cindyli has quit
2018-02-21T19:44:16 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:44:22 * simonjb has quit
2018-02-21T19:45:03 * stegru has quit
2018-02-21T19:47:04 * Smirnoff joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:49:10 * Smirnoffq has quit
2018-02-21T19:53:12 * stegru joined the channel
2018-02-21T19:54:31 * Smirnoff has quit
2018-02-21T19:54:47 * Smirnoff joined the channel
2018-02-21T20:04:27 <stegru> javjarfer[m]: node-activex looks better than I thought - it looks better than using edge
2018-02-21T20:05:23 <stegru> (I originally thought it was implemented in just node)
2018-02-21T20:11:51 * sayak9495 has quit
2018-02-21T20:15:22 <jhernandez> stegru: glad to hear that
2018-02-21T20:16:08 <jhernandez> can you add your thoughts on this JIRA https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-830 ?
2018-02-21T20:19:59 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-02-21T20:37:29 * kasparnet has quit
2018-02-21T20:42:06 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-02-21T20:44:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-02-21T20:45:07 * Smirnoff has quit
2018-02-21T20:46:37 * Smirnoffq joined the channel
2018-02-21T20:50:02 * kasparnet has quit
2018-02-21T20:52:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T20:52:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-02-21T20:57:52 * clown joined the channel
2018-02-21T21:02:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T21:10:45 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-02-21T21:12:30 * alanharnum has quit
2018-02-21T21:12:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T21:20:10 * Sunny0794 has quit
2018-02-21T21:30:28 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-02-21T21:35:03 * sepidehshahi_ has quit
2018-02-21T21:36:52 * danayo has quit
2018-02-21T21:39:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-02-21T21:41:35 <grrrero> fluid-everyone: Does anyone know where the Transcribing Recorder or Discovery Cats are located?
2018-02-21T21:41:57 <clown> grrrero:  sorry, not I
2018-02-21T21:42:09 <grrrero> clown: Thanks :(
2018-02-21T21:42:33 <clown> ask Bert, maybe?  Or you already have?
2018-02-21T21:42:40 <grrrero> clown: I haven\'t!
2018-02-21T21:43:01 * cindyli has quit
2018-02-21T21:52:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T21:53:13 * simonjb has quit
2018-02-21T21:57:49 * alanharnum has quit
2018-02-21T21:58:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T21:58:39 * amatas has quit
2018-02-21T21:59:08 <michelled1> grrrero: Discovery Cats was a gsoc project I think
2018-02-21T21:59:37 <grrrero> Aha, thanks michelled1 found it
2018-02-21T21:59:47 <michelled1> grrrero: here are some designes
2018-02-21T21:59:48 <michelled1> https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Discovery+Cats+-+First+Discovery
2018-02-21T22:00:01 <grrrero> That\'s the exact page I\'m on too, thanks!! michelled1
'

b'2018-02-21T01:00:57 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-21T03:57:00 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-21T04:03:41 * danayo has quit
2018-02-21T05:19:24 * grrrero has quit
2018-02-21T05:37:14 * danayo joined the channel
2018-02-21T05:37:14 * danayo has quit
2018-02-21T08:03:56 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-02-21T08:51:48 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-02-21T08:53:46 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-02-21T08:56:48 * yuriy has quit
2018-02-21T09:07:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-02-21T09:15:37 <Bosmon> Hi georgitodorov - I issued a fix for the IoC testing framework issue that was causing the webView tests to fail
2018-02-21T09:15:44 <Bosmon> A pull for it is just going through CI for universal
2018-02-21T09:15:54 <Bosmon> https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/589
2018-02-21T09:17:08 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Thank you, Antranig! I saw that earlier this morning and was trying to test it
2018-02-21T09:17:27 <Bosmon> I verified that it fixed the issue if pasted into the gpii-app dependencies
2018-02-21T09:17:36 <georgitodorov> I changed the infusion version in the package.json of the gpii-app
2018-02-21T09:17:39 <Bosmon> But now we just need to see if it works in place ...
2018-02-21T09:17:45 <georgitodorov> And then installed the modules
2018-02-21T09:18:37 <georgitodorov> Oh, I see now
2018-02-21T09:18:58 <georgitodorov> I must not be pointing to master but to a specific version of infusion in the package.json of the GPII app
2018-02-21T09:19:13 <Bosmon> Ah
2018-02-21T09:19:21 <Bosmon> Well I only rolled the npm module about 5 minutes ago
2018-02-21T09:19:58 <Bosmon> If you tried to resolve via git this could have gone wrong for any number of reasons ....
2018-02-21T09:29:40 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hmm, it seems that when I put this "infusion": "3.0.0-dev.20180221T012810Z.29c3e67" in the package.json of the GPII app, a different version is installed
2018-02-21T09:29:52 <georgitodorov> One which does not contain your fixes from yesterday
2018-02-21T09:30:02 <georgitodorov> I guess I am doing something wrong
2018-02-21T09:30:27 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - it\'s best to just rm -rf all of node-modules since npm never gets this right
2018-02-21T09:39:37 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I did that but still wrong version...Do I need to make any further changes to the package.json of the GPII for this to work? Maybe it will be better for me to wait until you merge the PR
2018-02-21T09:39:53 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - I can\'t think how it could be the wrong version
2018-02-21T09:40:05 <Bosmon> Although there was something suspicious about the module publication process
2018-02-21T09:41:40 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: What was that?
2018-02-21T09:41:49 <Bosmon> Well, I used npm 5 for it
2018-02-21T09:41:52 <Bosmon> And it gave some warnings
2018-02-21T09:42:19 <Bosmon> Yes, indeed something bad and incomprehensible has happened...
2018-02-21T09:45:28 <Bosmon> Well no
2018-02-21T09:45:37 <Bosmon> At least the tarball is correct for the release
2018-02-21T09:47:03 <Bosmon> OK, so the correct code is in npm
2018-02-21T09:56:46 <Bosmon> OK I did a clean checkout of universal and it does indeed have the correct version in it...
2018-02-21T10:00:50 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I am a bit lost. I guess it is best for me to wait until your PR is merged
2018-02-21T10:06:03 <Bosmon> Yes, I\'ll just try to update gpii-windows now and see what happens
2018-02-21T10:10:21 * stegru joined the channel
2018-02-21T10:26:44 <Bosmon> jhernandez, kasparnet, look!
2018-02-21T10:26:49 <Bosmon> It is the dawning of a GLORIOUS DAY!
2018-02-21T10:26:50 <Bosmon> https://www.npmjs.com/package/gpii-universal
2018-02-21T10:26:57 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-02-21T10:28:03 <kasparnet> Bosmon ooooooooooh amazing
2018-02-21T10:28:48 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-02-21T10:31:17 <Bosmon> stegru - that\'s interesting - so despite the fact you block one ENDSESSION message, you still get another one?
2018-02-21T10:31:52 <stegru> no, Bosmon
2018-02-21T10:32:10 <Bosmon> Ah sorry
2018-02-21T10:32:24 <Bosmon> I mean, despite the fact you refuse the QUERYENDSESSION, you still get a following ENDSESSION?
2018-02-21T10:32:31 <stegru> oh, yes
2018-02-21T10:32:45 <stegru> er.. no
2018-02-21T10:32:49 <Bosmon> !
2018-02-21T10:33:55 <stegru> the query is asking applications if it\'s ok to shutdown - the first window that says "no" stops the query message being sent to others
2018-02-21T10:37:10 <Bosmon> Oh I see
2018-02-21T10:37:14 <Bosmon> But it doesn\'t stop the actual shutdown?
2018-02-21T10:38:00 <stegru> it just delays it for 30 seconds (or the user says "shutdown anyway")
2018-02-21T10:38:16 <stegru> another thing, the high-contrast doesn\'t work because processes can\'t be started while shutdown is in progress
2018-02-21T10:38:50 <stegru> nothing to do with the "active desktop".. rather the "not-shutting-down desktop"
2018-02-21T10:42:59 <stegru> by the way, I think a later version of electron handles this (the shutdown notification)
2018-02-21T10:59:20 <Bosmon> stegru - oh wow
2018-02-21T10:59:38 <Bosmon> But didn\'t you observe a possible success through starting sethc.exe?
2018-02-21T11:00:20 <stegru> yes, i must have done something differently, Bosmon
2018-02-21T11:00:38 <stegru> i can\'t even start notepad, or cmd.exe
2018-02-21T11:00:44 <Bosmon> yow
2018-02-21T11:03:38 <stegru> just put more info on GPII-2876
2018-02-21T11:10:30 <jhernandez> Bosmon: ohh, LO HAS PUBLICADO!!!
2018-02-21T11:10:46 <jhernandez> :D
2018-02-21T11:10:53 <Bosmon> CON URGENZIA!
2018-02-21T11:10:57 <Bosmon> This took us only 6 years :)
2018-02-21T11:13:16 <jhernandez> that\'s great
2018-02-21T11:13:18 <jhernandez> :)
2018-02-21T11:13:46 <stegru> didn\'t realise they had a word for that
2018-02-21T11:14:13 <Bosmon> It\'s rarely used
2018-02-21T11:14:34 <Bosmon> It\'s considered largely abusive, I think :)
2018-02-21T11:14:52 <jhernandez> yeah, it\'s an old castilian thing
2018-02-21T11:15:04 <jhernandez> xD
2018-02-21T11:30:29 * suranamudit[m] joined the channel
2018-02-21T11:31:48 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-02-21T11:36:14 * amatas__ joined the channel
2018-02-21T11:38:45 * amatas_ has quit
2018-02-21T11:41:24 <Bosmon> Hi there georgitodorov - so the pulls have got to top level - this one is now going through CI - https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/36
2018-02-21T11:41:31 <Bosmon> But from what I see it does check out the correct versions
2018-02-21T11:47:01 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Great! Once it is merged, I will also check it on my machine and will update the survey branch.
2018-02-21T11:49:45 <Bosmon> jhernandez - I guess we\'ll try and roll a release for Maureen out of the shreds of stegru\'s pull?
2018-02-21T11:49:53 <Bosmon> It looks like he based it on your working breanch anyway
2018-02-21T11:51:05 <stegru> yeh, it\'s based on that branch because it already contains the messaging related code (which was in there for the new listeners)
2018-02-21T11:53:06 <jhernandez> yes, we should create an installer for Maureen
2018-02-21T11:53:14 <jhernandez> in fact, I was about to ask
2018-02-21T11:53:30 <jhernandez> I\'ve seen your exchanges on GPII-2869
2018-02-21T11:53:40 <Bosmon> Yes, that one is not going to be resolved in a hurry
2018-02-21T11:53:49 <Bosmon> But I think stegru\'s existing pull is better than a poke in the eye
2018-02-21T11:54:01 <jhernandez> but it\'s not clear to me whether it\'s ready or not
2018-02-21T11:54:06 <jhernandez> sure
2018-02-21T11:54:11 <stegru> it\'s releasable
2018-02-21T11:54:14 <Bosmon> It does solve the DPI part of the issue
2018-02-21T11:54:33 <jhernandez> and still having problems with the high contrast, isn\'t it?
2018-02-21T11:54:38 <Bosmon> yes
2018-02-21T11:54:57 <stegru> don\'t hold your breath waiting for that
2018-02-21T11:55:32 <jhernandez> sure, I was just double checking
2018-02-21T11:55:46 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-02-21T11:56:31 <jhernandez> okay, I\'ll merge locally and start testing - I guess that we will pass this installer through Kavya before passing it to Maureen
2018-02-21T11:57:43 <stegru> i\'ll continue perfecting it in the meantime
2018-02-21T11:57:56 <jhernandez> I\'d say that this will be our last installer based on git deps :)
2018-02-21T11:58:30 <jhernandez> stegru: cool, thanks!
2018-02-21T12:01:34 <stegru> htop
2018-02-21T12:01:40 <stegru> oops
2018-02-21T12:03:48 <jhernandez> stegru: top - 13:03:00 up 4 days, 19:00,  2 users,  load average: 1.88, 1.15, 1.16
2018-02-21T12:04:02 <jhernandez> Tasks: 339 total,   1 running, 338 sleeping,   0 stopped,   0 zombie
2018-02-21T12:04:08 <jhernandez> xDD
2018-02-21T12:04:10 <stegru> ah, thanks
2018-02-21T12:04:41 <stegru> just 4 days? pff
2018-02-21T12:12:46 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-02-21T12:19:01 <kasparnet> ping Bosmon
2018-02-21T12:19:43 <kasparnet> Still working on the MM stuff, enabled things are now working, but need to update a ton of tests, documentation, etc
2018-02-21T12:20:11 <kasparnet> but while being at it, I was thinking about slightly modifying the MM flow
2018-02-21T12:21:22 <kasparnet> in that, instead of building up the "matchmaker input payload" in a lot of different places, I would like to move the adding of all the helper structures to a single point (within reason ofc)
2018-02-21T12:22:37 <kasparnet> so we currently have this function https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/matchMakerFramework/src/MatchMakerFramework.js
2018-02-21T12:22:57 <kasparnet> the preprocessing, which is repsonsible for building the initial payload that is sent around in the matchmaker
2018-02-21T12:23:11 <kasparnet> right now we just add the solutions, preferences and inferred common terms
2018-02-21T12:24:40 <kasparnet> I\'m thinking of extending that to also include solution capabilities, an */enabled capabilities structure, etc.
2018-02-21T12:25:33 <kasparnet> right now this stuff is happening in other places in the (canopy) matchmaker, but it seems cleaner to build any potential general purpose structure up front
2018-02-21T12:26:14 <kasparnet> the upside being readability and knowing these structures are available once the flow is handed over to the specific MM implementation (canopy/flat)
2018-02-21T12:26:39 <kasparnet> the downside would be that we might be building some structures that are irellevant to certain matchmakers
2018-02-21T12:35:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-02-21T12:46:06 <Bosmon> General purpose intermediate structures sound great
2018-02-21T12:48:14 <kasparnet> ok coolio
2018-02-21T12:49:11 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: I see that the CI has passed. Can you merge the branch with the fixes?
2018-02-21T12:50:53 * amatas__ has quit
2018-02-21T13:10:20 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-02-21T13:12:58 * amatas__ joined the channel
2018-02-21T13:15:05 * amatas_ has quit
2018-02-21T13:16:50 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T13:18:34 * amatas__ has quit
2018-02-21T13:31:34 * jhung joined the channel
2018-02-21T13:49:46 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-02-21T13:52:04 * amatas_ has quit
2018-02-21T13:52:19 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-02-21T13:53:41 <jhung> Justin_o: merged the infusion icons PR.
2018-02-21T14:08:24 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-02-21T14:09:14 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-02-21T14:10:21 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-02-21T14:11:28 * clown joined the channel
2018-02-21T14:21:19 * amatas_ has quit
2018-02-21T14:30:13 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-02-21T14:44:49 * alanharnum has quit
2018-02-21T14:48:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-02-21T14:49:33 * simonjb joined the channel
'

