b'2018-07-27T16:38:17 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-27T16:39:27 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-27T16:57:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-27T17:00:00 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf: Following up from the diatribe on the call about dev releases, npm linking etc.  Can you push a dev release to a local npm repo on your machine that can be included in addtion to the public npm cloud repo?
2018-07-27T17:00:10 <sgithens> using your workflow
2018-07-27T17:02:30 <the-t-in-rtf> I have never tried anything like that.
2018-07-27T17:02:40 <the-t-in-rtf> I only ever work with stuff which is available from the cloud.
2018-07-27T17:03:01 <the-t-in-rtf> either as a committed piece of work that can be referenced with a GIT url and hashtag, or as a dev release published to npm.
2018-07-27T17:03:59 <sgithens> the-t-in-rtf: i see
2018-07-27T17:04:09 <the-t-in-rtf> you might have to research this one and report back, dude.
2018-07-27T17:04:15 <sgithens> I will
2018-07-27T17:04:18 <the-t-in-rtf> awesome.
2018-07-27T17:04:50 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-27T17:04:59 <sgithens> cause now, I\'m suddenly wanting to work with my gpii-express-user branch in multiple projects, and since I can\'t symlink I need to copy it around somewhere
2018-07-27T17:05:26 <the-t-in-rtf> well
2018-07-27T17:05:41 <the-t-in-rtf> you can obviously commit your work and use your repo and a commit hash
2018-07-27T17:05:59 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-07-27T17:06:01 <sgithens> I had actually wondered if maybe there is something like an rsync wawtch mode, so I could edit it separately, and then it would get sync\'d to all the node_modules directories I\'m working on every time I save a file
2018-07-27T17:06:09 <the-t-in-rtf> eek
2018-07-27T17:06:25 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, using npm to manage modules is one thing, that\'s a whole other crate of cans of worms
2018-07-27T17:06:35 <the-t-in-rtf> I was gonna suggest seeing if you could use a local git url
2018-07-27T17:06:42 <the-t-in-rtf> like instead of github
2018-07-27T17:07:01 <sgithens> I don\'t really want to commit on every couple file saves,.... even if I was going to squash it
2018-07-27T17:08:18 <the-t-in-rtf> if you\'re testing stuff rapidly, you can also just edit the copy in the project where you can see the effects, and copy back whatever works.
2018-07-27T17:08:34 <sgithens> that\'s what I\'ve been doing but
2018-07-27T17:09:12 <sgithens> I\'m in the process of wanting to move some stuff from the ptt back to the prefs server, and thye\'d both need to use gpii-express-user, and it *has* to be in the location because of no linking
2018-07-27T17:09:25 <sgithens> hence the watch job to keep it at both those locations
2018-07-27T17:09:39 <sgithens> also then I woldn\'t accidentally blow it away if I rerun npm install or something
2018-07-27T17:09:52 <sgithens> it\'s not that big of a deal
2018-07-27T17:10:22 <sgithens> but since we\'re always talking smack about live editable systems, it\'s interesting to think how completely in the other direction this is
2018-07-27T17:11:45 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-27T17:11:50 <the-t-in-rtf> well, editing the data live is separate from storing it in a repo.
2018-07-27T17:12:06 <sgithens> I\'m about to go on a road trip, and the idea of coding in a van when I\'m not driving, but having to push something to npm and github because I can use it in antoher repo on my machine is kind of bonkers
2018-07-27T17:12:19 <sgithens> I\'m just thinking philosophically
2018-07-27T17:12:37 <the-t-in-rtf> maybe there is some kind of option to publish to your local cache that we just haven\'t explored yet.
2018-07-27T17:12:45 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, I totally get the use case.
2018-07-27T17:12:47 <sgithens> I feel like there must be
2018-07-27T17:13:06 <the-t-in-rtf> buy a 5g hotspot
2018-07-27T17:13:08 <the-t-in-rtf> ;)
2018-07-27T17:13:09 <sgithens> yeah, the npm wierdness it\'s not really our fault
2018-07-27T17:13:15 <sgithens> I mean I have one
2018-07-27T17:13:21 <sgithens> I work on my phone all the time
2018-07-27T17:13:36 <the-t-in-rtf> "can you, like, pull over for twenty minutes?  I need to finish this npm install while we have good signal"
2018-07-27T17:13:44 <sgithens> hahahahhaha
2018-07-27T17:14:16 <sgithens> and then 20 secnds done the road... I just fixed this post handler, can you pull over again
2018-07-27T17:14:21 <sgithens> sown
2018-07-27T17:14:23 <sgithens> down
2018-07-27T17:14:51 <the-t-in-rtf> you could also, you know, talk to the people you\'re with
2018-07-27T17:14:59 <the-t-in-rtf> put on an audio book and pause to discuss between chapters
2018-07-27T17:15:01 <the-t-in-rtf> listen to music
2018-07-27T17:15:03 <sgithens> yeah, I probably won\'t actually do much in the van
2018-07-27T17:15:08 <sgithens> but it\'s a legit concern
2018-07-27T17:15:57 <the-t-in-rtf> just limit yourself to making a todo list of things to try, it\'s not as fun as hacking, but it\'s more practical.
2018-07-27T17:16:28 <the-t-in-rtf> I mean, you have the idea wherever, write it down and act on it on the clock and in a good working environment.
2018-07-27T17:16:40 <the-t-in-rtf> just my 2 cents.
2018-07-27T17:16:53 <sgithens> ...or, I\'ll write a vim save hook to rync the files :p
2018-07-27T17:17:22 <sgithens> seriously though, I don\'t write code on moving object much anymore
2018-07-27T17:18:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-27T17:21:11 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-27T17:24:11 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-27T17:24:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2018-07-27T17:31:18 * kasparnet has quit
2018-07-27T17:32:53 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-27T17:36:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-27T17:38:48 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-07-27T18:13:21 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-27T18:49:15 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-27T19:17:58 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-27T19:49:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-27T19:53:21 <gmoss> alanharnum gtirloni it looks like the buildkite process completed successfully for FLUID-6305, not sure if either of you saw. Thanks gtirloni for taking care of it! :)
2018-07-27T20:02:21 * michelled has quit
2018-07-27T20:19:38 * clown has quit
2018-07-27T20:26:44 <gtirloni> gmoss: np!
2018-07-27T20:27:06 <gtirloni> i need someone with commit powers to merge this: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/918
2018-07-27T20:34:56 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-27T21:00:36 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-27T21:04:05 <alanharnum> is anyone else getting periodic "You must log in with services to message this user" when they try to private message?
2018-07-27T21:18:18 * cindyli has quit
2018-07-27T21:49:06 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-27T22:41:19 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-27T22:52:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-27T23:22:17 * stegru has quit
2018-07-27T23:32:36 * michelled joined the channel
'

b'2018-07-27T00:20:46 * danayo joined the channel
2018-07-27T00:24:40 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-27T00:48:29 * danayo has quit
2018-07-27T01:09:11 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-27T01:56:14 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-07-27T05:10:38 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-27T05:48:04 * jhernandez_ joined the channel
2018-07-27T05:50:00 * jhernandez has quit
2018-07-27T06:22:30 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-27T06:30:15 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-27T06:31:11 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-27T06:44:14 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-27T06:50:02 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-27T07:05:10 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-27T07:09:48 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-27T07:34:47 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-07-27T07:53:05 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-07-27T12:09:34 <Justin_o> jhernandez_: i\'m looking at on boarding the new features for UIO+ that are incoming. I\'m looking at the ISO24751-flat.json5 file
2018-07-27T12:09:54 <Justin_o> how are the prefixes on the right hand side determined. for example display, control, keyboard
2018-07-27T12:10:24 <Justin_o> also should these have been prefixed with display? https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/testData/ontologies/mappings/ISO24751-flat.json5#L54-L55
2018-07-27T13:00:09 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-07-27T13:07:30 * clown joined the channel
2018-07-27T13:15:04 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2018-07-27T13:42:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-27T13:43:34 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-27T13:59:28 * gtirloni has quit
2018-07-27T13:59:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-07-27T14:08:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-27T14:30:37 * cindyli1 is now known as cindyli
2018-07-27T14:32:41 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-07-27T14:33:01 <jhernandez_> Justin_o: hey
2018-07-27T14:33:08 <Justin_o> hello
2018-07-27T14:35:06 <jhernandez_> IIRC, the right hand side are determined according to the ISO24751 spec (if there). If you are introducing something that is not part of the ISO, IIRC we used the term provisional
2018-07-27T14:36:05 <jhernandez_> and we just guess where it should belong to according to the ISO
2018-07-27T14:36:56 <jhernandez_> you know, if it\'s a display enhancement, you use "display"
2018-07-27T14:36:59 <jhernandez_> and so on
2018-07-27T14:37:31 <Justin_o> jhernandez_: thanks.. that\'s ringing some bells now
2018-07-27T14:37:36 <jhernandez_> hope this clarified to you, more or less, what does the right hand side mean
2018-07-27T14:37:38 <jhernandez_> heh
2018-07-27T14:37:44 <jhernandez_> glad to help
2018-07-27T14:38:48 <Justin_o> jhernandez_: do we have a copy of the spec somewhere?
2018-07-27T14:38:50 <jhernandez_> in terms on more detailed information about how the MM use that data, I guess that Bosmon can provide you more info
2018-07-27T14:39:48 <jhernandez_> by the time of cloud4all I used to have it around, but can\'t find it on my hdd
2018-07-27T14:41:52 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-27T14:41:59 <Justin_o> jhernandez_: i think i might have tracked down a copy on my machine
2018-07-27T14:42:53 <jhernandez_> heh
2018-07-27T14:43:43 <jhernandez_> bingo?
2018-07-27T14:43:53 <Justin_o> yep found it, thanks
2018-07-27T14:44:01 <jhernandez_> yay
2018-07-27T14:44:03 <jhernandez_> cheers
2018-07-27T14:44:05 <jhernandez_> :)
2018-07-27T14:48:02 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-07-27T14:53:11 <clown> fulid-everyone:  (for those in the office) for standup, collab room is in use.  We will do standup from our desks, and we won\'t invite the collab room
2018-07-27T14:57:18 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-27T15:04:36 <clown> fluid-everyone:  (for those in the office) for standup, collab room is in use. \xc2\xa0We will do standup from our desks, and we won\'t invite the collab room
2018-07-27T15:04:51 * clown wonders who \'fulid-everyone\' is.
2018-07-27T15:05:38 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-07-27T15:13:23 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-27T15:14:26 <alanharnum> cindyli: I\'m getting "You must log in with services to message this user" errors trying to message you (not sure why) - do you want to talk quickly now before standup?
2018-07-27T15:14:50 <cindyli> sure, alanharnum
2018-07-27T15:15:05 <alanharnum> cindyli: Ok my room is open
2018-07-27T15:32:15 * colinclark has quit
2018-07-27T15:33:55 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-07-27T15:43:31 <cindyli> clown: the failure might be related to the prefsSafes are now read-only snapsets. if our tests try to modify preferences, the action will be rejected
2018-07-27T15:44:54 <clown> cindyli:  another data point:  I ran the tests using the latest master branch, and there were no failures.  So, are the prefsSafes not read-only in master?
2018-07-27T15:45:59 * clown looks for a failure in the log
2018-07-27T15:46:37 <cindyli> clown: they are not in the master because the change to convertPrefs.js is only in ur branch
2018-07-27T15:47:14 <clown> okay, I get it now cindyli
2018-07-27T15:47:27 <clown> fwiw, here is one of the failures:
2018-07-27T15:47:29 <clown> 13:13:13.655:  jq: FAIL: Module "gpii.config.cloudBased.development tests" Test name "A successful workflow that updates a GPII key with an existing prefs safe" - Message: The returned GPII key in the response is correct - at sequence position 8 of 12
2018-07-27T15:47:29 <clown> 13:13:13.655:  jq: Expected: settingsUser
2018-07-27T15:47:29 <clown> 13:13:13.655:  jq: Actual: undefined
2018-07-27T15:48:50 <cindyli> here\'s the keys and prefs safe data files that are loaded into the pouchdb at running tests: https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/testing/src/PouchTestCaseHolder.js#L47-L51
2018-07-27T15:48:59 <cindyli> i think to fix this, we could:
2018-07-27T15:49:35 <cindyli> 1. modify convertPrefs.js to accept one more argument "prefsSafeType", which could be "snapset" or "user"
2018-07-27T15:50:21 <cindyli> 2. convertPrefs.js needs to be run twice with different "prefsSafeType" to generate 2 sets of data -
2018-07-27T15:50:33 <clown> oh, that\'s ugly
2018-07-27T15:50:54 <cindyli> clown: do you have other ideas?
2018-07-27T15:51:03 <clown> nope
2018-07-27T15:51:53 <clown> is there a "3"?
2018-07-27T15:52:19 <cindyli> i\'m thinking of 2
2018-07-27T15:52:42 * clown looks at convertPrefs.js
2018-07-27T15:52:46 <cindyli> 2 sets generated from point 2 would be:
2018-07-27T15:53:14 <cindyli> (1) "snapset" data that are only for production data loading
2018-07-27T15:53:27 <cindyli> (2) "user" data for testing
2018-07-27T15:54:34 <cindyli> i\'m thinking (1) is only required by CI. would it still be proper that "npm install" still generates set (1)? shall set (1) be generated by gpii-dataloader instead of running "npm install" in the universal root directory?
2018-07-27T15:55:01 <cindyli> typo, (1) is only required by CD, not CI
2018-07-27T15:55:12 <cindyli> CI requires set (2), not set (1)
2018-07-27T15:55:50 <clown> gpii-dataloader currently does not run npm install; but  it does run convertPrefs
2018-07-27T15:56:28 <cindyli> great. gpii-dataloader can run convertPrefs with the argument "snapset"
2018-07-27T15:56:51 <cindyli> "npm install" runs convertPrefs with "user"
2018-07-27T15:57:28 <cindyli> this is where "npm install" runs convertPrefs - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/package.json#L80
2018-07-27T15:57:50 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-07-27T15:57:57 <clown> but what does that imply about allowing the developer to "pass in" the build and static data directories?  The point of that was to allow the developer to state which prefs they wanted to use, which are not necessaarily the ones that were just converted.
2018-07-27T15:58:43 <clown> I\'m talking about gpii-dataloader, specifically deleteAndLoadSnapsets.sh
2018-07-27T15:58:52 * alanharnum has quit
2018-07-27T16:01:41 <cindyli> clown: i agree it might be problematic if set (1) is not generated at "npm install": if GPII is started locally, the data gets loaded into the local database would be different from the production
2018-07-27T16:02:11 <cindyli> so we still need to generate two sets locally
2018-07-27T16:03:10 <clown> then there is a "3" at least in terms of file names, e.g., "prefsSafesUser.json" vs. "prefsSafesSnapsets.json"
2018-07-27T16:03:35 <clown> and that implies something about the scripts that load these files in.
2018-07-27T16:06:42 * michelled joined the channel
2018-07-27T16:08:57 <clown> cindyli, do you have time for a question about aws?
2018-07-27T16:10:35 <cindyli> sure, clown
2018-07-27T16:10:58 <cindyli> clown: using different names makes lots of sense. thanks
2018-07-27T16:11:12 <clown> I got to the point of running \'rake\' for the first time
2018-07-27T16:11:22 <cindyli> yay! congrats
2018-07-27T16:11:30 <cindyli> it took me 3 days to get there ;)
2018-07-27T16:11:57 <clown> and was given an URL to go look at my dev site
2018-07-27T16:12:29 <clown> and I got "Your connection is not secure"
2018-07-27T16:12:37 <clown> any ideas why that might be?
2018-07-27T16:13:10 <cindyli> expected, add an exception to this url
2018-07-27T16:13:31 <clown> okay.  I guess I missed that in the documentation.
2018-07-27T16:13:59 <cindyli> i don\'t think my doc has that step tho :)
2018-07-27T16:14:32 <cindyli> feel free to add to my doc
2018-07-27T16:15:34 <clown> it might be in the AWS readme, but not sure.
2018-07-27T16:17:14 <clown> Re:  prefsSafes (and gpii key) file names:  after thinking about it a bit more, I think it\'s better to have subdirectories with different names:  e.g. .../build/dbData/snapsets/prefsSafes.json  vs. build/dbData/user/prefsSafes.json.
2018-07-27T16:17:29 <clown> that\'s because most of the code now depends on passing in directories, not files.
2018-07-27T16:17:38 <cindyli> good idea
2018-07-27T16:18:09 <clown> so, it should continue to work with dirctories.  I think that means changing the pouchdb config you referenced earlier too.
2018-07-27T16:18:41 <clown> But, I\'m going to thiink about it a bit more to see if there is a way to make it less ugly.
2018-07-27T16:19:16 <clown> and, thanks for the tip re: aws
2018-07-27T16:19:55 <cindyli> clown: also need to change directory used here to point to snapset data - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/pouchManager/configs/gpii.pouchManager.config.base.json5#L21-L22
2018-07-27T16:20:12 <cindyli> this config filie is used at starting GPII
2018-07-27T16:20:16 * clown makes notes
2018-07-27T16:20:19 <cindyli> thanks
2018-07-27T16:24:24 <clown> another thought:  If we know we are going to generate two sets of Prefs Safes, then does convertPrefs need another argument?  Couldn\'t is simply generate both sets every time it runs?
2018-07-27T16:24:51 <cindyli> i think it\'s more flexible to add an argument
2018-07-27T16:25:11 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-07-27T16:25:17 <clown> okay.  Does npm install just run the "user" version?
2018-07-27T16:25:18 <cindyli> so we are not restricted that convertPrefs will always generate two sets
2018-07-27T16:26:26 <cindyli> at the moment, yes, npm install only get "user" version
2018-07-27T16:27:02 <clown> well, earlier you said, "we still need to generate two sets locally".  If that\'s a need, it isn\'t a restriction but a requirement.  If it isn\'t a need, but an option, then, yes, an argument is the better way to go.
2018-07-27T16:27:17 <cindyli> the requirement may change
2018-07-27T16:27:28 <cindyli> for example, CD doesn\'t need user version
2018-07-27T16:28:04 <clown> under what conditions do both sets have to be generated?
2018-07-27T16:28:36 <clown> or, why did you say, "we still need to generate two sets"
2018-07-27T16:28:38 <clown> ?
2018-07-27T16:29:00 <cindyli> clown: if you look closer into "npm install" - https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/package.json#L80
2018-07-27T16:29:09 <clown> maybe you meant, "we still need to have the ability to generate two sets", and I didn\'t undersand?
2018-07-27T16:29:40 <cindyli> convertPrefs runs twice to convert 2 set of data from different directories
2018-07-27T16:30:02 <cindyli> testData/preferences/ - the dir you are working on for gpii-dataloader
2018-07-27T16:30:36 <cindyli> the data here is also used at running automated tests so we don\'t duplicate the same set of file.
2018-07-27T16:31:04 <cindyli> but when being used in the tests, these prefs safes need to be marked as writable "user" keys
2018-07-27T16:31:52 <cindyli> the other usage with the data in this directory is, they are snapsets to be loaded into production couchdb, as well as pouchdb when GPII starts locally
2018-07-27T16:32:47 <cindyli> this directory is what i was referring to when saying "need to have the ability to generate two sets"
2018-07-27T16:33:12 <cindyli> snapset set and user set, when it\'s used for different purpose
2018-07-27T16:33:50 <cindyli> the other data directory that convertPrefs converts at "npm install" is tests/data/preferences/
2018-07-27T16:34:57 <cindyli> the data files in this directory is only used for running automated tests. they should always be loaded as "user" prefs safes and only be loaded at https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/testing/src/PouchTestCaseHolder.js#L47-L51\xc2\xa0
2018-07-27T16:35:27 <cindyli> that\'s it. let me know if it\'s easier to have a call
2018-07-27T16:37:23 <clown> sorry cindyli, a distraction from elsewhere \xe2\x80\x94 hang on.
'

