b'2018-01-05T00:39:33 <ussjoin> https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208394 -- MacOS 10.13.2 (High Sierra) can defend against Meltdown... but apparently they\'re not releasing a patch for Sierra (!!!!!).
2018-01-05T00:50:19 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-05T01:04:10 <mrtyler> wow, boo to that
2018-01-05T01:14:33 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-01-05T03:53:07 <ussjoin> mrtyler: Someone pointed out that https://support.apple.com/en-au/HT208331 says the kernel patches to defend *specifically do include* El Capitan and Sierra, too.
2018-01-05T03:53:17 <ussjoin> So just the page announcing it doesn\'t include it.
2018-01-05T07:57:57 * amatas joined the channel
2018-01-05T08:44:50 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-01-05T09:01:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-05T09:25:42 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-01-05T09:33:43 <javjarfer[m]> hi stegru_ good morning
2018-01-05T09:52:48 * stegru joined the channel
2018-01-05T10:25:26 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-01-05T10:36:58 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-01-05T10:37:16 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-01-05T10:38:32 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-05T11:05:43 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: hi!
2018-01-05T11:05:48 <javjarfer[m]> are you available?
2018-01-05T11:08:34 <stegru> hello javjarfer[m]
2018-01-05T11:08:41 <javjarfer[m]> hey there!
2018-01-05T11:12:42 <javjarfer[m]> I was just reviewing your PR and I had a few questions about it
2018-01-05T11:12:51 <stegru> ok
2018-01-05T11:27:37 <javjarfer[m]> this is https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/132/files#diff-f183c9185bcdd61677beebd16d9efba2R479
2018-01-05T11:28:16 <javjarfer[m]> I have only noticed three things but that one is probably the only one that could not be a typo
2018-01-05T11:30:32 <stegru> yes, i wanted to check if fnStatus is ref.NULL.. but i couldn\'t require the \'ref\' library (I don\'t know why, i didn\'t try harder)
2018-01-05T11:38:04 <javjarfer[m]> okay, I will try that, but 0 should be okay also
2018-01-05T11:38:43 <javjarfer[m]> but I was also wondering about this one https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/132/files#diff-f183c9185bcdd61677beebd16d9efba2R469
2018-01-05T11:39:18 <javjarfer[m]> modifying the global module teardown from specific tests sound kind of tricky
2018-01-05T12:08:00 <stegru> sorry javjarfer[m] - my coffee machine decided to explode
2018-01-05T12:09:51 <stegru> jqUnit accepts 1 teardown function, and i think it can only be set at the start of the tests
2018-01-05T12:10:00 <stegru> https://github.com/GPII/windows/pull/132/files#diff-f183c9185bcdd61677beebd16d9efba2R46
2018-01-05T12:11:18 <stegru> i know, it\'s not pretty - but it does the job
2018-01-05T12:42:38 <javjarfer[m]> sorry here too stegru , I had just received the replacements parts because my main workstation decided to explode also last week
2018-01-05T12:42:42 <javjarfer[m]> xD
2018-01-05T12:43:03 <javjarfer[m]> > i know, it\'s not pretty - but it does the job
2018-01-05T12:43:04 <javjarfer[m]> yes, I was looking into your suggestion in the PR
2018-01-05T12:45:58 <javjarfer[m]> I have updated my comment there
2018-01-05T12:46:00 <stegru> another thing, I need to change processHandling to use processesBridge
2018-01-05T12:46:45 <javjarfer[m]> yes, true, that is another thing
2018-01-05T12:53:48 <stegru> by the way javjarfer[m], teardown is called when each test has ended
2018-01-05T13:06:00 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: yes, I know... wouldn\'t be simple if we split tests into to test fixtures?
2018-01-05T13:06:11 <javjarfer[m]> the ones that needs mocking, and the one that doesn\'t need it?
2018-01-05T13:06:38 <javjarfer[m]> I think it\'s the main difference that we have there no?
2018-01-05T13:13:28 * jhernandez has quit
2018-01-05T13:23:00 <stegru> not sure what you mean, javjarfer[m]
2018-01-05T13:29:07 <javjarfer[m]> I see that just certain tests from "gpii.tests.windows.processHandling" needs the special teardown because the mocks certain functions
2018-01-05T13:29:40 <javjarfer[m]> why not split the two set of tests, the one that needs the special teardown because the \'mock componentes\' and the ones that doesn\'t
2018-01-05T13:29:59 <javjarfer[m]> in that case teardown will remain the same for all the two sets of tests
2018-01-05T13:36:55 <stegru> ok..
2018-01-05T13:38:11 <stegru> there\'s only 1 test that adds to the teardowns array, but there can only be 1 global teardown function
2018-01-05T13:39:49 <stegru> the global function is always the same.. it just pops + calls the functions from the array
2018-01-05T13:40:04 <stegru> the array will be different for each test
2018-01-05T13:40:53 <stegru> for every test, apart from the one I .push in, the array is empty when the global teardown function is called
2018-01-05T13:41:19 <stegru> oh, 2 tests
2018-01-05T13:50:12 * ussjoin joined the channel
2018-01-05T13:57:42 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-05T14:03:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-05T14:10:35 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-05T14:14:01 <javjarfer[m]> stegru: so, what you think about that
2018-01-05T14:14:03 <javjarfer[m]> ?
2018-01-05T14:15:31 <stegru> i\'m keeping it as it is, otherwise there would have to be 2 jqUnit.module calls
2018-01-05T14:16:10 <stegru> keeps it the same as the tests in other places, where I\'ve done similar things
2018-01-05T14:22:56 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-05T14:40:26 <javjarfer[m]> stegru:  okay I understand, then we can leave it like that, just for consistency with the rest of the tests, maybe we should follow the convention that you have establish now, of registering it inside the namespace with the sufix \'teardown\'
2018-01-05T14:40:59 <javjarfer[m]> that would at least establish a visual mark to follow
2018-01-05T14:41:04 <stegru> yeh
2018-01-05T14:53:43 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-01-05T15:44:32 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-01-05T15:47:25 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-01-05T16:25:21 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-05T16:51:04 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-05T16:54:23 <gmoss> michelled: I\'m going to pop off to brave the cold and get coffee and a bite to eat, but I\'ll be ready to pair after that :)
2018-01-05T16:54:57 * stegru has quit
2018-01-05T16:57:42 <michelled> ping me when you\'re back gmoss
2018-01-05T17:36:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-05T17:51:10 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-05T18:20:07 <grrrero> Anyone with a minute to spare? Trying to update the SJRK website and docpad gives me this error "notice: 404 Not Found: /lib/infusion/infusion-uiOptions.js.map" -- but it\'s there in the folder
2018-01-05T18:23:46 * danayo has quit
2018-01-05T18:28:52 <gtirloni> grrrero: trying to build it from scratch and it works for me
2018-01-05T18:29:03 <gtirloni> docpad 6.79.4
2018-01-05T18:29:14 <grrrero> gtirloni: Should I rebuild docpad?
2018-01-05T18:29:26 <gtirloni> i installed it as `npm i docpad`
2018-01-05T18:29:30 <grrrero> Ok
2018-01-05T18:29:57 <grrrero> I still get the same error...
2018-01-05T18:30:04 <gtirloni> then `$(npm bin)/docpad run`
2018-01-05T18:30:21 <gtirloni> maybe nuke node_modules and run `npm i` again
2018-01-05T18:45:02 <grrrero> fluid-everyone: Anyone have the Git powers to update the SJRK development branch from master?
2018-01-05T18:48:17 <grrrero> Nevermind, got it to work :)
2018-01-05T18:48:21 <grrrero> Thanks gtirloni
2018-01-05T18:48:27 <gtirloni> :)
2018-01-05T18:49:32 * stegru joined the channel
2018-01-05T19:05:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-05T19:43:51 * rchain joined the channel
2018-01-05T19:44:05 * rchain has quit
2018-01-05T20:18:27 <grrrero> Anybody feel like looking at a Pull Request for SJRK? :3
2018-01-05T20:19:23 <gmoss> grrrero: i can look at it, but i can\'t do anything with it after that :)
2018-01-05T20:19:29 <grrrero> That\'s cool!!!
2018-01-05T20:19:54 <grrrero> https://github.com/fluid-project/sojustrepairit.org/pull/23
2018-01-05T20:20:17 <grrrero> I\'d mostly jump to here: https://github.com/fluid-project/sojustrepairit.org/pull/23/files#diff-33b2447879e3ff4d5a30ce8384832edd
2018-01-05T20:20:21 <grrrero> Thanks gmoss!!!
2018-01-05T20:21:18 <grrrero> I may have forgotten to remove orphaned <ul> tags
2018-01-05T20:24:03 <gmoss> checking :)
2018-01-05T20:27:27 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-05T20:28:04 <grrrero> danayo: I\'ve got a PR ready for the SJRK website! Just saw you got on :)
2018-01-05T20:28:40 <gmoss> grrrero: is it just the resources file you need checked, or everything?
2018-01-05T20:28:55 <gmoss> nm i see your note before the link, now
2018-01-05T20:29:10 <grrrero> I changed the resources file the most -- but I also made changes to the grid spacing for the rest of the site to make them all uniform
2018-01-05T20:48:33 <michelled> grrrero: did you mean to make the pull request against the development branch?
2018-01-05T20:48:46 <grrrero> michelled: Yes :(
2018-01-05T20:48:48 <grrrero> Sorry
2018-01-05T20:50:37 <grrrero> Should I re-do this
2018-01-05T20:51:33 <grrrero> I can close it
2018-01-05T20:51:39 <grrrero> And make a PR against dev branch
2018-01-05T20:51:47 <grrrero> Is that okay?
2018-01-05T20:52:32 <michelled> yeah, that should be fine
2018-01-05T20:53:36 <michelled> grrrero: you probably can change the base branch directly - I think only the person who opened it can
2018-01-05T20:54:00 <grrrero> Worked
2018-01-05T20:54:03 <grrrero> Thanks michelled
2018-01-05T20:54:06 <michelled> np
2018-01-05T20:54:32 <michelled> ah, that looks much better :)
2018-01-05T20:59:37 <gmoss> grrrero: just a couple small small changes https://github.com/grrrero/sojustrepairit.org/pull/2
2018-01-05T21:07:04 <grrrero> Thanks gmoss, michelled
2018-01-05T21:07:16 <gmoss> no problem, grrrero!
2018-01-05T21:25:49 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-05T21:35:31 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-05T21:46:24 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-05T21:55:38 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-05T22:29:53 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-05T22:39:46 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-05T23:13:48 * stegru has quit
'

