b'2018-04-24T17:38:43 <cindyli> sure, mrtyler
2018-04-24T17:38:49 <mrtyler> are there strategies other than username/password added to a couchdb url?
2018-04-24T17:38:58 <mrtyler> client certificates perhaps?
2018-04-24T17:39:05 <mrtyler> have you looked at this area at all?
2018-04-24T17:39:28 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-04-24T17:40:10 <mrtyler> the broader context is, i think, mostly pretty boring but one problem is like this: preferences server is configured to use a COUCHDB_URL like http://USERNAME:PASSWORD@couchdb.gpii.svc.cluster.local:5948/preferences/%userToken
2018-04-24T17:40:11 <cindyli> not really, i\'m only awared of username/pwd way
2018-04-24T17:40:36 <mrtyler> however when preferences server fails to connect (say because couchdb isn\'t ready yet), it emits a log message "couldn\'t connect to couchdb url <url>"
2018-04-24T17:40:46 <mrtyler> that url contains the credentials, which are then leaked into the logs
2018-04-24T17:40:54 <cindyli> i see
2018-04-24T17:41:35 <mrtyler> i think username/password is probably fine, and that the logging code needs to not write the full url to the log, but colin thought it might be worth pinging you on this topic
2018-04-24T17:41:59 <mrtyler> (note that if the credentials aren\'t in the url because they are client certificates or whatever, we avoid the log-leaking-credentials problem)
2018-04-24T17:42:04 <cindyli> mrtyler: here\'s a discussion about cookie authentication - https://github.com/benweet/stackedit/pull/852
2018-04-24T17:43:39 <mrtyler> idk what stackedit is but the author appears to have closed that PR without comment or merge, so that seems pretty lame
2018-04-24T17:44:56 <mrtyler> anyway cindyli if you don\'t have any specific expertise in this area that\'s fine, i\'ll muddle along :)
2018-04-24T17:45:09 <mrtyler> lmk if you think of anything interesting to discuss :)
2018-04-24T17:45:12 <cindyli> another way mentioned in this discussion is to have requests embed username/pwd in the "authorization" header
2018-04-24T17:45:14 <cindyli> https://github.com/benweet/stackedit/pull/852#issuecomment-227441973
2018-04-24T17:45:40 <cindyli> so these credentials are not exposed in urls
2018-04-24T17:46:00 <cindyli> but i never tried this way tho, but it might work
2018-04-24T17:46:37 <mrtyler> seems like we\'d have to add that support to all couchdb clients
2018-04-24T17:46:44 <mrtyler> universal, dataloader
2018-04-24T17:46:55 <mrtyler> i guess that\'s it today
2018-04-24T17:47:08 <mrtyler> is PTT going to come from the gpii/universal docker image?
2018-04-24T17:47:32 <mrtyler> i assume there\'s one "talk to couchdb" workflow for everything in universal
2018-04-24T17:47:48 <cindyli> PPT won\'t talk to couchdb directly
2018-04-24T17:48:05 <cindyli> it will call preferences server APIs and prefs server then talk to couchdb
2018-04-24T17:48:21 <mrtyler> ah
2018-04-24T17:48:28 <cindyli> btw, you might like to know that the prefs server will be brought back in 2630 pull request
2018-04-24T17:48:38 <mrtyler> heh, why?
2018-04-24T17:48:52 <cindyli> so it can provide some private APIs for privileged apps such as PPT
2018-04-24T17:49:16 <cindyli> that\'s what we will talk about in the meeting that I sent out a doodle for
2018-04-24T17:49:17 <mrtyler> also, heh, you might like to know that gpii-infra is about to get a large restructure, so gl with your eventual merge :p
2018-04-24T17:49:32 <mrtyler> ah cool
2018-04-24T17:50:06 <cindyli> what "gl" stands for?
2018-04-24T17:50:48 <cindyli> Bosmon, colinclark, can you fill up the doodle for our next meeting when you have a chance - https://doodle.com/poll/2yqckv8hbne7yfai. thanks
2018-04-24T17:51:11 <mrtyler> gl = good luck
2018-04-24T17:51:30 <cindyli> doesn\'t sound like a good wish ;)
2018-04-24T17:51:37 <mrtyler> haha
2018-04-24T17:51:54 <mrtyler> was just gonna say, "good luck" is an american expression that means "...eh, better you than me" ;)
2018-04-24T17:52:03 <cindyli> lol
2018-04-24T18:18:35 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-04-24T18:33:16 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-04-24T18:39:14 * Sunny0794 joined the channel
2018-04-24T18:43:07 * michelled joined the channel
2018-04-24T18:43:15 * michelled has quit
2018-04-24T18:45:22 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-04-24T18:48:49 * Sunny0794 has quit
2018-04-24T19:06:42 * alanharnum has quit
2018-04-24T19:06:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-04-24T19:06:54 * alanharnum has quit
2018-04-24T19:24:17 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-24T19:26:17 * stegru joined the channel
2018-04-24T19:33:04 * michelled joined the channel
2018-04-24T19:33:20 * michelled has left the channel
2018-04-24T19:44:10 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-04-24T19:48:18 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-04-24T20:02:56 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-04-24T20:18:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-24T20:23:32 * cindyli has quit
2018-04-24T20:30:21 * stegru has quit
2018-04-24T20:30:39 * danayo has quit
2018-04-24T20:33:20 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-24T20:55:19 * stegru joined the channel
2018-04-24T20:55:56 * clown has quit
2018-04-24T21:01:31 <gmoss> Anyone who would care to chime in: in an IoC testing sequence, given a call to a model\'s change applier, would it be safe simply to call jqUnit as a "funcName" entry in the sequence, or have I created a race condition and it just happens to work for me? should I be waiting for applier.modelChanged?
2018-04-24T21:01:34 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-04-24T21:01:35 <gmoss> e.g. https://gist.github.com/BlueSlug/8fd9a5bc3d33f63a3f4247ade861f058
2018-04-24T21:02:08 * michelled joined the channel
2018-04-24T21:21:23 * avtar has quit
2018-04-24T21:29:21 * gtirloni has quit
2018-04-24T21:36:37 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-24T21:36:45 * michelled has quit
2018-04-24T22:02:13 * simonjb has quit
2018-04-24T23:11:11 * stegru has quit
2018-04-24T23:58:34 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-04-24T23:58:46 * dandimitrov joined the channel
'

b'2018-04-24T00:08:01 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-24T00:08:04 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-04-24T00:28:52 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-24T00:54:42 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-24T03:10:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-04-24T03:14:09 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-24T05:41:46 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-04-24T06:06:26 * kunal joined the channel
2018-04-24T06:07:05 * kunal has quit
2018-04-24T07:33:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-04-24T08:14:03 * jhernandez_ joined the channel
2018-04-24T08:30:09 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-04-24T08:32:32 * stegru joined the channel
2018-04-24T09:16:46 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-24T09:17:03 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-04-24T09:17:08 * jhernandez is now known as jhernandez_
2018-04-24T09:21:46 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-24T09:22:03 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-04-24T09:22:08 * jhernandez is now known as jhernandez_
2018-04-24T09:22:25 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-04-24T09:24:25 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-04-24T09:27:49 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-04-24T09:51:46 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-24T09:52:03 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-04-24T09:52:08 * jhernandez is now known as jhernandez_
2018-04-24T09:56:46 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-24T09:57:03 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-04-24T09:57:08 * jhernandez is now known as jhernandez_
2018-04-24T10:11:46 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-24T10:12:02 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-04-24T10:12:07 * jhernandez is now known as jhernandez_
2018-04-24T10:16:46 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-04-24T10:17:02 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-04-24T10:17:08 * jhernandez is now known as jhernandez_
2018-04-24T10:41:04 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-04-24T11:04:24 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-04-24T11:05:57 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-04-24T11:17:48 * sgithens has quit
2018-04-24T11:18:01 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-04-24T11:37:19 * mrtyler has quit
2018-04-24T11:42:38 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-04-24T11:59:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-04-24T12:21:08 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-04-24T12:21:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-04-24T12:33:03 <yuriy> @Bosmon: Hi, Antranig! There is one technical question that we didn\xc2\xb4t have time to discuss yesterday for the PSP 3 and I was wondering if you had any ideas. One of the tasks is to add a tooltip to the tray icon that indicates that the server cannot be reached (the actual label would be GPII: Cannot reach Internet). What would you say would be an adequate check with the current GPII setup, i.e. before using Cloud login: to test whether we can reach a
2018-04-24T12:33:03 <yuriy> specific site or something more specific?
2018-04-24T12:35:01 <Bosmon> yuriy - let\'s push that out as a question for next week\'s meeting
2018-04-24T12:35:39 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-04-24T12:39:44 <yuriy> OK, I will
2018-04-24T12:46:09 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-04-24T12:51:05 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-04-24T12:57:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-04-24T13:03:40 * avtar joined the channel
2018-04-24T13:12:46 * georgi_todorov joined the channel
2018-04-24T13:15:57 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-04-24T13:18:04 * georgi_todorov has quit
2018-04-24T13:20:34 * jessm joined the channel
2018-04-24T13:25:42 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-24T13:34:14 <dandimitrov> Bosmon, Thanks for the details for the contexts, it greatly helped for logging the issue to Electron
2018-04-24T13:40:03 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-04-24T13:47:58 <Bosmon> yuriy - actually, I have a better idea :)
2018-04-24T13:48:00 <Bosmon> https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/docs/tutorial/online-offline-events.md
2018-04-24T13:49:20 <Bosmon> This will do for a 1st order approximation
2018-04-24T13:49:37 <Bosmon> If we get some UX feedback, we can try to improve the detection someday
2018-04-24T13:49:48 * clown joined the channel
2018-04-24T13:57:16 <yuriy> Thank you, Bosmon! We will look into it.
2018-04-24T14:00:31 <sepidehshahi> fluid-everyone,  Aaron Engelberg will be sharing about a citizen science project for neurodevelopmental research at today\xe2\x80\x99s design crit
2018-04-24T14:02:41 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-04-24T14:03:10 * clown joined the channel
2018-04-24T14:03:44 * clown has quit
2018-04-24T14:04:03 * clown joined the channel
2018-04-24T14:07:12 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-24T14:07:39 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-04-24T14:09:49 * danayo joined the channel
2018-04-24T14:19:57 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-24T14:32:10 * michelled joined the channel
2018-04-24T14:34:36 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-04-24T14:36:14 * grrrero has quit
2018-04-24T14:36:27 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-04-24T14:46:45 <sgithens> cindyli: I got all the vagrant/docker images working off your 2630 branch thanks!  Question, when you\'re actually working on stuff, how do you typically start and stop the images, since ./scripts/vagrantCloudBasedContainers.sh rebuilds the docker images each time?
2018-04-24T14:48:32 <sgithens> I\'m still digging through the files, but I can\'t tell yet if the docker build copy the files or just links the directories in place so you can still edit the original universal checkout outside of the docker/vagrant vm
2018-04-24T14:48:38 <cindyli> congrats, sgithens. to skip the rebuild, you can only run this line from a terminal - https://github.com/cindyli/universal/blob/GPII-2630/scripts/vagrantCloudBasedContainers.sh#L65
2018-04-24T14:48:50 <cindyli> of course, replace variables with actual values
2018-04-24T14:49:14 <sgithens> right, ok, so you do just pull out that one line
2018-04-24T14:49:30 <cindyli> yes, you do can edit the universal source code outside of the VM
2018-04-24T14:49:57 <cindyli> your local "universal" dir is mapped to the "sync" folder inside VM
2018-04-24T14:50:06 <cindyli> well, sync/universal inside VM
2018-04-24T14:50:07 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-04-24T14:51:03 <sgithens> cindyli: Cool.  Also, do you expose the ports from the VM to host operating system?
2018-04-24T14:51:12 <cindyli> no, i don\'t think so
2018-04-24T14:52:43 <sgithens> cool, If anyone else does that successfully let us know :)  I\'m sure there must be a config to do it
2018-04-24T14:53:55 <cindyli> i think so too, mrtyler: do you have suggestions on mapping ports inside the universal VM to the hosting OS?
2018-04-24T14:54:49 <sgithens> cindyli: I think I got it to work
2018-04-24T14:55:15 <cindyli> the mapping? steps?
2018-04-24T14:55:26 * clown has quit
2018-04-24T14:56:00 <sgithens> it\'s under VirtualBox -> Machine -> Settings -> Network -> Advanced -> Port Forwarding
2018-04-24T14:56:19 <cindyli> cool!!
2018-04-24T14:56:53 <sgithens> Port forwarding for GPII Cloud Based https://usercontent.irccloud-cdn.com/file/8updmOIl/screenshot.png
2018-04-24T14:57:28 * clown joined the channel
2018-04-24T14:57:52 <cindyli> nice. 5984 is the common port for couchdb tho. if you have the couchdb starting on ur host machine, there might be a conflict
2018-04-24T14:58:40 <sgithens> cindyli: cool, will change it up then
2018-04-24T14:58:56 <sgithens> but i do see all your GPII keys and safes which is great
2018-04-24T14:59:05 <cindyli> YAY!
2018-04-24T14:59:22 <sgithens> which I will now fetch to finish my prototype spiking of Berns stuff this week :)
2018-04-24T15:00:54 <sgithens> cindyli: It seems like at some point we might want to factor out that vagrant cloud script to make it more dev friendly.  So you can optionally start and restart stuff
2018-04-24T15:01:20 <cindyli> good point
2018-04-24T15:01:51 <cindyli> i probably can address it in 2630 branch
2018-04-24T15:02:06 <sgithens> is the script new to that branch?
2018-04-24T15:02:29 <cindyli> no, it\'s been there for quite a while, i just modified it to work with the new arch
2018-04-24T15:03:42 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-04-24T15:05:33 <mrtyler> cindyli: looks like y\'all figured it out, but i would set up the port mappings in the vagrantfile (or .vagrant-ci.yml) to make them permanent
2018-04-24T15:05:37 <mrtyler> cc sgithens
2018-04-24T15:05:55 <mrtyler> if it\'s for one-off experimentation, then i\'d do it by hand as steve did
2018-04-24T15:06:41 <cindyli> an auto mapping sounds like a good idea
2018-04-24T15:07:20 <sgithens> it\'s pretty handy.  Also, it is nice to have the fedora gui if we need it, but then maybe you could also start it in headless as an option
2018-04-24T15:24:39 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-04-24T15:24:49 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-04-24T15:24:54 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-04-24T15:28:19 * yuriy has quit
2018-04-24T15:29:52 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-24T15:38:52 <Justin_o> grrrero: i tried the link on the planning page to the wireframes and it looks like it wokr
2018-04-24T15:38:54 <Justin_o> worked
2018-04-24T15:39:14 <grrrero> Justin_o: awesome thanks!!
2018-04-24T15:40:51 * clown has quit
2018-04-24T15:41:34 * clown joined the channel
2018-04-24T15:43:32 * kunal joined the channel
2018-04-24T15:43:32 * simonjb has quit
2018-04-24T15:59:45 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-04-24T16:03:13 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-04-24T16:08:56 * kunal has quit
2018-04-24T16:10:26 * michelled has quit
2018-04-24T16:11:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-04-24T16:15:21 * colinclark has quit
2018-04-24T16:18:58 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-04-24T16:21:28 <sgithens> cindyli: You\'re not doing anything with GPII-2966 this week right?  I\'m adding some CouchDB views to your stuff to list all keys for a safe and stuff, and will share them as soon as I\'m done stubbing in these screens
2018-04-24T16:21:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-24T16:22:14 <cindyli> sure, sgithens. i\'m not doing work with GPII-2966
2018-04-24T16:37:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-04-24T16:40:00 * michelled joined the channel
2018-04-24T16:40:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-04-24T16:49:27 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-04-24T16:57:54 <sepidehshahi> Hi avtar, sorry I missed your message
2018-04-24T16:57:57 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-04-24T16:59:36 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-04-24T17:19:22 <cindyli> gtirloni: i noticed you created the AChecker project at issues.fluidproject.org. do you think VictorA_NG, the GSoC student working on upgrading AChecker, should create new JIRAs here?
2018-04-24T17:20:19 * stegru has quit
2018-04-24T17:20:39 <gtirloni> cindyli: I haven\'t been able to work on the Mantis migration this past week so I\'m not totally sure if new JIRAs will conflict with old Mantis tickets but I\'m guessing they won\'t (based on what I read). I think it\'s okay to create JIRAs there
2018-04-24T17:20:57 <cindyli> cool. thanks, gtirloni
2018-04-24T17:34:07 * michelled has quit
2018-04-24T17:38:21 <mrtyler> cindyli: hi, i\'m supposed to talk to you a little about couchdb authentication strategies
'

