b'2018-01-10T20:09:44 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-01-10T20:15:46 * cindyli has quit
2018-01-10T20:19:40 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-10T20:26:29 * kavya has quit
2018-01-10T20:50:56 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T20:56:35 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-10T21:03:29 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:10:30 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:10:31 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:11:38 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:16:07 * jessm has quit
2018-01-10T21:25:24 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:40:08 * jhung has quit
2018-01-10T21:41:55 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-10T21:42:50 * michelled has quit
2018-01-10T21:46:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:47:37 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-10T21:58:28 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T22:04:02 * clown has quit
2018-01-10T22:06:31 * danayo_ has quit
2018-01-10T22:08:32 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-10T22:09:50 <alanharnum> per earlier conversation i\'ve added grrrero as a tweeter on the FluidProject account & we\'ve made a little plan to regularly get tweets out of it as part of existing planning meeting processes
2018-01-10T22:10:28 <alanharnum> if anyone else would like to be an authorized tweeter from it let me know, it\'s easy to add people via Tweetdeck without having to manage shared password stuff (thank goodness)
2018-01-10T22:17:14 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T22:19:50 <simonjb> colinclark, alanharnum: ethereum FAQ on proposed \'proof of stake\' system as alternative the current \'proof of work\' system https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Proof-of-Stake-FAQ
2018-01-10T22:20:07 <simonjb> at reduced energy usage
2018-01-10T22:20:38 * amatas has quit
2018-01-10T22:20:42 <simonjb> an alternative to reaching consensus through computationally intensive work
2018-01-10T22:20:50 <colinclark> So I believe Casper is somehow related to the RChain work
2018-01-10T22:21:24 <colinclark> If I\'m not mistaken, Casper is related to work their team did on Ethereum prior to decided to leave it and build their own platform
2018-01-10T22:21:35 <simonjb> ah, interesting
2018-01-10T22:24:25 <grrrero> alanharnum colinclark Made a Google spreadsheet for our Twitter content hopper; made three tabs for Planning, Design Crit, Community Meetings https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15cEo2vl0X6gba27xWIm5PR-ObLcPlvskLH06JM6BWHE/edit?usp=sharing
2018-01-10T22:24:57 <alanharnum> brilliant, thanks grrrero
2018-01-10T22:25:02 <grrrero> np!
2018-01-10T22:26:50 <grrrero> Actually anyone who wants to edit the spreadsheet -- can you send me your gmail address so I can add you? Realised this conversation gets published so anyone with the link can edit :P
2018-01-10T22:27:01 <grrrero> alanharnum colinclark ^
2018-01-10T22:28:58 <simonjb> http://rchain-architecture.readthedocs.io/en/latest/execution_model/consensus_protocol.html
2018-01-10T22:36:11 <colinclark> grrrero: Would it be easier if we made a wiki page instead of a google doc?
2018-01-10T22:36:23 <grrrero> Yep I was gonna do both actually!
2018-01-10T22:36:26 <colinclark> simonjb: Thanks\xe2\x80\x94I knew the term sounded familiar
2018-01-10T22:36:50 <colinclark> similar to but not the same it sounds like
2018-01-10T22:36:56 <grrrero> Actually colinclark, michelled suggested using the "Communication" section in the FLOE Iteration Plan
2018-01-10T22:37:06 <colinclark> oh that sounds sensible
2018-01-10T22:37:07 <grrrero> And that would be a good place to help remind us to update it every so often
2018-01-10T22:37:17 <grrrero> So the google spreadsheet is really more for the actual content
2018-01-10T22:37:30 <grrrero> I\'ll still put it in my calendar, I guess ;)
2018-01-10T22:37:39 <colinclark> simonjb: CHECK OUT THESE SEMANTICS
2018-01-10T22:37:40 <colinclark> [| U1 \xe2\x80\xa2 U2 |] = { \xf0\x9d\x9c\x8f \xe2\x88\x88 L( \xf0\x9d\x9c\x8f )  | \xf0\x9d\x9c\x8f \xe2\x89\xa3 \xf0\x9d\x9c\x8f1\xf0\x9d\x9c\x8f2, \xf0\x9d\x9c\x8f1 \xe2\x88\x88 [| U1 |], \xf0\x9d\x9c\x8f2 \xe2\x88\x88 [| U2 |] }
2018-01-10T22:37:44 <michelled> grrrero: can you make the google doc viewable by anyone with the link?
2018-01-10T22:37:53 <grrrero> michelled: Yep for sure
2018-01-10T22:38:22 <grrrero> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/15cEo2vl0X6gba27xWIm5PR-ObLcPlvskLH06JM6BWHE/edit?usp=sharing
2018-01-10T22:38:40 <colinclark> I always thought semantics had something to do with meaning :)
2018-01-10T22:38:41 <michelled> thx
2018-01-10T22:38:46 <grrrero> np!
2018-01-10T22:39:47 <simonjb> colinclark: I have no idea what this means at this point :) This is from the "Logic for Betting on Propositions" paper?
2018-01-10T22:39:52 <colinclark> yeah
2018-01-10T22:40:08 <colinclark> I was just momentarily dazzled by the sweet math
2018-01-10T22:40:13 <simonjb> :)
2018-01-10T22:40:36 <grrrero> colinclark: That\'d make a good beer name: "Dazzling sweet math"
2018-01-10T22:40:39 <grrrero> Hahaha
2018-01-10T22:40:47 <colinclark> ha!
2018-01-10T22:40:50 <colinclark> it would!
2018-01-10T22:41:03 <grrrero> Be careful of people thinking you mean "meth" tho
2018-01-10T22:41:08 <colinclark> hahaha
2018-01-10T22:41:21 <colinclark> no one would want to drink my beer
2018-01-10T22:41:51 <grrrero> I liked gmoss\'s "Infusion Pale Ale" idea
2018-01-10T22:42:09 <colinclark> pretty good, yes
2018-01-10T22:42:13 <grrrero> Or was it "Inclusive"?? Either way I like em
2018-01-10T22:42:27 <grrrero> "It\'s beer for everybody"
2018-01-10T22:42:32 <colinclark> I\'m so bad at coming up with new gradeNames for stuff
2018-01-10T22:42:46 <gmoss> grrrero: Inclusive is what I proposed, but I like Infusion even better!
2018-01-10T22:43:00 <grrrero> Infusion gives it a sense of a fusion of different flavours
2018-01-10T22:43:00 <gmoss> since there\'s actual infusion happening :)
2018-01-10T22:43:04 <grrrero> Yes!
2018-01-10T22:43:10 <gmoss> of the hops in the wort
2018-01-10T22:43:25 <gmoss> colinclark: we could just name the beer after our cats
2018-01-10T22:43:39 <colinclark> HUGONAUT PALE ALE
2018-01-10T22:43:42 <gmoss> in the established fluid style
2018-01-10T22:43:51 <grrrero> gmoss: "Actual beer root beer"
2018-01-10T22:43:54 <gmoss> haha
2018-01-10T22:44:02 <grrrero> I love Hugonaut!
2018-01-10T22:44:03 <colinclark> when I make a saison, we can call it "farm.cat"
2018-01-10T22:44:08 <gmoss> grrrero: yea my next thought was Rootbeer would make things confusing
2018-01-10T22:44:19 <gmoss> colinclark: genius
2018-01-10T22:44:28 <grrrero> gmoss: "Shy guy" is a good name on its own :)
2018-01-10T22:44:36 <grrrero> Very mysterious
2018-01-10T22:44:49 <colinclark> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/5dd8f82d9237174336c23e9c88c09fdebeab3003/tests/framework-tests/core/js/ModelTransformationTests.js#L3661
2018-01-10T22:44:49 <grrrero> I like farm.cat too hahahha
2018-01-10T22:45:32 <grrrero> W/ the context even better
2018-01-10T22:46:03 <colinclark> other cats have been commemorated in various places: https://docs.fluidproject.org/infusion/development/ChangeApplierAPI.html
2018-01-10T22:46:07 <gmoss> michelled: do you have thoughts on our proposed beer names?
2018-01-10T22:46:07 <colinclark> two thirds of the way down
2018-01-10T22:47:56 <grrrero> THE CATTT!
2018-01-10T22:48:49 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T22:49:15 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T22:51:36 * michelled has quit
2018-01-10T22:53:07 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T22:53:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T23:01:26 <simonjb> https://medium.com/rchain-cooperative/a-visualization-for-the-future-of-blockchain-consensus-b6710b2f50d6
2018-01-10T23:02:51 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T23:09:39 * simonjb has quit
2018-01-10T23:17:57 * danayo_ has quit
2018-01-10T23:18:14 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-01-10T23:21:37 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T23:35:43 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-10T23:58:30 * avtar has quit
'

b'2018-01-10T00:01:41 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-10T00:02:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T00:02:51 * colinclark has quit
2018-01-10T00:13:23 * Justin_o has quit
2018-01-10T00:23:46 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-10T00:59:47 * grrrero has quit
2018-01-10T01:00:40 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-10T01:24:03 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-01-10T01:49:30 * michelled has quit
2018-01-10T01:57:38 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-01-10T03:32:12 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T04:06:14 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T05:15:14 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T08:05:36 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-01-10T08:13:21 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-01-10T08:20:10 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-01-10T08:24:35 * mrtyler has quit
2018-01-10T08:37:09 * amatas joined the channel
2018-01-10T08:50:39 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-10T09:06:11 * stegru joined the channel
2018-01-10T09:46:32 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-01-10T09:59:12 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T09:59:26 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-01-10T10:32:53 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-01-10T11:22:18 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T12:07:34 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-10T12:37:17 <kasparnet_> dandimitrov__, georgitodorov hey there
2018-01-10T12:37:30 <kasparnet_> sorry for not having reviewed the pull request yet
2018-01-10T12:37:35 <kasparnet_> doing it now
2018-01-10T12:37:59 <kasparnet_> but would you happen to have some sort of spec on the survey pop up ... i.e. the expected behavior given by the UX?
2018-01-10T12:38:36 <georgitodorov> Hello, kasparnet_. No worries, thank you. I will send you a couple of documents in a minute.
2018-01-10T12:38:46 <kasparnet_> awesome, thanks
2018-01-10T12:40:24 <georgitodorov> kasparnet_: This is the specification: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dFefs5gC9zcr7_cQiMAWXH2z0wx8BaKE2JF6yUH6dP4/edit#
2018-01-10T12:40:34 <kasparnet_> cheers georgitodorov
2018-01-10T12:40:42 <georgitodorov> kasparnet_: This is the technical directions document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fz26ZFQP2Vmr0iBZdcGRmF3FFUG2XS-kWlpgZAOFRvI/edit
2018-01-10T12:40:45 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-10T12:41:52 <georgitodorov> kasparnet_: You can also take a look at the JIRA, especially for the research tickets where we have explained thoroughly we we have made some design decisions: https://issues.gpii.net/secure/RapidBoard.jspa?rapidView=23
2018-01-10T12:42:18 <kasparnet_> great - thanks
2018-01-10T12:42:26 <georgitodorov> kasparnet_: The comment in this ticket (https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2776) can also be very useful.
2018-01-10T12:49:29 <the-t-in-rtf> @amatas, has anyone already put together a pull to update Infusion to use the Vagrant CI Plugin?
2018-01-10T12:49:49 <the-t-in-rtf> I wanted to set up a second environment for Windows.
2018-01-10T12:53:39 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:16:39 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:21:59 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:24:55 <the-t-in-rtf> For anyone who\'s interested, there\'s an improved coverage report for infusion:  http://the-t-in-rtf.github.io/coverage-reports/infusion/20180110/
2018-01-10T13:32:34 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:35:26 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-01-10T13:42:31 * jhung has quit
2018-01-10T13:52:51 * jhung joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:03:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:12:59 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:15:08 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:23:12 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:25:22 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-10T14:26:56 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:28:00 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-01-10T14:28:39 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:29:29 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:29:50 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:29:56 * jessm joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:38:59 <simonjb> hi there stegru (and colinclark) I was just taking a look at your pull request for GPII-2554 https://github.com/GPII/gpii-wix-installer/pull/35
2018-01-10T14:39:13 <simonjb> and I see your note from 30mins ago
2018-01-10T14:39:44 <simonjb> does this pull request need more work?
2018-01-10T14:40:30 <stegru> yes simonjb, it does
2018-01-10T14:40:35 <simonjb> ok, cool
2018-01-10T14:41:32 <simonjb> stegru: is it cool if I put a "needs more work" label on it? With Javi away Sandra had asked me to take a look at the PR
2018-01-10T14:41:42 <stegru> yes please, simonjb
2018-01-10T14:44:12 <simonjb> stegru: done
2018-01-10T14:54:15 <Justin_o> jhung: do you have a minute to chat, i wanted to check in with you about GSoC
2018-01-10T14:57:47 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T14:58:13 <jhung> Justin_o: take a number\x10? You\'re Ticket #4. Currently serving #1.
2018-01-10T14:58:55 <Justin_o> jhung: :) okay please send me an alert when my times lot opens up
2018-01-10T14:59:58 * kavya joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:09:34 <simonjb> hi there cindyli, am I right in thinking that https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/563 is the next PR of yours that I should review? Is anything else higher priority?
2018-01-10T15:10:24 <cindyli> yes, simonjb, that\'s the one to be reviewed
2018-01-10T15:10:34 <simonjb> great, thanks cindyli
2018-01-10T15:10:45 <cindyli> thank YOU, simonjb
2018-01-10T15:20:26 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:21:02 <jhung> Justin_o: ping. now serving 4
2018-01-10T15:22:11 * michelled joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:22:33 <Justin_o> jhung: hello
2018-01-10T15:51:19 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-10T15:57:18 <simonjb> Justin_o: things are getting busy for me at the moment and I\'m wondering about rescheduling the pattens community meeting to a time in February?
2018-01-10T15:58:05 <simonjb> Would that work for you?
2018-01-10T15:58:07 <Justin_o> simonjb: okay, did you have a date in mind?
2018-01-10T15:58:41 <simonjb> Bosmon: would Feb 21 work for you for the patterns community meeting?
2018-01-10T15:58:52 <Justin_o> colinclark, michelled: what do you think of moving the "pooling and sharing inclusive design resources" up to Jan 24?
2018-01-10T15:59:03 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T15:59:27 <simonjb> that would then open up Feb 14?
2018-01-10T15:59:41 <colinclark> seems ok to me
2018-01-10T16:00:44 <michelled> I\'m off that day, but as long as someone updates me it\'s good with me
2018-01-10T16:02:04 <Bosmon> simonjb - that\'s fine, yes
2018-01-10T16:02:17 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-10T16:03:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: were you fine with Feb 21 or 14?
2018-01-10T16:05:02 <gmoss> fluid-everyone: I\'m running late and now the subway has simply stopped moving. I won\'t be at the IDRC in time for standup, so I\'ll give my update here: yesterday I worked on SJRK-45, adding and fixing tests for the new ui-editor grade. Justin_o and alanharnum helped me solve a few issues I encountered. We also had the design crit, planning meeting and an SJRK partners meeting where the partners gave updates of their
2018-01-10T16:05:02 <gmoss> activities. Today I\'ll add more tests for the editor grade, and we\'ll have the community meeting.
2018-01-10T16:22:58 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-01-10T16:30:45 <stegru> Bosmon: on the user listener PR, what do you mean by "This should just be a plain option"... gpii.like.this = x?
2018-01-10T16:52:12 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-10T17:00:27 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-01-10T17:00:47 * kasparnet_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T17:03:00 * clown is now known as clown_meeting
2018-01-10T17:09:52 * avtar joined the channel
2018-01-10T17:15:42 <kasparnet_> colinclark, could the issue you encountered be an instance of https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-2768?
2018-01-10T17:16:04 <colinclark> kasparnet_: I\'m not sure
2018-01-10T17:16:08 <colinclark> Keying in actually worked fine
2018-01-10T17:16:11 <colinclark> but the PSP didn\'t know it
2018-01-10T17:16:16 <colinclark> keying in and out
2018-01-10T17:16:19 <kasparnet_> ah ok, then it\'s not that
2018-01-10T17:16:34 <kasparnet_> ... I think :)
2018-01-10T17:16:42 <colinclark> i almost wondered if it\'s possible to have mutliple instances running at the same time?
2018-01-10T17:18:29 <kasparnet_> yeah, perhaps
2018-01-10T17:18:44 <kasparnet_> I think the GPII now checks for the ports, and stops if they\'re in use
2018-01-10T17:18:58 <kasparnet_> but stegru might now better (I *think* he was the one implementing it)
2018-01-10T17:21:36 <stegru> GPII also writes the pid to a file, which is checked when GPII starts
2018-01-10T17:22:24 <Bosmon> stegru - I mean, a plain component option
2018-01-10T17:22:33 <Bosmon> That would be accessed via that.options.x
2018-01-10T17:22:49 <Bosmon> For stuff which is immutable, it should go there
2018-01-10T17:23:08 <Bosmon> members are generally for stuff which is in some way exotic or volatile, but outside the scope of the ChangeApplier
2018-01-10T17:31:02 <stegru> oh right ok
2018-01-10T17:35:35 * kasparnet_ has quit
2018-01-10T17:52:42 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T18:06:52 * danayo has quit
2018-01-10T18:07:06 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:15:17 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:23:08 * avtar joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:29:21 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-01-10T18:45:41 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:49:14 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-01-10T18:58:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:00:13 * danayo joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:04:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:10:27 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T19:10:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:14:53 * alanharnum has quit
2018-01-10T19:15:04 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:19:52 * clown has quit
2018-01-10T19:22:32 * clown joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:25:37 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: At today\'s community meeting Edward Buchi will be taking about the blockchain. If you\'d like to participate in the collaborative meeting notes you can help out at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Jan+10%2C+2018%29+-+Blockchain+to+Design
2018-01-10T19:26:09 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:29:33 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:29:55 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:32:12 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-01-10T19:35:24 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:36:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:39:13 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:56:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-01-10T19:57:03 * amatas_ has quit
2018-01-10T20:02:09 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-01-10T20:09:03 * yuriy__ has quit
'

