b'2018-08-29T17:07:16 * danayo has quit
2018-08-29T17:18:50 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it\'s really not much of a component so I\'m fine to have it axed
2018-08-29T17:19:21 <Bosmon> cindyli - we should chat, yes - I\'ll try to fit it in this evening but it might be tough
2018-08-29T17:19:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, i\'m going to do that
2018-08-29T17:22:31 <cindyli> thanks, Bosmon. let me know when you find a time to chat. I\'m available tomorrow too.
2018-08-29T17:40:21 <gmoss> gtirloni Justin_o: I really took our academic connection at the IDRC for granted, these VMs must be massive haha
2018-08-29T17:40:26 <gmoss> taking quite a while to download
2018-08-29T17:41:13 <Justin_o> gmoss: it\'s true.. i think it took me about 20 or 30 min last time i downloaded one at home
2018-08-29T17:41:55 <gmoss> it\'s taking about that long right now. x2 computers
2018-08-29T17:42:09 <gmoss> one is on wifi, too -_-
2018-08-29T17:42:52 <Justin_o> gmoss: by the way did you want to pair up on the tests for FLUID-6299?
2018-08-29T17:44:42 <gmoss> Justin_o: I don\'t think I\'ll have time today, unfortunately, but I would like to tomorrow if I\'m not able to sort it out today, if you have time
2018-08-29T17:45:13 <Justin_o> gmoss: sure, sounds good.. i\'m not sure if i\'ll be in the office or remote, but should be able to find some time either way.
2018-08-29T17:46:19 <gmoss> Justin_o: great, thanks! i\'m focusing on FLUID-6290 in the meantime :)
2018-08-29T17:50:57 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-29T17:52:18 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-29T17:52:37 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-29T17:56:08 <Bosmon> Hi there cindyli - so it looks like I have a little time now ....
2018-08-29T17:56:33 <gtirloni> gmoss Justin_o: ~2.5GB usually
2018-08-29T17:56:41 <gmoss> oof
2018-08-29T17:57:20 <gtirloni> yeah, i know the struggle, not having access to that juicy ocad connection here :)
2018-08-29T17:57:28 <Justin_o> gtirloni: merged https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/927
2018-08-29T17:57:34 <gtirloni> Justin_o, thanks \\o/
2018-08-29T17:58:11 <cindyli> Bosmon: skype?
2018-08-29T17:58:18 <Bosmon> sure
2018-08-29T18:27:47 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting Chris Zhang will be leading a feedback session on New Inclusive Housing Model. The collaborative note taking is at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+%28August+29%2C+2018%29%3A+New+Inclusive+Housing+Model+-++Feedback+Session
2018-08-29T18:31:14 * clown joined the channel
2018-08-29T18:34:31 * jhung has quit
2018-08-29T18:34:51 * jhung joined the channel
2018-08-29T18:36:51 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-08-29T18:47:17 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-29T18:55:55 <gmoss> gtirloni: I\'ve finally got my VM to run (issues with VirtualBox and Vagrant, had to go into safe mode to uninstall, fiddling with the registry, very messy). It\'s now hanging on "SSH auth method: private key"
2018-08-29T18:56:18 <gmoss> what I\'m finding online suggests it might be a port forwarding issue. I\'ve disabled my antivirus software and still seem to be having trouble. Any ideas?
2018-08-29T18:58:21 <gtirloni> gmoss, wow that sounds painful. that suggest maybe vagrant is having trouble connecting to VM using the standard private key. which vagrant version do you have (`vagrant version`)?
2018-08-29T18:58:57 * danayo_ has quit
2018-08-29T18:59:13 <gmoss> 2.1.2
2018-08-29T18:59:14 <gmoss> latest
2018-08-29T18:59:17 <gmoss> gtirloni: ^^
2018-08-29T18:59:33 <gmoss> virtualbox is also latest
2018-08-29T18:59:49 <gtirloni> ok.. that\'s weird. and that\'s after you reinstalled/upgraded them?
2018-08-29T18:59:58 <gmoss> yes
2018-08-29T19:00:29 <gmoss> it wouldn\'t even run the VM before haha.. now the vm runs and I can interact with it in VB, but vagrant can\'t seem to connect
2018-08-29T19:02:21 <gtirloni> i haven\'t used a antivirus on windows in a while so i\'m a bit lost.. disabling it should allow the connections through. when you interact with the VM through VirtualBox, can you login as `vagrant` (password: vagrant) and maybe ping 8.8.8.8, does that work?
2018-08-29T19:03:02 <gtirloni> oh, suspended VM
2018-08-29T19:03:19 <gmoss> well i tried with the vm running and with it suspended
2018-08-29T19:03:27 <gmoss> i\'ll see if i can log into it
2018-08-29T19:03:35 <gmoss> using those credentials
2018-08-29T19:04:16 <gtirloni> yeah, maybe try `vagrant reload`
2018-08-29T19:04:21 <gtirloni> to reboot it
2018-08-29T19:04:36 <gmoss> gtirloni: i was able to log in no problem, pinging said network is unreachable, so maybe there\'s an issue with the bridge
2018-08-29T19:04:38 <gmoss> kk
2018-08-29T19:04:52 <gtirloni> vagrant does all sort of configurations when a VM boots.. if it\'s booted through VBox directly and later vagrant tries to use it, it\'s in a locked state and that messes things up
2018-08-29T19:05:15 <gmoss> ah okay, that\'s good to know
2018-08-29T19:05:40 <gtirloni> yeah, that ping has to work first.. i\'d just destroy the box entirely and do a vagrant up from scratch :)
2018-08-29T19:08:43 <gtirloni> the VM configuration should have only one network adapter (type: NAT), you can check that in the VM preferences.. but vagrant should take care of that, I\'m just mentioning it since it might be having some trouble doing that...
2018-08-29T19:08:56 <gtirloni> it\'s not necessary to add a NAT network or configure anything else
2018-08-29T19:09:57 <gtirloni> if you want to screen share, i can take a look
2018-08-29T19:12:24 <gmoss> sure, give me a moment
2018-08-29T19:12:25 <gmoss> thanks!
2018-08-29T19:13:09 <gmoss> gtirloni: okay, call me when you\'re ready :)
2018-08-29T19:15:06 <gmoss> actually I\'m going to reboot, brb
2018-08-29T19:15:57 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-29T19:17:56 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-29T19:18:18 <gtirloni> gmoss, any luck?
2018-08-29T19:18:42 <gmoss> re-importing the vm now
2018-08-29T19:18:45 <gtirloni> ok
2018-08-29T19:18:46 <gmoss> fingers crossed
2018-08-29T19:19:56 <gmoss> gtirloni: if you\'d like to see what I\'m seeing, that\'s cool too! maybe i\'m doing something silly
2018-08-29T19:20:08 <gtirloni> ok calling
2018-08-29T19:38:20 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-29T19:38:53 * danayo_ joined the channel
2018-08-29T20:05:23 * clown joined the channel
2018-08-29T20:05:53 * clown has quit
2018-08-29T20:13:20 * clown joined the channel
2018-08-29T20:19:10 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-29T20:25:30 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-29T20:49:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-08-29T20:56:51 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-08-29T20:59:58 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-29T21:02:08 * clown has quit
2018-08-29T21:22:50 * jessm has quit
2018-08-29T21:26:34 * g2szeto has quit
2018-08-29T22:28:04 * Justin_o has quit
2018-08-29T22:40:20 * simonjb has quit
2018-08-29T22:50:09 * cindyli joined the channel
'

b'2018-08-29T00:01:55 * michelled has quit
2018-08-29T01:18:55 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-29T01:49:08 * suranamudit[m] has quit
2018-08-29T01:53:02 * suranamudit[m] joined the channel
2018-08-29T02:08:18 * michelled has quit
2018-08-29T02:44:59 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2018-08-29T02:44:59 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2018-08-29T02:48:07 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2018-08-29T02:51:07 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2018-08-29T02:57:07 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2018-08-29T02:57:07 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2018-08-29T02:59:38 * [o__o] joined the channel
2018-08-29T07:38:33 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-08-29T07:47:57 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-08-29T08:17:20 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-29T09:06:18 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-29T09:16:35 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-29T10:16:11 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-29T10:38:21 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-29T10:40:14 <javjarfer[m]> Hi everyone!
2018-08-29T10:40:38 <javjarfer[m]> have anyone experienced during settingsHandler development a error similar to this?
2018-08-29T10:40:39 <javjarfer[m]> ``` FATAL ERROR: Uncaught exception: Converting circular structure to JSON ```
2018-08-29T11:09:40 <the-t-in-rtf> often in other contexts.
2018-08-29T11:10:01 <the-t-in-rtf> for example node requests and responses often refer to each other circularly.
2018-08-29T11:10:07 <the-t-in-rtf> What were you trying to do?
2018-08-29T11:16:04 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-29T11:16:09 <stegru> logging a component, i bet
2018-08-29T11:47:22 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-29T12:08:23 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-29T12:10:10 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-29T12:12:22 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-08-29T12:16:54 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-08-29T12:25:50 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-29T12:38:42 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-08-29T12:41:41 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-08-29T12:42:50 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-29T13:11:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-29T13:13:18 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-29T13:27:24 * clown joined the channel
2018-08-29T13:35:48 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-29T13:40:31 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-08-29T13:44:06 <simonjb> good morning sepidehshahi, michelled has reviewed the changes to convert the Inclusive Cities site to Hugo
2018-08-29T13:44:18 <simonjb> and the switch over should happen some time this week
2018-08-29T13:45:25 <sepidehshahi> great! the post is ready, so please let us know what instructions we should provide for Sophie simonjb
2018-08-29T13:45:36 <simonjb> I\'ve created a JIRA issue for the dynamic streets summary https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/CITY-20
2018-08-29T13:46:08 <simonjb> sepidehshahi: we are still missing alt text for some of the photos
2018-08-29T13:46:25 <sepidehshahi> sure, we will add that simon
2018-08-29T13:47:34 <simonjb> sepidehshahi: an option would be for me to go ahead and add this post (as it\'s the first using Hugo), or we can also work with Sophie. what do you think?
2018-08-29T13:49:24 <sepidehshahi> If you can go ahead and add the post would be really helpful simonjb, as I want Samara and Colin to see the post since they were not there.
2018-08-29T13:50:28 <simonjb> sepidehshahi: I\'ll start working on it now -- the text is ready?
2018-08-29T13:51:20 <simonjb> could you send me the photos or attach them to the JIRA?
2018-08-29T13:51:39 <sepidehshahi> I can send you the photos simonjb
2018-08-29T13:56:40 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-08-29T13:58:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-08-29T13:58:35 <alanharnum> simonjb sepidehshahi: I\'m actually working on the Hugo-based deployment right now, should be done pretty quickly
2018-08-29T13:59:00 <simonjb> that\'s awesome, thanks alanharnum!
2018-08-29T13:59:30 <alanharnum> we\'ll need to switch the deployed branch temporarily to Simon\'s to test that everything is working properly, then we can merge it to the inclusivedesign repo master and switch it back
2018-08-29T14:11:31 * jessm joined the channel
2018-08-29T14:18:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-08-29T14:25:30 <alanharnum> simonjb: are you able to make a change to your CITY-7 branch that we can see reflected on https://cities.inclusivedesign.ca/? It should be building and deploying from there now, but of course I can\'t really tell if it\'s "worked" in the sense that the site content has changed, etc
2018-08-29T14:26:33 <alanharnum> once we confirm that\'s working we can merge the CITY-7 branch and I\'ll switch the repo the Jenkins job  builds from
2018-08-29T14:27:22 <alanharnum> ahh, I can check the meta name, NM
2018-08-29T14:27:39 <simonjb> alanharnum: it looks like the Hugo version is deployed -- <meta name="generator" content="Hugo 0.47.1" />
2018-08-29T14:27:53 <simonjb> and the URLs have changed
2018-08-29T14:27:59 <simonjb> to the relURL versions
2018-08-29T14:28:13 <alanharnum> OK great
2018-08-29T14:28:21 <alanharnum> I think we can merge the CITY-7 PR then
2018-08-29T14:28:22 <simonjb> alanharnum: but I can totally make a change if you\'d like to check that
2018-08-29T14:28:29 <sepidehshahi> simonjb: we are in the standup room
2018-08-29T14:29:14 <simonjb> michelled ^
2018-08-29T14:30:22 <alanharnum> simonjb: nope, the meta-generator is fine for confirmation
2018-08-29T14:35:35 <michelled> alanharnum: will you go ahead with the merge? I\'m happy with the site
2018-08-29T14:35:49 <alanharnum> michelled: yup, will mere
2018-08-29T14:35:53 <alanharnum> s/mere/merge
2018-08-29T14:35:57 <michelled> :)
2018-08-29T14:44:35 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-29T14:44:56 <alanharnum> michelled simonjb: OK, everything should now be deploying from inclusive-design/master for the Hugo-based cities.inclusivedesign.ca site
2018-08-29T14:45:05 <alanharnum> let me know if anything is weird
2018-08-29T14:47:19 <simonjb> thanks alanharnum
2018-08-29T14:54:22 * danayo joined the channel
2018-08-29T14:59:08 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-29T15:01:19 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-08-29T15:02:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m pulling in qunit-composite from npm. It\'s up to version 2.0.0, but it seems that only up to version 1.1.0 will work with our instance of qunit. I believe we should have been able to go to 1.2.2 but from version 1.2.0 and onwards it causes the browser to run out of memory
2018-08-29T15:02:59 <Justin_o> I\'m assuming that it\'s too much trouble for us to upgrade our patched version of qunit and we should just stick with the latest version of qunit-composite that works with it.. is that correct?
2018-08-29T15:03:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think it is fine to leave our current one in the module, yes
2018-08-29T15:03:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: current qunit?
2018-08-29T15:03:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the one we have now yes
2018-08-29T15:04:08 <Bosmon> I believe we also had a patch to our version of qunit-composite?
2018-08-29T15:04:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, thanks..
2018-08-29T15:04:16 <Justin_o> oh did we
2018-08-29T15:05:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  i don\'t see a qunit-composite fork in our github org
2018-08-29T15:05:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: any other way to easily tell if it\'s been modified
2018-08-29T15:06:16 * jhernandez has quit
2018-08-29T15:06:40 <Bosmon> Justin_o - github blame, I imagine
2018-08-29T15:07:42 <Justin_o> but it\'s hard to tell if it\'s just upgrading qunit-composite from their source versus our own modifications
2018-08-29T15:07:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: by the way, the all-tests still passes after I upgraded it
2018-08-29T15:08:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that\'s great
2018-08-29T15:08:37 <Bosmon> Any substantive changes that you see?
2018-08-29T15:09:34 <Justin_o> no, not really
2018-08-29T15:10:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess you did modify it https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/commit/fba915faecc34d377083ee680eb9adb5736d763c#diff-ef2f5992c999ce9122a3ce5a40894209
2018-08-29T15:10:57 <Justin_o> do you remember how i might reproduce the time issue that you were trying to address
2018-08-29T15:11:44 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I believe the issue was an intermittent one that affected nested uses of qunit-composite
2018-08-29T15:11:48 <Bosmon> That is, rollups of rollups
2018-08-29T15:11:57 <Bosmon> But I seem to remember that in the end we got rid of those for some other reason?
2018-08-29T15:13:02 <Bosmon> The patch at line 66 helps in the case a run terminates before it manages to update the markup which represents it
2018-08-29T15:13:12 <Bosmon> It used to be impossible to right-click on a failed test row in order to rerun it
2018-08-29T15:13:34 <Bosmon> My vote is for just retaining the existing qunit and qunit-composite as they are
2018-08-29T15:13:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, let me introduce a failing test to see if that\'s fixed now
2018-08-29T15:13:57 <Justin_o> okay, i\'ll revert this change
2018-08-29T15:15:10 * jhung joined the channel
2018-08-29T15:25:48 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-29T15:26:08 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-08-29T15:27:01 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-08-29T15:27:48 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-08-29T15:30:12 <alanharnum> fluid-everyone: I\'m in a meeting and missing standup. My update is "working on Gio transition things". I converted our CI for cities.inclusivedesgin.ca to Hugo build-and-deploy this morning. This afternoon will be mostly meetings.
2018-08-29T15:30:41 * gtirloni has quit
2018-08-29T15:30:48 * gtirloni_ is now known as gtirloni
2018-08-29T15:30:49 <stegru> ok, thanks for your hard work
2018-08-29T15:35:55 * Jess_ joined the channel
2018-08-29T16:01:14 * jhernandez has quit
2018-08-29T16:01:50 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-08-29T16:11:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: So i\'m noticing that we don\'t use fluid.tabs at all in Infusion. It\'s a wrapper around jQuery UI Tabs. I think we have two options 1) make a demo for it so that we can see if it works 2) remove it . What do you think?
2018-08-29T16:14:20 <Bosmon> Justin_o - very odd that it is not used at all
2018-08-29T16:14:37 <Bosmon> Do you remember which project/application it was written for?
2018-08-29T16:14:42 <Bosmon> I guess it was during the CSpace era
2018-08-29T16:15:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I think we used it in the demos before, when we had tabs there.. but i could be mistaken.. i can\'t recall a project that used them.. but maybe collection space did
2018-08-29T16:17:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you think we should keep it around?
2018-08-29T16:18:35 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it\'s very odd in that it says "The test cases for this component do not exercise any of these events" which implies that there actually are some
2018-08-29T16:20:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, there are unit tests. They seem to test init and aria. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/tests/component-tests/tabs/js/TabsTests.js
2018-08-29T16:20:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but we need to also make sure that the jQuery UI css is applied properly and that we aren\'t missing any styling so I\'d like to have a proper demo of it, if we decide to keep it around.
2018-08-29T16:30:49 <cindyli> Bosmon: when you have time, can we talk about the proper fix to replace the fake local matchmaker in the feds-audit branch?
2018-08-29T16:31:26 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-29T16:40:42 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-29T16:45:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-29T16:46:07 <Justin_o> gtirloni: is there an associated JIRA for this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/927
2018-08-29T16:46:44 <gtirloni> Justin_o, not yet, let me create one
2018-08-29T16:47:09 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks, could you also amend your commit to use the JIRA number
2018-08-29T16:47:28 <gtirloni> ok
2018-08-29T16:53:56 <gtirloni> Justin_o, https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-6332
2018-08-29T16:56:30 <Justin_o> gtirloni: thanks
2018-08-29T16:57:33 <Justin_o> gtirloni: regarding your other PR for updating Fedora. I asked gmoss to test it on a Windows machine, but he\'s been having some difficulty getting it up and running. Not sure if this is an issue with configuration or with the PR
2018-08-29T16:58:30 <gmoss> Justin_o: I\'m fairly sure it\'s just config issues on my end. trying on my desktop now to see if it makes a difference
2018-08-29T16:58:46 <Justin_o> gmoss: thanks.
2018-08-29T16:59:59 * gtirloni looks disapprovingly at gmoss
2018-08-29T17:00:21 * gmoss hangs head in shame
2018-08-29T17:00:25 <gtirloni> lol
2018-08-29T17:00:27 <gmoss> :P
2018-08-29T17:02:35 <gtirloni> gmoss, just a reminder that you may need to update to the latest box version `vagrant box update --box inclusivedesign/fedora28` (v20180820 is the latest)
2018-08-29T17:03:03 <gtirloni> and then recreate the box (`vagrant destroy -f && vagrant up`)
2018-08-29T17:04:04 <gmoss> gtirloni: It\'s pulling that latest box on my laptop when I run the tests. (waiting for it to do again so this very moment, in fact), but I don\'t recall if it recreates the box. if it fails again I\'ll call those manually before running the tests
'

