b'2018-08-01T14:41:04 * georgit has quit
2018-08-01T14:48:34 * colinclark has quit
2018-08-01T14:54:49 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-08-01T14:58:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-08-01T15:05:59 <jhernandez_> clown: you coming to the apcp?
2018-08-01T15:06:02 <jhernandez_> meeting?
2018-08-01T15:06:05 <jhernandez_> room2
2018-08-01T15:06:22 <clown> on my way \xe2\x80\x94 getting headphones.
2018-08-01T15:06:30 <jhernandez_> ok ok
2018-08-01T15:06:40 <jhernandez_> we\'re still waiting for Sergey
2018-08-01T15:30:06 <mrtyler> thanks for the ad-hoc demo clown :)
2018-08-01T15:30:18 <mrtyler> and to cindyli who i think raised the topic?
2018-08-01T15:30:55 <clown> mrtyler:  my pleasure.  hopefully it made some sense.
2018-08-01T15:30:55 <cindyli> nah, thanks to jhernandez_ who raised the topic ;)
2018-08-01T15:31:12 <mrtyler> ah sorry. thanks javi
2018-08-01T15:31:31 <mrtyler> clown: it did to me, but i\'ve been discussing this with you and cindy for a couple weeks now :)
2018-08-01T15:31:36 <clown> yes, thanks jhernandez_
2018-08-01T15:31:42 <jhernandez_> in fact it was Colin\'s idea during a chat we had earlier today on skype
2018-08-01T15:31:53 * clown goes to the next meeting
2018-08-01T15:32:37 <jhernandez_> but yeah, it was a right time to raise it and have an idea of what\'s left before the demo
2018-08-01T15:32:54 <mrtyler> yeah, this is an exciting piece of integration to see working!
2018-08-01T15:33:08 <jhernandez_> thanks to you all guys
2018-08-01T15:33:26 <jhernandez_> everything\'s so under control
2018-08-01T15:39:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-01T15:45:34 <mrtyler> clown: a quick thing to get out of the way: we can merge your universal work at any time, right? dataloader (and gpii-infra) depend on those universal changes, but universal does not depend on dataloader of gpii-infra changes?
2018-08-01T15:46:23 * alf is now known as amatas
2018-08-01T15:47:41 <mrtyler> uh oh, github is throwing 500s :(
2018-08-01T15:48:45 <jhernandez_> yup, github is down
2018-08-01T15:57:29 <mrtyler> seems like it was only affecting some page types, and once i got a "you cannot add this comment now" error, but it\'s back for me
2018-08-01T15:58:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m trying to remove the onboarding of dictionary for UIO+. Things were going okay except that the PSPChannelTests are now failing. I tried to update the tests but they still seem to fail. Do you know how they work enough to guide me in updating them? Also is it safe to remove the dictionary from all the snap sets. this didn\'t seem to fix the tests though.
2018-08-01T15:58:46 <Bosmon> Yes, I\'m sure it is safe to remove it from the snapsets
2018-08-01T15:58:56 <Bosmon> And then I guess from any matching expected payloads in the tests
2018-08-01T15:59:00 <Bosmon> What kinds of failures are you getting?
2018-08-01T15:59:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: this is related to https://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-3053 in case you were wondering
2018-08-01T15:59:47 <Justin_o> I think the dictionary is still showing up in some in some returned or expected payload
2018-08-01T16:00:01 <Justin_o> although it\'s a bit hard to verify because the output is cut off
2018-08-01T16:00:41 <Justin_o> i believe i have removed dictionary from the entire repo but it still fails the tests
2018-08-01T16:01:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2018-08-01T16:01:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you can increase the rendered payload size with the fluid.logObjectRenderChars global
2018-08-01T16:02:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay, i\'ll try that, thanks
2018-08-01T16:10:53 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T16:15:20 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T16:33:18 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T16:46:45 <clown> mrtyler, not quite.  "vagrantCloudBasedContainers.sh" runs the docker image made by gpii-dataloader.  So, I guess, if that universal script is run AND the gpiii-dataloader docker image has been created from my branch \xe2\x80\xa6 probably not good.
2018-08-01T16:50:42 <clown> actually, mytyler, I re-read your quesion:  I don\'t know what you mean by "universal does not depend on dataloader of gpii-infra changes", specifically "dataloader of gpii-infra changes".
2018-08-01T16:50:59 <clown> what is a dataloader of gpii-infra changes.?
2018-08-01T16:51:35 <clown> *mrtyler ^
2018-08-01T16:52:31 <mrtyler> sorry, s/of/or/
2018-08-01T16:52:52 <mrtyler> i think you answered it. universal does use dataloader via vagrantCloudBasedContainers.sh
2018-08-01T16:53:01 <mrtyler> so we do need to be careful to coordinate those two merges
2018-08-01T16:53:13 <clown> ah.  that makes more sense.
2018-08-01T16:54:09 <clown> right.  you could merge gpii-dataloader into master, but not use it to replace any existing docker image until such time as universal is also updated.
2018-08-01T16:55:37 <clown> and, on the flip side, the docker image clones the lastest master of universal.  If universal does not have the GPII-3138 changes, then the docker image will run the "wrong" universal code.
2018-08-01T16:55:59 <mrtyler> right i was aware of the dataloader -> universal dependency. what i forgot about was the universal -> dataloader dependency
2018-08-01T16:56:26 <mrtyler> i.e. it\'s a two-way reciprocal dependency, not a directed acycilc graph :)
2018-08-01T16:56:55 <clown> as you noted, at last (?)  week\'s meeting, gpii-dataloader is becoming less and less of a separted standalone thing, and is moving slowing into universal
2018-08-01T16:57:00 <clown> *slowly
2018-08-01T16:59:24 * jhung joined the channel
2018-08-01T17:01:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: would you like to talk now?
2018-08-01T17:02:57 <clown> mrtyler, cindyli, just to make sure there are no errors due to timezones, we are meeting in half an hour, correct?
2018-08-01T17:08:55 <cindyli> clown: that\'s what i think too
2018-08-01T17:09:07 <clown> thanks cindyli
2018-08-01T17:13:54 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-01T17:14:09 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T17:18:15 <mrtyler> clown: cindyli yes in 12 minutes
2018-08-01T17:26:45 <clown> mrtyle, cindyli, I just fired up skype and it did an update.  It\'s asking me to set up a bunch of stuff that I don\'t really want to setup.  Bottom line:  I may be a little late.
2018-08-01T17:27:37 <clown> okay, it\'s up (yay).
2018-08-01T17:32:07 <mrtyler> cindyli: clown sorry, but i\'m ready now. starting the call
2018-08-01T17:32:31 <clown> okay mrtyler
2018-08-01T17:59:45 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-08-01T18:23:28 <Justin_o> gtirloni: this PR doesn\'t seem to have the buildkite check anymore https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/914
2018-08-01T18:29:21 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today\'s community meeting Jon will be leading leading brainstorming inclusive activities
2018-08-01T18:31:44 <gtirloni> Justin_o: that\'s weird. github was down a few hours ago... and their API doesn\'t seem to let people delete PR statuses (https://developer.github.com/v3/repos/statuses/)
2018-08-01T18:32:27 <gtirloni> Justin_o: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/914
2018-08-01T18:32:34 <gtirloni> it seems to be there now
2018-08-01T18:32:57 <gtirloni> but it\'s outdated... the build is running
2018-08-01T19:01:53 * alanharn_ joined the channel
2018-08-01T19:03:16 * avtar joined the channel
2018-08-01T19:04:56 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-01T19:08:10 * alanharn_ is now known as alanharnum
2018-08-01T19:27:41 * amatas has quit
2018-08-01T19:32:57 <alanharnum> jhung: what\'s the other room we\'re using for remtoe discussion?
2018-08-01T19:33:25 <jhung> We\'re talking together as a small group Alan. You can join my room
2018-08-01T19:33:30 <jhung> alanharnum:  ^
2018-08-01T20:10:54 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T20:12:56 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o - are you there?
2018-08-01T20:16:33 * colinclark has quit
2018-08-01T20:16:59 <alanharnum> cindyli: your praises are being sung in the CAST/CISL meeting for the great introduction you gave to the GPII / prefs server :)
2018-08-01T20:18:28 <cindyli> yay! i probably gave a confusing introduction than "great" ;)
2018-08-01T20:19:38 <alanharnum> honestly on a project as big as the GPII with as many moving parts, you gave a great introduction, very clear :)
2018-08-01T20:21:41 <cindyli> thanks
2018-08-01T20:24:44 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-01T20:42:37 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T21:00:35 * jhung has quit
2018-08-01T21:01:23 * alanharnum has quit
2018-08-01T21:01:32 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-08-01T21:04:06 * clown has quit
2018-08-01T21:04:59 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T21:05:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-08-01T21:22:05 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-08-01T21:22:15 * jhernandez_ joined the channel
2018-08-01T21:26:28 * jhernandez_ has quit
2018-08-01T21:26:39 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-08-01T22:51:01 * avtar has quit
2018-08-01T23:02:25 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-01T23:02:35 <cindyli> hi Bosmon, r u there?
'

b'2018-08-01T00:31:24 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-08-01T06:54:04 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-08-01T07:48:40 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-01T07:53:02 * mrtyler has quit
2018-08-01T07:53:18 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-08-01T08:55:29 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T09:30:24 * [o__o] joined the channel
2018-08-01T10:03:35 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-01T10:06:18 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-08-01T10:52:39 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T10:53:45 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-01T10:57:47 <dandimitrov> Hey, jhernandez_, should we merge https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/40 for our tests (in the QSS PR) to run successfully in the CI :?
2018-08-01T11:02:23 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T11:09:17 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-01T11:10:35 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T11:11:34 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-01T11:15:20 * alf joined the channel
2018-08-01T11:19:53 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T11:23:08 * Bosmon has quit
2018-08-01T11:26:57 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-01T11:27:36 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T11:29:12 * Bosmon joined the channel
2018-08-01T11:30:13 * michelled joined the channel
2018-08-01T11:39:02 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-01T12:00:58 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-08-01T12:05:13 <cindyli> jhernandez_: with PSP and QSS, when logging in with "alice", is "alice" displayed somewhere on the UI? I\'m playing with gpii-app VM but not seeing the key "alice" is showing somewhere
2018-08-01T12:22:10 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-08-01T12:30:59 <cindyli> Bosmon: a question about snapshotter, i should create a file that contains all QSS supported settings. The QSS settings.json (https://github.com/GPII/gpii-app/pull/48/files#diff-854e7c96442be6cafe779083bd503d63L-1) uses common terms such as "http://registry\\\\.gpii\\\\.net/common/language". But invokeSettingsHandlerGet() expects solutionId like "com.microsoft.windows.magnifier", so I used testData/solutions/win32.json5 to convert QSS su
2018-08-01T12:30:59 <cindyli> pported common terms to solution ids and came up with this json content:
2018-08-01T12:31:02 <cindyli> [
2018-08-01T12:31:02 <cindyli> // Solutions for http://registry\\\\.gpii\\\\.net/common/DPIScale
2018-08-01T12:31:02 <cindyli> "com.microsoft.windows.screenDPI",
2018-08-01T12:31:02 <cindyli> // Solutions for http://registry.gpii.net/common/language
2018-08-01T12:31:02 <cindyli> // not found in testData/solutions/win32.json5
2018-08-01T12:31:02 <cindyli> // "http://registry.gpii.net/common/fontSize"
2018-08-01T12:31:02 <cindyli> "eu.singularlogic.pixelsense.sociable",
2018-08-01T12:31:03 <cindyli> "net.gpii.uioPlus",
2018-08-01T12:31:03 <cindyli> // Solutions for http://registry.gpii.net/common/captions/enabled
2018-08-01T12:31:04 <cindyli> "net.gpii.uioPlus",
2018-08-01T12:31:04 <cindyli> // Solutions for http://registry.gpii.net/common/highContrastTheme
2018-08-01T12:31:05 <cindyli> "net.opendirective.maavis",
2018-08-01T12:32:08 * jhung joined the channel
2018-08-01T12:32:20 <cindyli> IRC sends some errors when I pasted the json string. in case it didn\'t go thru. here\'s the pastebin for it - https://pastebin.com/7kiHCDSU
2018-08-01T12:32:42 <cindyli> Bosmon: is what i\'m doing correct?
2018-08-01T12:40:47 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2018-08-01T12:47:33 <Bosmon> cindyli - no
2018-08-01T12:48:12 <cindyli> :(
2018-08-01T12:48:20 <Bosmon> Well, I\'m not quite sure what you are doing : P
2018-08-01T12:48:27 <Bosmon> Why are you looking up all solution ids that support all common terms?
2018-08-01T12:48:57 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T12:49:03 * dandimitrov_ is now known as dandimitrov
2018-08-01T12:49:03 <cindyli> because invokeSettingsHandlerGet() requires solution ids
2018-08-01T12:49:07 <cindyli> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/lifecycleManager/src/LifecycleManager.js#L328
2018-08-01T12:49:13 <cindyli> not common terms
2018-08-01T12:50:00 <cindyli> oh, maybe the matchmaking process can auto convert common terms to solutions
2018-08-01T12:50:52 <cindyli> but matchmaking happens in the cloud and only for user defined preferences
2018-08-01T12:51:34 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes ok
2018-08-01T12:52:06 <Bosmon> I guess you will have to go through one round of matchmaking in order to discover what solutions they would be allocated to
2018-08-01T12:52:30 <Bosmon> But it is ok to hard-code this for this current implementation
2018-08-01T12:52:39 <Bosmon> Given the set of preferences is fixed
2018-08-01T12:53:03 <Bosmon> Just go for either the builtin solutions or UIO+ for now
2018-08-01T12:53:04 <cindyli> you mean hard code common terms or solutions?
2018-08-01T12:53:13 <cindyli> ok, solutions
2018-08-01T12:53:27 <Bosmon> cindyli - well in practice you are hardcoding both
2018-08-01T12:53:36 <Bosmon> Since the set supported by the QSS is not going to change quickly
2018-08-01T12:54:19 <Bosmon> Windows language support is coming here: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pull/534
2018-08-01T12:58:59 <cindyli> Bosmon: there are multiple solutions for these common terms: font size, high contrast, self voicing. without matchmaking, how to decide which one to use?
2018-08-01T12:59:30 <Bosmon> cindyli ^
2018-08-01T13:00:25 <Bosmon> Pick builtin, or UIO+
2018-08-01T13:00:25 <cindyli> for example high contrast has
2018-08-01T13:00:25 <cindyli> "net.opendirective.maavis",
2018-08-01T13:00:25 <cindyli> "com.microsoft.windows.highContrast",
2018-08-01T13:00:25 <cindyli> "net.gpii.uioPlus",
2018-08-01T13:00:25 <cindyli> is "com.microsoft.windows.highContrast" the builtin?
2018-08-01T13:01:53 <cindyli> Bosmon: i don\'t know enough to determine which one is builtin
2018-08-01T13:02:07 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes, that is builtin
2018-08-01T13:02:13 <Bosmon> Anything that begins com.microsoft.windows is builtin
2018-08-01T13:02:17 <cindyli> ok. thanks
2018-08-01T13:06:01 <Justin_o> the-t-in-rtf: thanks for the update about gpii-grunt-lint-all. The latest dev release seems to be working. Do you know when you\'ll have a stable release out?
2018-08-01T13:06:11 <the-t-in-rtf> Ask @Bosmon.
2018-08-01T13:06:23 <Bosmon> ask me? : P
2018-08-01T13:06:33 <the-t-in-rtf> The related pull is waiting on your input, dear.
2018-08-01T13:07:01 <the-t-in-rtf> https://github.com/GPII/gpii-grunt-lint-all/pull/2
2018-08-01T13:07:27 <the-t-in-rtf> the global excludes stuff there is new
2018-08-01T13:08:15 <dandimitrov> cindyli: Regarding the keyed in user (\xe2\x80\x9calice\xe2\x80\x9d), it is displayed in the tray icon\xe2\x80\x99s context menu - right click on the tray icon
2018-08-01T13:08:30 <cindyli> great. thanks, dandimitrov
2018-08-01T13:08:49 <cindyli> dandimitrov: is the string "alice" the received key?
2018-08-01T13:09:10 <dandimitrov> cindyli: looks like it
2018-08-01T13:09:22 <cindyli> cool. thanks
2018-08-01T13:10:10 <dandimitrov> Were you able to find it in your VM :?
2018-08-01T13:11:00 <cindyli> yes, i did find it, dandimitrov
2018-08-01T13:11:24 <cindyli> missed the right clicking at the first try :)
2018-08-01T13:12:11 <stegru> Bosmon: the app zome is ready - but not ready for review, if you know what I mean
2018-08-01T13:12:19 <stegru> our baz
2018-08-01T13:12:48 <Bosmon> zome?
2018-08-01T13:15:06 * clown joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:17:27 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:20:04 <stegru> oh, i\'ve been working on the wrong thing?
2018-08-01T13:21:46 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:22:48 <jhernandez_> dandimitrov: sorry, I\'m reading this now - re pull/40, yes, part of it. I can make a pull request against your branch if you want me to
2018-08-01T13:23:22 <jhernandez_> but that will only fix the issues related to the creation of the installer
2018-08-01T13:23:36 <dandimitrov> jhernandez_: that would be great
2018-08-01T13:24:20 <Justin_o> jhernandez_: i filed another PR against gpii-chrome-extension. Are you able to review it https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/pull/9 and there is the previous one still https://github.com/GPII/gpii-chrome-extension/pull/8
2018-08-01T13:25:02 <dandimitrov> I think there are changes to the Build.ps1 script as well
2018-08-01T13:25:04 * g2szeto joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:26:06 <dandimitrov> jhernandez_: In the last CI run only the create-vm step is failing because of the `test-windows.c` file
2018-08-01T13:26:29 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-08-01T13:29:02 <jhernandez_> dandimitrov: right, let me create a tiny pr for you to incorporate into your branch
2018-08-01T13:30:49 <dandimitrov> jhernandez_: great, thanks
2018-08-01T13:43:26 <cindyli> Bosmon, colinclark, in a skype call that Greg and Bern had with me yesterday, they want to create 2 user keys and 20 empty user keys for the august demo. clown and I talked about the workflow for creating these keys. we\'re thinking to add a new testData/preferences/demoUserPrefs directory to hold preferences sets for these keys. convertPrefs.js will run in the same npm postinstall step as converting snapsets and other keys to convert
2018-08-01T13:43:26 <cindyli> these user keys with "user" flag to build/dbData/demouser/. CD will pick up from this new build dir to load them into staging and production. do you think this workflow is ok?
2018-08-01T13:43:45 <cindyli> clown: please correct me if i missed anything
2018-08-01T13:44:35 <cindyli> btw, these 20 empty keys will just be jsons files with UUIDs as file names. their contents will be an empty javascript object
2018-08-01T13:44:40 <colinclark> But isn\'t the point that we will give these empty user keys to people to actually use and try out?
2018-08-01T13:45:07 <colinclark> if so, why would we load them using the same workflow as the canned preference sets?
2018-08-01T13:45:23 <cindyli> colinclark: greg said he needs these keys just to save the prefs adjusted by QSS
2018-08-01T13:45:35 <colinclark> (also, three Gs in Gregg)
2018-08-01T13:45:47 <cindyli> haha, got it
2018-08-01T13:46:01 <cindyli> i\'ve been wrong with his name all the time, sorry, Gregg
2018-08-01T13:46:04 <cindyli> :)
2018-08-01T13:46:09 <colinclark> hahaha
2018-08-01T13:46:21 <cindyli> our canned prefs sets in testData/preferences are loaded as snapsets, not user keys
2018-08-01T13:46:50 <cindyli> this is a temp workflow for the august demo for loading test user keys
2018-08-01T13:47:14 <cindyli> Greg has a different requirement for creating real user keys that will be handed out to users.
2018-08-01T13:47:23 <cindyli> he will write that requirement in a doc for review
2018-08-01T13:48:06 <colinclark> ok, i think whatever is easiest is probably fine
2018-08-01T13:48:15 <cindyli> ok. i think so too
2018-08-01T13:48:26 <colinclark> there\'s no risk that these keys will be written over in later deployments?
2018-08-01T13:49:41 <cindyli> i think no, because our dataloading will only reload snapsets, not user keys. if later deployments, the same UUID is posted, couchdb will throw error
2018-08-01T13:50:57 <clown> cindyli, colinclark, just got back from getting coffee:  reading log.
2018-08-01T13:51:10 <colinclark> ok, smart data loader :)
2018-08-01T13:51:33 <clown> cindyli, your description of how I\'ve handled the "demo user preferences" is correct.
2018-08-01T13:51:58 * clown wonders if colin thinks the data is smart, or the loader, or the coder
2018-08-01T13:52:40 <cindyli> all of them, in my opinion :)
2018-08-01T13:53:14 <clown> as for the workflow,  my understanding is that we are doing it this way for the demo, and it\'s relatively easy for us to follow the cow path we created for the snapsets.
2018-08-01T13:53:44 <clown> whether this is  good approach in the long run is beyond me, at present.  Likely not.
2018-08-01T13:55:14 <clown> but I find it weird that the demo will not display "roy" as the name for a user\'s preferences (for example), but a UUID.  Ah well, it\'s a demo.
2018-08-01T13:55:58 * clown goes back to figuring out AWS
2018-08-01T14:01:01 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-08-01T14:03:15 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-08-01T14:09:52 <jhernandez_> Justin_o: re the extension pulls, yes, happy to review them, but not sure by when
2018-08-01T14:13:12 <jhernandez_> but will do my best to get to them ASAP
2018-08-01T14:14:00 <jhernandez_> clown, cindyli: regarding your work on the dataloader, do you think that you can give us a quick tour on it during our apcp meeting today? I guess that I would also like to know how are we going to proceed with the upcoming demo
2018-08-01T14:14:45 <Justin_o> jhernandez_: okay thanks.. i\'m not exactly sure when it\'s needed.. it sounded like it might be needed for the august demo, but then in another call i had, it sounded like it wasn\'t will probably need to confirm that with Sandra
2018-08-01T14:15:50 <clown> jhernandez_:  quick tour \xe2\x80\x94 sure.
2018-08-01T14:15:53 * avtar joined the channel
2018-08-01T14:17:36 <jhernandez_> Justin_o: yeah, it\'s hard for me to say too - maybe we should just double check with Sandra/Gregg
2018-08-01T14:19:59 * dandimitrov joined the channel
2018-08-01T14:32:04 <Justin_o> yes, i think so
2018-08-01T14:38:47 * gtirloni joined the channel
'

