b"2018-03-21T14:56:26 <gtirloni> awesome
2018-03-21T14:58:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-21T14:58:51 <jhung> alanharnum, colinclark - is there a CISL meeting today 4p? Should I begin attending these regularly?
2018-03-21T14:59:18 <alanharnum> jhung: there's a meeting today, i'll leave it to colinclark to advise if you should attend regularly :)
2018-03-21T14:59:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:02:55 <stegru> clown: thanks!
2018-03-21T15:03:07 <stegru> ..for the review
2018-03-21T15:03:22 <Justin_o> alanharnum: could you please review this PR https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/134
2018-03-21T15:03:25 <clown> stegru:  you're welcome.  It's cool to see the process reporter work get more use.
2018-03-21T15:03:56 <colinclark> jhung: I think it's worth it for you to attend this one, yes. Were were going to show a few other things of ours?
2018-03-21T15:05:00 <alanharnum> sure Justin_o
2018-03-21T15:05:20 <Justin_o> alanharnum: thanks
2018-03-21T15:21:12 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T15:21:28 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:23:37 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T15:25:00 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:26:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: I've filed a PR to address the issue you filed yesterday https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/885 would you be able to review it?
2018-03-21T15:29:26 <cindyli> sure. thanks, Justin_o
2018-03-21T15:29:49 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:31:01 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:31:43 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T15:32:22 * aman__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:40:08 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:40:10 <jhung> colinclark: I think Alan had some things he wanted to show last week but there wasn't time. I'll join the meeting. Same coordinates I assume.
2018-03-21T15:40:34 <colinclark> yup
2018-03-21T15:40:37 <colinclark> thanks so much, jhung
2018-03-21T15:40:46 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-21T15:40:58 <jhung> np
2018-03-21T15:41:33 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-21T15:47:25 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:48:52 * jeevan joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:50:29 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:50:33 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:50:54 * kunal joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:51:14 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-21T15:51:57 <stegru> jhernandez: arch meeting in 10 mins, or an hour?
2018-03-21T15:52:10 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:52:13 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-21T15:52:50 <jhernandez> in an hour
2018-03-21T15:53:00 <jhernandez> stegru: ^
2018-03-21T15:53:57 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-21T15:54:51 <stegru> ok ta
2018-03-21T15:55:14 * aman__ has quit
2018-03-21T15:56:12 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:57:21 * aman__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T15:58:48 * kunal has quit
2018-03-21T16:06:46 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-21T16:08:25 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:08:39 * aman__ has quit
2018-03-21T16:17:55 * Kavya joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:20:40 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:21:56 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-21T16:22:03 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:25:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:25:53 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:26:38 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:29:24 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-21T16:42:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:48:30 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-21T16:49:30 * colinclark has quit
2018-03-21T16:54:35 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:54:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T16:58:00 <simonjb> cindyli: I've updated my script to clean and npm install before each test run https://gist.github.com/simonbates/a6d3f6906f0e8f5ebaa1844003245c4d
2018-03-21T16:58:46 <cindyli> thanks, simonjb
2018-03-21T16:59:53 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T17:01:37 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-21T17:04:32 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-21T17:08:04 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-21T17:08:47 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-21T17:09:14 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T17:13:13 * alanharnum has quit
2018-03-21T17:32:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-21T17:36:15 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-21T17:40:24 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T17:43:59 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T17:47:21 * sgithens has quit
2018-03-21T17:48:52 * michelled has quit
2018-03-21T17:50:58 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:04:12 * sgithens joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:08:40 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-21T18:10:05 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:24:07 * danayo joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:29:29 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:33:36 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:33:47 * gtirloni__ has quit
2018-03-21T18:34:41 * sepidehshahi_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:35:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:35:20 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2018-03-21T18:35:53 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: at today's community meeting Stewart Russel will be talking to us about Makers Making Change. You can join in on the collaborative note taking at https://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Community+Meeting+Notes+%28Mar+21%2C+2018%29+-+Introduction+to+Makers+Making+Change
2018-03-21T18:35:54 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-21T18:35:54 * sepidehshahi_ is now known as sepidehshahi
2018-03-21T18:36:29 <Justin_o> and the slides are available at https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1nxZsFxwGqeNnpZqZDnv9fI7sZgIC369Sue7fz1yHok4/edit?usp=sharing
2018-03-21T18:36:44 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-21T18:36:53 * jeevan has quit
2018-03-21T18:38:41 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:40:04 * gtirloni_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:40:26 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-21T18:48:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:50:13 * stegru has quit
2018-03-21T18:54:28 * gtirloni__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T18:56:52 * gtirloni_ has quit
2018-03-21T18:58:24 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:02:04 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-21T19:05:10 * mrtyler_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:05:11 * mrtyler has quit
2018-03-21T19:06:28 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:10:52 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:11:04 * shivam_vyas joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:11:18 * shivam_vyas has left the channel
2018-03-21T19:14:16 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-21T19:16:23 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-21T19:21:42 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:26:07 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:26:24 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:36:19 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:45:43 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:48:32 * alanharnum2 joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:50:40 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-21T19:56:17 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:58:20 * amatas has quit
2018-03-21T19:59:14 * michelled has quit
2018-03-21T19:59:15 * kvuser joined the channel
2018-03-21T19:59:29 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-21T20:00:33 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-21T20:00:57 * clown is now known as Guest71111
2018-03-21T20:01:13 * Guest71111 has quit
2018-03-21T20:09:54 * clown_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T20:14:52 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-21T20:22:34 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T20:23:34 * jessm has quit
2018-03-21T20:30:41 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-21T20:34:14 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-21T20:42:15 * sepidehshahi has quit
2018-03-21T20:59:47 * rbhatia46 joined the channel
2018-03-21T21:05:49 * clown_ has quit
2018-03-21T21:07:03 * jhung has quit
2018-03-21T21:12:10 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-21T21:13:55 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T21:18:24 * rbhatia46 has quit
2018-03-21T21:28:16 * kvuser has quit
2018-03-21T21:29:28 * rbhatia46 joined the channel
2018-03-21T21:32:57 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T21:33:04 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-21T21:38:40 * Kavya has quit
2018-03-21T21:39:22 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T22:06:38 * rbhatia46 has quit
"

b'2018-03-21T01:08:11 * jhernandez has quit
2018-03-21T01:08:49 * stegru has quit
2018-03-21T04:25:19 * hagerhosny19 joined the channel
2018-03-21T05:19:41 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T05:19:53 <jeevan_> Hello everyone,
2018-03-21T05:21:07 <jeevan_> can someone tell what more the project \'Import External Data to MyL3\' plans to do with weather and location details.
2018-03-21T05:24:05 <jeevan_> Task is just to import the data. Is it allowed to add more features using weather and location details into MyL3.
2018-03-21T05:25:24 <jeevan_> Thanks in advance:)
2018-03-21T05:29:59 <hagerhosny19> cindyli: updated ,can u check it please thanks in advance
2018-03-21T05:49:00 * kavya has quit
2018-03-21T07:21:17 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T07:28:53 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T07:34:08 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T07:38:59 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-21T07:41:59 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T07:42:48 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T07:54:27 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T07:54:57 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T07:58:47 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T08:06:35 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T08:06:49 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T08:15:57 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-21T08:18:36 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T08:18:52 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T08:21:09 * georgitodorov joined the channel
2018-03-21T08:22:58 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T08:29:33 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T09:14:35 * stegru joined the channel
2018-03-21T09:24:35 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Hey, Antranig! Will you have time today for a short Skype call to discuss the current state of the i18n in the PSP?
2018-03-21T09:34:34 * hagerhosny19 has quit
2018-03-21T09:44:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-21T09:54:50 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T10:00:59 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T10:10:53 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-21T10:15:31 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T10:17:58 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - sure, yes
2018-03-21T10:20:23 * jhernandez joined the channel
2018-03-21T10:23:01 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T10:26:05 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-21T10:26:53 * yuriy joined the channel
2018-03-21T10:30:21 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-21T10:31:31 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T10:37:56 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: Shall we meet in 30 minutes?
2018-03-21T10:42:22 * amatas joined the channel
2018-03-21T10:44:48 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T10:45:18 * jeevan_ has quit
2018-03-21T10:47:04 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T11:05:23 * amatas_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T11:06:05 * amatas has quit
2018-03-21T11:06:06 * amatas_ is now known as amatas
2018-03-21T11:07:35 * aman__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T11:11:09 * amatas has quit
2018-03-21T11:21:10 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T11:25:32 <aman__> Hello everyone,can someone tell me more about the project Accessible Music User Interface Toolkit with Nexus.js. Is their any example available.
2018-03-21T11:29:00 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T11:29:14 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T11:33:51 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T11:38:09 <Bosmon> georgitodorov - sure, I can meet now
2018-03-21T11:38:39 <georgitodorov> Bosmon: sure, I will call you in a few minutes
2018-03-21T11:41:57 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-21T11:57:04 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:00:45 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:00:45 * georgit joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:00:48 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:01:02 * dandimitrov has quit
2018-03-21T12:01:03 * dandimitrov_ has quit
2018-03-21T12:01:03 * yuriy__ has quit
2018-03-21T12:01:03 * georgit has quit
2018-03-21T12:01:31 * yuriy__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:01:48 * dandimitrov_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:02:29 * georgit joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:03:13 * georgitodorov has quit
2018-03-21T12:04:46 * yuriy has quit
2018-03-21T12:04:48 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T12:05:02 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:13:31 * VictorA_NG has quit
2018-03-21T12:20:21 * Justin_o joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:22:54 * aman__ has quit
2018-03-21T12:45:49 * ShadX_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:54:30 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-21T12:56:19 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:03:53 * jhung joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:07:48 * simonjb joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:09:47 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:10:01 * aman__ joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:10:20 * grrrero joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:14:36 * jui joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:15:40 <simonjb> cindyli: https://gist.github.com/simonbates/a6d3f6906f0e8f5ebaa1844003245c4d
2018-03-21T13:16:03 <jui> Hello, I wish to contribute to your project - Inclusive Design Guide Digital-Print copy workflow prototypes. Could you guide me regarding how to proceed? In your project description you mention this to be a research-based project. What do you expect to see in a proposal drafted for this project?
2018-03-21T13:20:14 <simonjb> jhung: ^
2018-03-21T13:23:13 <jhung> hi jui, the proposal should detail how you would approach discovering usable web-to-print workflows, how you would evaluate feasibility, and what approaches you would take to create prototype(s) to demonstrate proof-of-concept.
2018-03-21T13:23:17 * jessm has quit
2018-03-21T13:23:17 * colinclark joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:25:37 <jui> Thank you! Is there any warmup exercise or test that I should complete before submitting my proposal? Also, are there any related resources which I can read up so that I can get a better grasp of this project?
2018-03-21T13:28:54 <jhung> jui: I would encourage doing some preliminary research to discover some possible ideas. This will help you with the proposal. A good place to start is to see if there are other projects / organizations that have such workflows.
2018-03-21T13:29:57 * michelled joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:31:00 <jui> Okay, thank you! Also, for future communication, could you provide me an email id where I can reach you?
2018-03-21T13:43:59 * aman__ has quit
2018-03-21T13:44:43 <cindyli> thanks, simonjb, sorry, just saw ur message
2018-03-21T13:45:18 <jhung> jui unless the message is confidential, we prefer to communicate openly in this IRC channel so others can benefit from our discussions.
2018-03-21T13:47:29 * jui has quit
2018-03-21T13:49:47 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-21T13:53:43 * sepidehshahi joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:55:25 * jessm joined the channel
2018-03-21T13:59:11 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2018-03-21T14:00:32 * clown joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:00:33 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:02:16 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:02:19 * ShadX_ has quit
2018-03-21T14:02:23 * cindyli has quit
2018-03-21T14:03:18 * mrtyler joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:13:38 * cindyli joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:20:57 * alanharnum joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:29:21 * georgit has quit
2018-03-21T14:32:49 <Justin_o> gtirloni: it doesn\'t look like i can set the source for GitHub Pages to "none" for the Infusion-Docs repo
2018-03-21T14:32:57 <Justin_o> I think this is because there is a gh-pages branch
2018-03-21T14:33:03 <Justin_o> the option in the drop down is greyed out for me
2018-03-21T14:34:21 <gtirloni> hmm yeah, i think that\'s it. maybe we need to create a new branch for the build artifacts (and then I update CI)
2018-03-21T14:34:34 * jeevan_ joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:35:06 <jeevan_> can someone tell what more the project \'Import External Data to MyL3\' plans to do with weather and location details.
2018-03-21T14:35:14 <gtirloni> Justin_o: deploy, production, result, what\'s a good name? :)
2018-03-21T14:35:15 <jeevan_> Task is just to import the data. Is it allowed to add more features using weather and location details into MyL3.
2018-03-21T14:35:21 <jeevan_> Thanks in advance:)
2018-03-21T14:35:51 <Justin_o> gtirloni: both of those sound find to me.. jhung did you have any thoughts
2018-03-21T14:36:17 <Justin_o> gtirloni: also, when you make changes for https://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/INFRA-146 will we need this second branch at all anymore?
2018-03-21T14:37:39 <jeevan_> please help me for myL3
2018-03-21T14:37:41 <gtirloni> Justin_o: good point, we won\'t necessarily need it. unless it\'s good to keep it available in a branch somewhere to track deploys (we\'d need to give the CI user commit access, which might not be a good idea entirely)
2018-03-21T14:38:10 * VictorA_NG joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:39:07 <jhung> gtirloni, Justin_o - what are we naming? renaming the old gh-pages branches?
2018-03-21T14:39:18 <Justin_o> jhung: yes
2018-03-21T14:39:44 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:40:13 <Justin_o> gtirloni: i think if we can get away with not having the branch when all the automation is in place it would be better. As long as we still have the means for generating the output in master, I think it should be okay
2018-03-21T14:40:17 <jhung> We don\'t actually use those branches anymore do we Justin_o? Why don\'t we get rid of them?
2018-03-21T14:40:25 <gtirloni> Justin_o: that works for me
2018-03-21T14:41:19 <Justin_o> jhung: from what I understand is that the gh-pages branch is currently still being used, but not by GitHub pages. gtirloni is that correct?
2018-03-21T14:41:59 <gtirloni> yep, CI was configured to use at the time we migrated. but it\'s a simple change and it looks like we do need to get rid of them to disable GH Pages and stop getting warnings emails
2018-03-21T14:42:40 <gtirloni> i\'ll suggest using \'deploy\' for now if that\'s okay (and i\'ll update CI accordingly). then, when CI/CD is fully automated we can delete that too
2018-03-21T14:43:22 <Justin_o> gtirloni: sounds good to me
2018-03-21T14:43:46 <Justin_o> gtirloni: ah well, one issue
2018-03-21T14:44:08 <Justin_o> gtirloni: docpad is handling the deployment to gh-pages.. i\'ll have to see if it can use a different branch
2018-03-21T14:44:24 <jhung> gtirloni: yeah, it\'d be easier to get rid of the gh-pages / deploy branches eventually. One less thing to maintain and track.
2018-03-21T14:45:38 <gtirloni> Justin_o: it\'s just that warning email for now, so if that\'s okay to ignore I can check that in infra-146 too
2018-03-21T14:45:57 <gtirloni> unless it\'s too many changes for a single jira, not sure it makes sense.. i defer to you both :)
2018-03-21T14:47:40 <Justin_o> gtirloni, jhung: oddly i can\'t see where the ghpages plugin is used
2018-03-21T14:51:27 * gtirloni has quit
2018-03-21T14:52:39 * jeevan joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:53:01 * gtirloni joined the channel
2018-03-21T14:55:09 <jhung> Justin_o, gtirloni - I\'m about to head into a meeting. I\'ll track this convo but may not be able to respond immediately.
2018-03-21T14:55:22 <gtirloni> no worries
2018-03-21T14:55:51 <Justin_o> jhung, gtirloni: I think i found how to configure it to publish to a different branch.. testing it now
'

