b'2014-06-19T17:48:48 <Justin_o> thanks
2014-06-19T17:48:57 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-19T17:49:02 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-19T17:51:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:00:58 * jessm has quit
2014-06-19T18:08:36 * amilchev has quit
2014-06-19T18:08:36 * anastasiac has quit
2014-06-19T18:08:36 * Bosmon has quit
2014-06-19T18:08:37 * sgithens has quit
2014-06-19T18:10:49 * jessm_ joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:10:49 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:10:49 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:10:49 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:10:49 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:12:36 * jessm_ has quit
2014-06-19T18:12:36 * jessm_ joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:14:51 * jessm_ has quit
2014-06-19T18:14:52 * amilchev has quit
2014-06-19T18:14:52 * anastasiac has quit
2014-06-19T18:14:52 * Bosmon has quit
2014-06-19T18:14:53 * sgithens has quit
2014-06-19T18:16:24 * jessm_ joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:16:24 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:16:24 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:16:24 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:16:24 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:33:18 * jessm_ is now known as jessm
2014-06-19T18:44:09 <cindyli> Justin_o: your pull request for FLUID-5449 has been merged into the project repo
2014-06-19T18:44:23 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks :)
2014-06-19T18:44:31 <cindyli> np
2014-06-19T18:53:29 <michelled> Justin_o: did you notice the build failure?
2014-06-19T18:53:41 <Justin_o> michelled: no :(
2014-06-19T18:54:16 <michelled> hmmm\xe2\x80\xa6 I got a message about a build failure - did you not get one?
2014-06-19T18:54:36 <Justin_o> michelled: now i see the e-mail
2014-06-19T18:55:00 <michelled> ah good. what a huge improvement - to know exactly when the build breaks. :)
2014-06-19T18:55:19 <Justin_o> michelled: and the error message is pretty good too
2014-06-19T18:55:26 <michelled> yeah
2014-06-19T18:57:34 * kasper__ joined the channel
2014-06-19T18:57:41 * michelled has quit
2014-06-19T19:01:45 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-06-19T19:02:03 * kasper__ has quit
2014-06-19T19:02:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you review this pull request, there was a bug in the previous one https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/537
2014-06-19T19:03:54 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o
2014-06-19T19:10:19 * michelled joined the channel
2014-06-19T19:16:54 <cindyli> Justin_o: merged
2014-06-19T19:17:00 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-06-19T19:17:04 <cindyli> np
2014-06-19T20:20:44 * michelled has quit
2014-06-19T20:28:48 * anvk has quit
2014-06-19T20:32:13 * cindyli has quit
2014-06-19T20:34:46 * slee_ joined the channel
2014-06-19T20:35:44 * slee_ has quit
2014-06-19T20:37:36 * jhung has quit
2014-06-19T20:53:52 * clown has left the channel
2014-06-19T20:55:13 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-06-19T21:00:59 * anastasiac has quit
2014-06-19T21:11:03 * yzen has quit
2014-06-19T21:11:54 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-19T21:35:47 * Justin_o has quit
2014-06-19T21:45:37 * yzen joined the channel
2014-06-19T21:49:02 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-19T21:49:50 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-19T21:49:57 * yzen has quit
2014-06-19T21:57:03 * jessm has quit
2014-06-19T21:59:16 * simonjb has quit
2014-06-19T22:15:38 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-06-19T22:47:31 * vjoanna has quit
2014-06-19T23:20:51 * jhernandez has quit
'

b'2014-06-19T00:18:58 * yzen joined the channel
2014-06-19T00:22:55 * yzen has quit
2014-06-19T01:17:23 * yzen joined the channel
2014-06-19T01:48:01 * jhung joined the channel
2014-06-19T01:48:57 * jhung1 joined the channel
2014-06-19T01:50:15 * yzen has quit
2014-06-19T01:52:25 * jhung has quit
2014-06-19T01:56:06 * jhung1 has quit
2014-06-19T02:03:39 * jhung joined the channel
2014-06-19T02:04:50 * jhung has quit
2014-06-19T02:08:03 * jhung joined the channel
2014-06-19T02:13:21 * jhung has quit
2014-06-19T02:48:21 * simonjb has quit
2014-06-19T05:19:29 * yzen joined the channel
2014-06-19T05:23:33 * yzen has quit
2014-06-19T06:46:56 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-06-19T06:49:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-06-19T07:14:32 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-06-19T07:59:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-19T08:18:57 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-19T08:22:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-19T08:49:46 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-19T08:55:37 * slee_ joined the channel
2014-06-19T08:58:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-19T09:33:14 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-19T09:37:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-19T11:10:03 * slee_ has quit
2014-06-19T12:04:06 * michelled joined the channel
2014-06-19T12:13:32 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-06-19T12:23:45 * jhung joined the channel
2014-06-19T12:47:07 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-06-19T12:48:35 <jhung> Justin_o: I got handlebars working \xe2\x80\xa6 even with the old code we had. The only thing significantly different was that I added a Layouts directory and some yaml front matter.
2014-06-19T12:49:06 <Justin_o> jhung: okay.. cool.. i guess it uses the yaml to fill in the templates
2014-06-19T12:49:27 <jhung> Justin_o: then I tried to break it again by removing those parts and it wouldn\'t break. I guess it needed those items before handlebars would work properly? Not sure.
2014-06-19T12:49:46 <Justin_o> jhung: so strange
2014-06-19T12:49:49 <Justin_o> but glad it\'s working now :)
2014-06-19T12:50:04 <jhung> yeah. :)
2014-06-19T12:55:34 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-06-19T13:25:13 * yzen joined the channel
2014-06-19T13:30:16 * amilchev has quit
2014-06-19T13:35:50 * matgio joined the channel
2014-06-19T13:35:55 <matgio> ciao
2014-06-19T13:36:08 <matgio> !list
2014-06-19T13:38:33 * anvk joined the channel
2014-06-19T13:39:37 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'m going to start looking at FLUID-5217, or were you planning on doing that?
2014-06-19T13:40:39 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I\'m fine if you want to take that on
2014-06-19T13:40:41 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-06-19T13:41:07 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay... i\'ll start in on it..
2014-06-19T13:41:11 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I still have to update that jira with the results of yesterday\'s discussion
2014-06-19T13:41:31 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i dropped a link to your post to the fluid-work list in the comments
2014-06-19T13:41:38 <Justin_o> but feel free to add more info there
2014-06-19T13:41:40 <anastasiac> ok, good start
2014-06-19T13:41:46 <Justin_o> i\'m basically working off of your e-mail
2014-06-19T13:54:08 * matgio has left the channel
2014-06-19T13:56:07 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-06-19T13:57:12 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-06-19T14:00:11 * michelled has quit
2014-06-19T14:03:42 * clown joined the channel
2014-06-19T14:03:51 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-06-19T14:04:22 * michelled joined the channel
2014-06-19T14:21:28 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-06-19T14:23:11 * jessm joined the channel
2014-06-19T14:23:40 <anastasiac> Justin_o, FYI, I\'ve commented on the FLUID-5217 jira with my understanding of the new folder hierarchy, just as a double-check. Let me know if what I wrote is not what you understood :-)
2014-06-19T14:24:00 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-19T14:25:50 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks, i\'ll take a look
2014-06-19T14:26:46 <Justin_o> anastasiac: that looks more or less correct
2014-06-19T14:26:58 <anastasiac> good :-)
2014-06-19T14:42:21 <cindyli> anastasiac, Justin_o, on the doc plan, all the docs that are ready to be converted have been converted. what else can I help?
2014-06-19T14:43:43 <Justin_o> michelled: will you be able to look at my https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/536 pull request, or would it be better to have cindyli do this?
2014-06-19T14:44:34 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'m in the process of moving the directories around for FLUID-5217, if you haven\'t found anything to do, you can help me with the other clean up work for this once the directories are in place.
2014-06-19T14:44:42 <anastasiac> good question, cindyli. I wonder if we should return to the various framework pages that needed some work, and try to address those issues so that we can get that information into the new repository. Justin_o, simonjb, michelled what do you think?
2014-06-19T14:45:33 <Justin_o> anastasiac: if there isn\'t anything of higher precedence, i think it makes sense to get as much of the docs moved over as possible
2014-06-19T14:47:23 <simonjb> there are a couple of review tasks to be done: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5324 (How To Guides) and http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5383 (Component API pages) are either of those something that you could look at cindyli?
2014-06-19T14:47:48 <simonjb> or do those need Bosmon?
2014-06-19T14:49:30 * slee_ joined the channel
2014-06-19T14:49:38 <simonjb> I\'m thinking the reviewing the component API docs would be higher priority after our discussion yesterday about avoiding sending people to the wiki -- our converted docs have some links to component API pages
2014-06-19T14:50:54 * clown_mtg is now known as clonw
2014-06-19T14:50:59 * clonw is now known as clown
2014-06-19T14:51:30 <cindyli> simonjb, anastasiac, Justin_o, i\'m going to review the API pages for prefs framework
2014-06-19T14:52:38 <simonjb> cindyli: which pages are those?
2014-06-19T14:52:46 <cindyli> http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/User+Interface+Options+API
2014-06-19T14:53:04 <cindyli> and this: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/UI+Enhancer
2014-06-19T14:53:37 <simonjb> cindyli: ok great, thanks
2014-06-19T14:54:02 <cindyli> np. thank you, simonjb
2014-06-19T14:54:31 <jhernandez> hey guys
2014-06-19T14:54:32 <simonjb> I\'ll add a section to http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Infusion+Documentation+Plan to track review and conversion status
2014-06-19T14:54:45 <jhernandez> does anyone has super powers on gotomeeting?
2014-06-19T14:54:45 <simonjb> of component api pages
2014-06-19T14:59:47 <slee_> Bosmon: hi
2014-06-19T15:00:05 <michelled> Justin_o: if cindyli can look at your pull request, that would be better
2014-06-19T15:00:26 <Justin_o> michelled: okay.. thanks
2014-06-19T15:00:27 <cindyli> ok, will do that, michelled & Justin_o
2014-06-19T15:00:31 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-06-19T15:00:32 <michelled> thx
2014-06-19T15:00:33 <cindyli> np
2014-06-19T15:02:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-19T15:04:18 <slee_> guys wha twas the solution to the \'The grade hierarchy of component Xxxxx is incomplete\' error? It was caused by 2 copies of infusion if I recall?
2014-06-19T15:04:45 <slee_> Thanos of Cloud4All is getting it when tried to automate a windows build
2014-06-19T15:05:59 <jhernandez> slee_: yes
2014-06-19T15:06:29 <slee_> jhernandez: and the solution is?
2014-06-19T15:06:43 <jhernandez> slee_: amilchev already answered to Thanos
2014-06-19T15:06:50 <slee_> do a clean install
2014-06-19T15:06:56 <simonjb> cindyli, anastasiac, Justin_o, michelled: I\'ve added a new section to the Docs Plan for tracking Component API pages (and put you down, cindyli, for UIO and UI Enhancer) http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Infusion+Documentation+Plan
2014-06-19T15:07:16 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks
2014-06-19T15:07:20 <slee_> jhernandez: oh, great!
2014-06-19T15:07:21 <jhernandez> slee_: and removing extra copies of infusion
2014-06-19T15:07:26 <cindyli> that helps, thanks, simonjb
2014-06-19T15:07:45 <slee_> I must have lag some place. Glad it is sorted
2014-06-19T15:11:58 * slee_ has quit
2014-06-19T15:21:11 <amilchev> Justin_o: quick one: how can I reference this selector https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/blob/master/src/shared/adjusters/js/cursorSizePCP.js#L30 from prefsEditor component?
2014-06-19T15:22:04 <Justin_o> amilchev: can you show me where you want to reference it from?
2014-06-19T15:23:22 <amilchev> Justin_o: https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/blob/master/src/shared/adjusters/js/prefsEditor.js#L17-L158
2014-06-19T15:24:17 <amilchev> Justin_o: in fact I\'ve added a model listener - that\'s where I actually want to reference it from (perhaps doesn\'t matter exactly)
2014-06-19T15:24:18 <Justin_o> amilchev: hmm why did you need to reference it there?
2014-06-19T15:25:23 <amilchev> Justin_o: what I\'m trying to do is emit websockets message instantly after a change in the adjusters
2014-06-19T15:25:52 * clown has quit
2014-06-19T15:25:58 <amilchev> Justin_o: I\'m looking at the slider in more detail because sliding it from bottom to top fires about 30 model changed events
2014-06-19T15:26:42 <amilchev> Justin_o: so I want to use jquery\'s mousedown for this (emit message after mouse down, not 30 times)
2014-06-19T15:26:51 <Justin_o> amilchev: okay, but the adjusters used by the prefsEditor is defined by the auxiliary schema, so the prefs editor doesn\'t know ahead of time if it will actually be there
2014-06-19T15:27:25 <Justin_o> amilchev: I believe there is a way to make the model change events transactional. so you get one for a series of changes.. cindyli do you know more details on this?
2014-06-19T15:27:29 * kasper__ joined the channel
2014-06-19T15:29:00 <anastasiac> jhung, I\'m just reviewing cindyli\'s translation of your font icon tutorial into markdown, and I\'m reminded of what a useful, thorough tutorial that is - well done!
2014-06-19T15:29:23 <anastasiac> cindli, I\'ve finished another round of review on your docs pull request and left a few comments
2014-06-19T15:29:31 <jhung> anastasiac: thanks. :)
2014-06-19T15:30:04 <amilchev> Justin_o: something like that would be really helpful
2014-06-19T15:30:36 * michelled has quit
2014-06-19T15:31:05 * michelled joined the channel
2014-06-19T15:32:10 <cindyli> amilchev, Justin_o: i\'m not sure if the transactional listener would help.
2014-06-19T15:34:20 <amilchev> cindyli, Justin_o do you guys have any better suggestions for this :/
2014-06-19T15:37:44 * vjoanna has quit
2014-06-19T15:39:13 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-06-19T15:41:14 * clown joined the channel
2014-06-19T15:44:55 <cindyli> amilchev: is your slider an instance of "fluid.textfieldSlider.slider"?
2014-06-19T15:50:09 <cindyli> amilchev: "fluid.textfieldSlider" is binding the model change on "slide" event, which is triggered at every mouse move during slide: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/textfieldSlider/js/TextfieldSlider.js#L176-L178
2014-06-19T15:53:11 <cindyli> btw, "slide" event is the one event coming from jquery slider. oiur "fluid.textfieldSlider" is using jquery slider internally. probably what you need is to bind with another jquery slider event such as "stop" - http://api.jqueryui.com/slider/#event-change
2014-06-19T15:53:30 <cindyli> or "change"
2014-06-19T15:53:54 <cindyli> an example of jquery slider events: http://www.devcurry.com/2011/03/jquery-ui-slider-events-example.html
2014-06-19T16:15:31 * vjoanna has quit
2014-06-19T16:16:31 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-06-19T16:36:11 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-19T16:41:03 * jhernandez has quit
2014-06-19T16:46:59 * michelled has quit
2014-06-19T17:02:44 * michelled joined the channel
2014-06-19T17:04:36 * danaayotte has quit
2014-06-19T17:21:31 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-06-19T17:42:55 <simonjb> anastasiac: I\'ve updated https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/16 based on your comments
2014-06-19T17:43:10 <anastasiac> thanks, simonjb
2014-06-19T17:47:04 * kasper__ has quit
2014-06-19T17:48:22 <Justin_o> cindyli: I\'ve made the changes to my FLUID-5449 pull request
2014-06-19T17:48:44 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o, will take a look
'

