b"2014-07-30T16:47:13 <michelled> these are questions for Dana. Can you compile them and CC the UX list?
2014-07-30T16:48:15 <amilchev> michelled I suggest we discuss them first on tomorrow's meeting and then, if needed, I can send a mail with some explanation
2014-07-30T16:48:42 <amilchev> since it's getting pretty late in Bulgaria and I was supposed to leave office 2-3 hours ago ..
2014-07-30T16:48:42 <Justin_o> amilchev: dana is away till next week, so we probably won't get an answer on it then
2014-07-30T16:48:43 <michelled> Dana will not be at tomorrow's meeting. I'm not sure you'll get the answers you need.
2014-07-30T16:48:50 <amilchev> oh.....
2014-07-30T16:52:02 <amilchev> michelled I think it's not only a matter of design, but also what functionality is realistic to be implemented given the time frame and all other tasks
2014-07-30T16:52:44 <michelled> yes, it will need to be a conversation for sure
2014-07-30T16:52:48 <amilchev> michelled Justin_o I suppose we can continue discussing this tomorrow, I have to leave now
2014-07-30T16:52:54 <amilchev> sure..
2014-07-30T16:53:14 <amilchev> bye for now
2014-07-30T16:53:21 <Justin_o> amilchev: talk to you tomorrow
2014-07-30T16:53:42 * amilchev has left the channel
2014-07-30T16:58:01 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2014-07-30T17:04:45 <kasparnet> Justin_o, amilchev, michelled: I'm worried about the scope as well - there is a lot of work to do for alex still and a very limited amount of time to do it in.. So keeping things simple would be good
2014-07-30T17:07:06 * michelled has quit
2014-07-30T17:09:33 * yzen has quit
2014-07-30T17:28:16 * cindyli1 has quit
2014-07-30T17:30:42 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-07-30T18:00:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T18:00:33 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T18:14:09 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2014-07-30T18:15:30 * slim_ has quit
2014-07-30T18:16:54 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-07-30T18:18:36 <Justin_o> kasparnet: +1
2014-07-30T18:18:36 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-07-30T18:21:00 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2014-07-30T18:22:52 * cindyli has quit
2014-07-30T18:27:50 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: please let me know if you'd like to join the community meeting remotely.
2014-07-30T18:28:17 <Justin_o> we'll be doing doc and or jira related clean up
2014-07-30T18:30:10 * michelled joined the channel
2014-07-30T18:30:13 * cindyli1 has quit
2014-07-30T18:41:47 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-07-30T18:41:47 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-30T18:42:48 * kasparnet has quit
2014-07-30T18:48:53 <Justin_o> avtar: what do you think about redirects for confluence pages.
2014-07-30T18:49:48 <Justin_o> avtar: we have 3 options so far 1) delete the content of the wiki page and just put a link to the new page there 2) install a plugin to confluence that will provide a macro to do this via javascript 3) add redirects on the server itself
2014-07-30T18:53:16 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T18:58:46 <cindyli> michelled, Justin_o, Bosmon8, all the feedback for FLOE-194 (https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/28) have been addressed and ready for another look.
2014-07-30T19:00:38 <cindyli> Bosmon8: the pull request for FLOE-171 (https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/25) is ready for the next round too
2014-07-30T19:05:42 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T19:07:30 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T19:08:37 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T19:10:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T19:16:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T19:16:24 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T19:17:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T19:17:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T19:19:36 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T19:32:16 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T19:34:14 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T19:36:55 <avtar> Justin_o: one sec
2014-07-30T19:39:54 <avtar> Justin_o: how many pages would we be doing this for?
2014-07-30T19:41:07 * simonjb has quit
2014-07-30T19:41:58 * cindyli has quit
2014-07-30T19:44:06 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-07-30T19:53:03 <Justin_o> avtar: at the moment.. i think about 40.. but there will probably be more
2014-07-30T19:53:40 <Justin_o> avtar: simon, anastasiac, cindyli and I were talking about it in the community meeting today. we're leaning towards the server side redirect.
2014-07-30T19:56:05 * cindyli has quit
2014-07-30T19:56:07 <Justin_o> simon suggested having this redirect config in github.. is that all possible
2014-07-30T19:56:54 * anastasiac has quit
2014-07-30T19:58:40 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-07-30T20:09:34 <avtar> maintaining the redirects in github should be fine
2014-07-30T20:10:25 <avtar> my concern would be this list growing beyond 40 redirects and then have a web server process a growing list for each incoming request
2014-07-30T20:25:34 * anvk has quit
2014-07-30T20:25:53 <Bosmon8> Justin_o - option 1) is the sane one
2014-07-30T20:27:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon8, avtar: i have to run now sorry, but I'm fine with whatever you think is most appropriate
2014-07-30T20:27:34 <Bosmon8> Let's not stress our limited sysadmin and Confluence management resources
2014-07-30T20:41:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-07-30T20:46:46 * kasparnet has quit
2014-07-30T20:49:08 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-07-30T20:55:04 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T20:57:22 * clown has quit
2014-07-30T21:02:22 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T21:09:14 * jessm has quit
2014-07-30T21:19:23 * anastasiac has quit
2014-07-30T21:33:22 * Bosmon8 has quit
2014-07-30T22:15:08 * yzen has quit
2014-07-30T22:19:31 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T22:23:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T22:24:26 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-30T22:25:05 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T22:35:56 * Justin_o has quit
2014-07-30T22:42:31 * michelled has quit
2014-07-30T22:48:58 * yzen has quit
2014-07-30T22:52:30 * michelled joined the channel
2014-07-30T22:53:45 * kasparnet has quit
2014-07-30T22:57:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-07-30T22:57:21 * kasparnet has quit
2014-07-30T23:20:18 * colinclark has quit
2014-07-30T23:28:05 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
"

b'2014-07-30T01:04:11 * danaayotte has quit
2014-07-30T01:09:52 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-30T01:21:07 * yzen has quit
2014-07-30T02:40:03 * amilchev has quit
2014-07-30T02:44:16 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-07-30T02:55:58 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-07-30T07:03:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-07-30T08:30:08 * colinclark has quit
2014-07-30T09:40:34 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2014-07-30T09:42:08 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2014-07-30T09:42:08 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2014-07-30T09:46:51 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-07-30T10:19:36 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-07-30T11:21:22 * Bosmon8 has quit
2014-07-30T11:36:31 * kasparnet has quit
2014-07-30T11:43:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-07-30T11:52:59 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-07-30T12:00:49 * danaayotte has quit
2014-07-30T12:02:01 * kasparnet has quit
2014-07-30T12:10:14 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-30T12:13:21 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-07-30T12:40:01 * michelled joined the channel
2014-07-30T12:42:03 * yzen has quit
2014-07-30T12:46:42 * jessm joined the channel
2014-07-30T12:52:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-07-30T12:53:11 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-07-30T12:54:57 <Justin_o> cindyli: i just updated the FLOE-206 pull request. Hopefully the errors are gone now.
2014-07-30T12:55:33 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o, will take a look now
2014-07-30T12:56:14 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-07-30T12:58:20 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2014-07-30T13:00:22 * cindyli has quit
2014-07-30T13:12:39 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-30T13:18:46 * avtar joined the channel
2014-07-30T13:20:31 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-07-30T13:26:07 * slim_ has quit
2014-07-30T13:29:54 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-07-30T13:34:08 * slim__ joined the channel
2014-07-30T13:37:44 * slim_ has quit
2014-07-30T13:40:55 * anvk joined the channel
2014-07-30T13:44:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T14:05:50 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-07-30T14:34:44 <jhernandez> Bosmon7: Bosmon Joseph and I have addressed your latest comments on https://github.com/GPII/linux/pull/49
2014-07-30T14:34:47 <jhernandez> :*
2014-07-30T14:35:09 * clown joined the channel
2014-07-30T14:41:47 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T14:43:51 <Bosmon7> Oldest trick in the book that, jhernandez, changing the code without addressing the comments : P
2014-07-30T14:44:58 <jhernandez> hahaha
2014-07-30T14:45:58 <jhernandez> Bosmon7: actually it\'s clown\'s, but I like that kind of "attention" to me :P
2014-07-30T14:46:18 <clown> ?
2014-07-30T14:47:23 <jhernandez> clown: https://github.com/GPII/linux/pull/49/files#r15587481
2014-07-30T14:49:08 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T14:53:04 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T14:54:15 * kasparnet has quit
2014-07-30T15:01:31 <cindyli1> hi, Bosmon7
2014-07-30T15:01:53 <Bosmon7> Hi cindyli1
2014-07-30T15:04:17 <cindyli1> Bosmon7: i wonder how fluid.globalDismissal() works. currently, this function is only called once when the dialog is instantiated. it seems the dismissFunc only takes effect at the first dialog open, not for the following dialog opens
2014-07-30T15:04:37 <cindyli1> i wonder if the dismissFunc is unbinded after the first triggering?
2014-07-30T15:04:43 <Bosmon7> cindyli1 - yes, it is
2014-07-30T15:04:53 <Bosmon7> It needs to be registered for every time the dialog is opened
2014-07-30T15:05:01 <cindyli1> ok
2014-07-30T15:05:32 <cindyli1> another thing with fluid.globalDismissal() is it doesn\'t catch the clicks in the iframe
2014-07-30T15:06:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-07-30T15:06:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-07-30T15:06:40 <jhernandez> clown: do you need any help from me to address those latests comments?
2014-07-30T15:07:14 <clown> jhernandez:  no, I don\'t think so.  I\'ve covered two of them, and starting on the third.
2014-07-30T15:07:22 <clown> do you need to go somewhere?
2014-07-30T15:07:30 <jhernandez> ok
2014-07-30T15:07:52 <jhernandez> nope, I\'m staying here
2014-07-30T15:08:51 <jhernandez> but have to run out after the architecture meeting
2014-07-30T15:09:34 <clown> Well, we\'ll see how far I get.
2014-07-30T15:09:51 <clown> I might finish it before the arch meeting, but I\'m not certain.
2014-07-30T15:23:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T15:24:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-07-30T15:27:58 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T15:30:38 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-30T15:33:55 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2014-07-30T15:35:33 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-30T15:42:54 * slim__ has quit
2014-07-30T15:54:36 <amilchev> hi Justin_o
2014-07-30T15:55:04 <amilchev> what I\'m trying to do is the following
2014-07-30T15:56:24 <amilchev> currently I\'ve made PCP rendering as a random subset of PMT, basing on common terms included in a prefs set
2014-07-30T15:57:02 <amilchev> now I\'m trying to make things more dynamic by being able to render adjusters that do not belong to the set of adjusters in PMT
2014-07-30T15:58:33 <amilchev> in other words, trying to render adjuster basing on info like, let\'s say, "I need a textfieldStepper with min 0, max 100 and step 10 with name "someName", label for it "someLabel" ... etc"
2014-07-30T15:59:03 <amilchev> by populating primarySchema, auxSchema and adjuster panel dynamically
2014-07-30T15:59:44 <amilchev> for now I\'ve added the HTML part of the adujsters (div in group template + template file for adjuster) manually
2014-07-30T16:01:06 <amilchev> you can see that all textfieldSteppers (for instance) have pretty much the same data
2014-07-30T16:02:32 <amilchev> you see these are pretty much the same: 1) https://github.com/radmanovi4/prefsEditors/blob/gpii-543/src/shared/schemas/js/pcpSchema.js#L187-L206 and 2) https://github.com/radmanovi4/prefsEditors/blob/gpii-543/src/shared/schemas/js/pcpSchema.js#L145-L164
2014-07-30T16:03:03 <amilchev> it\'s only the name "volume" and "voicePitch" that is different
2014-07-30T16:03:52 <amilchev> situation is the same in the adjuster panels: 1) https://github.com/radmanovi4/prefsEditors/blob/gpii-543/src/shared/adjusters/js/Panels.js#L169-L205 and 2) https://github.com/radmanovi4/prefsEditors/blob/gpii-543/src/shared/adjusters/js/Panels.js#L67-L103
2014-07-30T16:04:58 <amilchev> focusing on the question now, related to populating auxSchema data (like the upper links, e.g. https://github.com/radmanovi4/prefsEditors/blob/gpii-543/src/shared/schemas/js/pcpSchema.js#L187-L206 )
2014-07-30T16:06:46 <kasparnet> colinclark: will you be joining the arch. meeting?
2014-07-30T16:06:56 <colinclark> yeah
2014-07-30T16:06:57 <colinclark> ish
2014-07-30T16:07:00 <colinclark> be there in a sec
2014-07-30T16:07:10 <kasparnet> Bosmon, Bosmon7: &
2014-07-30T16:07:13 <kasparnet> ^*
2014-07-30T16:08:31 <amilchev> Justin_o instead of "voicePitch" right there, how can I evaluate a variable containing the name of the new adjuster that I\'ll be making? e.g. var newAdjusterName = "johnDoe" (this is info received from MM) and I want to put option newAdjusterName (instead of voicePitch in the link) - how can I evaluate the variable there?
2014-07-30T16:10:01 <Justin_o> amilchev: in your last example do you mean "voicePitch" in line 192 or 196?
2014-07-30T16:10:28 <amilchev> Justin_o: 196
2014-07-30T16:12:57 <Justin_o> amilchev: i\'m not sure i\'m still fully understanding why this is needed.. i\'ll probably have to see it in action..
2014-07-30T16:13:10 <Justin_o> amilchev: hmm. where are you getting the value for "voicePitch" from?
2014-07-30T16:14:52 <amilchev> Justin_o: this is how me & Chris have decided to name the adjuster in auxSchema for the  common term "pitch"
2014-07-30T16:15:07 <amilchev> Justin_o: you can see the transformation to primarySchema naming here https://github.com/radmanovi4/prefsEditors/blob/gpii-543/src/shared/common/GpiiStore.js#L65-L72
2014-07-30T16:15:21 <Justin_o> amilchev: sorry.. i mean.. when you use it dynamically.. where does the value for that come from
2014-07-30T16:16:25 <amilchev> Justin_o: currently the info for what PCP should render comes from https://github.com/radmanovi4/prefsEditors/blob/gpii-543/demos/prefsEditor/pcp.html#L117-L142
2014-07-30T16:17:46 <Justin_o> amilchev: do you have code for generating the schemas somewhere?
2014-07-30T16:18:04 <Justin_o> how you convert the data you have there into a schema
2014-07-30T16:19:03 <amilchev> Justin_o: here are the components adding auxSchema data for each adjuster https://github.com/radmanovi4/prefsEditors/blob/gpii-543/src/shared/schemas/js/pcpSchema.js
2014-07-30T16:19:22 <amilchev> and they all get merged here https://github.com/radmanovi4/prefsEditors/blob/gpii-543/src/pcp/js/starter.js#L123
2014-07-30T16:19:55 <amilchev> after some additional check is made (determineAdditionalGradeNames function - it\'s not relevant to the question, tell me if you need to ask what it does..)
2014-07-30T16:21:31 <amilchev> this is all for auxSchema, so that PCP shows only the adjusters the prefs set tells it to show. In order to put the values of the adjusters, the primarySchema should be made dynamic as well (currently it\'s showing default values, these default values can be changed with the values in the prefs set)
2014-07-30T16:23:22 <amilchev> you can consider the word "dynamic" as "dynamically constructing subset of PMT"..
2014-07-30T16:24:18 <amilchev> since these are all adusters we have so far - now I\'m looking for how to make new adjusters, not the "hard coded" ones from PMT only..
2014-07-30T16:24:34 <Justin_o> amilchev: so if understand this correctly, you take the data that says what adjusters are needed and their values, and transform this into an object that has names that match the grades for your individual schema grades? You grab these names, and add some missing items and add them all as grade names to your new auxiliary schema? is that all correct?
2014-07-30T16:25:21 <amilchev> Justin_o exactly
2014-07-30T16:25:33 <Justin_o> amilchev: okay.. cool.. good i think i have the base then..
2014-07-30T16:25:59 <Justin_o> amilchev: okay.. so that part covers all the existing adjusters i take it.. can you explain what you mean by wanting to make new adjusters
2014-07-30T16:26:03 <amilchev> it\'s written with emphasize on functionality, I suppose there is a more clever way to be done that I haven\'t thought of
2014-07-30T16:26:04 <Justin_o> how do you know what to make
2014-07-30T16:26:15 <amilchev> ok
2014-07-30T16:27:03 <amilchev> correct me if I\'m wrong: MM will probably send not only common term adjusters, but application specific as well
2014-07-30T16:28:09 <amilchev> not only http://registry.gpii.org/common/...     but    http://registry.gpii.org/applications/...      as well I guess..
2014-07-30T16:29:22 <amilchev> I\'ve naively assumed that all such adjusters can be represented as one of the following: on/off toggler, checkbox, textfieldStepper, textfieldSlider, radio buttons
2014-07-30T16:29:37 <amilchev> given that this is true
2014-07-30T16:30:39 <amilchev> and given that all adjusters that belong to the same group of those 5, are relatively identical (with naming differences in both infusion components and html markups)
2014-07-30T16:32:01 <Justin_o> amilchev: it seems likely, but i\'m not sure that it\'s true...
2014-07-30T16:32:22 <amilchev> I was wandering if with info like: "render me a checkbox adjuster with value true, label "sth", description "desc" ... etc" I could dynamically create all info for this adjuster (by "all" here I mean as much as I can)
2014-07-30T16:32:51 <Justin_o> amilchev: however, lets just assume that it is for now.. so how do you match a given preference to a specific adjuster?
2014-07-30T16:33:11 <Justin_o> amilchev: would that come from the MM?
2014-07-30T16:33:15 <amilchev> I suppose that\'s MM\'s job
2014-07-30T16:33:17 <amilchev> isn\'t it?
2014-07-30T16:33:48 <amilchev> I mean obviously there are plenty of stuff that need to be discussed, I just had a quick try to see if I can do this without TOO much effort or not
2014-07-30T16:35:04 <amilchev> I suppose PCP\'s job would be to 1) render UI for this new adjuster with info from MM and 2) whenever user tweaks it, to send the new model to the FM (as PCP always does..)
2014-07-30T16:35:28 <Justin_o> amilchev: okay.. i\'m not sure that is the MM, it seems like a design issue. I mean as long as the value gets set correctly back and forth.. i don\'t think the matchmaker should care what the UI is.
2014-07-30T16:36:05 <amilchev> yeah, you can consider "info fom MM" as "info that PCP receives and doesn\'t care where it came from"
2014-07-30T16:37:07 <amilchev> this is all part of the question "what info does PCP need to render its UI" that we had yesterday..
2014-07-30T16:37:21 <Justin_o> amilchev: are we getting enough info to create a primarySchema for these preferences?
2014-07-30T16:37:30 <Justin_o> amilchev: yes. true
2014-07-30T16:37:51 <amilchev> Justin_o: if it\'s only common terms preferences, yes
2014-07-30T16:38:13 <Justin_o> amilchev: anyways i figure if we can construct the primarySchemas we should be able to infer from the "type" what sort of adjuster would be usable...
2014-07-30T16:38:13 <amilchev> Justin_o: if it\'s application specific prefs.. like this http://preferences.gpii.net/user/carla
2014-07-30T16:38:52 <amilchev> then there is no ready adjuster for it and should be created by pcp somehow
2014-07-30T16:39:08 <Justin_o> amilchev: on second thought.. I think we\'d have to be able to create a primary schema.. if we don\'t have one, we won\'t know the defaults and bounds for the adjuster
2014-07-30T16:39:44 <Justin_o> are the application specific prefs published to a registry?
2014-07-30T16:39:59 <amilchev> I don\'t know..
2014-07-30T16:42:38 <amilchev> I suppose the key question here is how "dynamic" do we want PCP to render its adusters
2014-07-30T16:42:59 <amilchev> untill the end of october
2014-07-30T16:43:39 <Justin_o> amilchev: yes.. that\'s a good question.. maybe kasparnet or michelled have an idea about that
2014-07-30T16:45:22 <amilchev> do we want it to show only (dynamic) subset of common terms? Or do we want it to show practically anything that is asked from it (e.g. group with name X with adjuster with name Y, label Z, description U, font icon V....) :)
2014-07-30T16:47:09 <amilchev> I\'m afraid that given the deadline October 31st common terms subset is FAR more realistic...
'

