b'2014-06-12T19:22:17 <clown> uh-oh, Justin_o
2014-06-12T19:22:19 * clown looks.
2014-06-12T19:23:32 <Justin_o> colinclark, Bosmon, michelled, and fluid-everyone: can you look at the proposal i made on the fluid-work list about what will be considered as blockers for the Infusion 1.5 release. http://fluid.2324889.n4.nabble.com/Release-status-JIRAs-td9079.html (last e-mail in the thread currently).
2014-06-12T19:23:47 <Justin_o> it\'d be great to get feedback ASAP
2014-06-12T19:23:55 * mejsullivan joined the channel
2014-06-12T19:25:16 <clown> Justin_o:  we\'ve used "@" informally in emails and proposed text to mean that it\'s an attribute and to indicate "this needs to be replaced with the correct tags with the correct classes and href".  I have yet to see it in actual final spec text.
2014-06-12T19:25:19 <cindyli> Justin_o: the wrapping issue is fixed and pushed up to the pull request for 4967
2014-06-12T19:26:46 <Justin_o> clown: thanks for letting me know.. my only worry of it in the spec is that it will get used as part of the name of the attribute when people are adding it to the markup.
2014-06-12T19:26:59 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks, i\'ll take another look.. i
2014-06-12T19:27:08 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2014-06-12T19:27:15 <Justin_o> i\'ll be going home soon though.. so you may need to setup your own merge branch.. is that okay?
2014-06-12T19:27:28 <cindyli> no problem
2014-06-12T19:28:01 * colinclark has quit
2014-06-12T19:29:27 <clown> Justin_o:  that\'s a good point.  I\'ve noticed, however, that the @form is used only in the definition of the concept.  For example, within the section on aria-busy, it\'s referred to as "@aria-busy", but other aria-* in that section do not have an "@".  Perhaps it\'s meant to visually indicate "this is the attribute we discussing right now".
2014-06-12T19:29:36 * clown checks the core-aam.
2014-06-12T19:31:46 <clown> Justin_o:  no odd @ signs in the core-aam.
2014-06-12T19:32:09 <Justin_o> clown: thanks for checking
2014-06-12T19:32:28 <clown> and, as for a lists of roles supported by various platforms, I know of nothing that gives the information either easily or is complete.
2014-06-12T19:32:46 <Justin_o> cindyli: i have to run, but preliminary tests look good for your latests changes
2014-06-12T19:33:03 <cindyli> cool. thanks, Justin_o
2014-06-12T19:33:07 <cindyli> have a good night
2014-06-12T19:33:09 <clown> There is the aria 1.0 test report, which could be scoured to see what is handled by browsers.  But, it\'s a lot of work...
2014-06-12T19:33:52 <Justin_o> clown: ah okay.. thanks for letting me know..
2014-06-12T19:34:07 <clown> maybe you could create one  :-)
2014-06-12T19:34:13 <Justin_o> clown: is that info online somewhere in case i need to find something?
2014-06-12T19:34:20 <Justin_o> clown: :) that\'s always an idea
2014-06-12T19:35:34 <clown> Justin_o: yes, but my browser is suddenly is spinnning beach ball mode.  Just a second.
2014-06-12T19:35:54 <clown> https://www.w3.org/WAI/PF/testharness/testreport?testsuite_id=1
2014-06-12T19:35:56 <Justin_o> clown: thanks.. i have to run, but i should be able to get it from the channel tomorrow if you drop a link here
2014-06-12T19:35:57 <Justin_o> oh thanks
2014-06-12T19:36:09 <clown> If we want a description drop be my office (too much to type).
2014-06-12T19:36:17 <clown> *If you ...
2014-06-12T19:36:34 <Justin_o> clown: thanks, will do
2014-06-12T19:54:49 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-12T20:02:39 * anvk has quit
2014-06-12T20:08:50 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-12T20:15:43 * michelled joined the channel
2014-06-12T20:22:53 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-12T20:28:35 * jhung has quit
2014-06-12T20:31:20 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-12T20:36:03 * clown has quit
2014-06-12T20:38:00 * cindyli has quit
2014-06-12T20:42:42 * jameswy1 has quit
2014-06-12T21:10:06 * yzen has quit
2014-06-12T21:14:12 * anastasiac has quit
2014-06-12T21:15:16 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-06-12T21:16:49 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-06-12T21:35:58 * michelled has quit
2014-06-12T21:38:19 * jhernandez has quit
2014-06-12T21:43:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-12T21:45:45 * Justin_o has quit
2014-06-12T22:10:42 * mejsullivan has quit
2014-06-12T22:15:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-06-12T22:31:24 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-06-12T22:32:50 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-12T22:43:23 * jessm has quit
2014-06-12T22:52:16 * vjoanna has quit
'

b'2014-06-12T15:49:15 <Bosmon> I am working on it as we speak
2014-06-12T15:49:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: excellent, thanks
2014-06-12T15:49:28 <jhernandez> do you mean if you should update? or what?
2014-06-12T15:49:43 <clown> jhernandez:  partly.
2014-06-12T15:49:59 <clown> I meant I hadn\'t see it before, and am just seeing it now.
2014-06-12T15:50:07 <clown> Is it part of universal?  Or linux?
2014-06-12T15:50:22 <clown> I might be looking in the wrong place.
2014-06-12T15:51:04 <jhernandez> linux/pull/49 is the linux side of the stuff we want to get ready by Crete
2014-06-12T15:51:30 <jhernandez> it includes all the packageKit stuff we\'ve been working on
2014-06-12T15:51:40 <jhernandez> :)
2014-06-12T15:51:42 <vjoanna> anastasiac danaayotte : there\'s a little bit of thought on metadata feedback  with the metadat search mockups  http://wiki.fluidproject.org/download/attachments/37855787/metadata-search.pdf?version=2&modificationDate=1397773922220&api=v2 on page 5  and some with earlier floe designs http://wiki.fluidproject.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=27495218 with submitting a narration request
2014-06-12T15:51:56 <clown> okay,  But I\'m looking at my local copy of linux/javihernandez/device-reporter-draft-2, and I don\'t see it.  Maybe I\'m blind.  *looks again*
2014-06-12T15:52:08 <jhernandez> clown: it\'s that same branch
2014-06-12T15:52:10 <jhernandez> xDD
2014-06-12T15:52:24 <anastasiac> vjoanna, that\'s great - thanks
2014-06-12T15:52:32 <jhernandez> I meeean, linux/pull/49 is my linux/javihernandez/device-reporter-draft-2
2014-06-12T15:53:16 <clown> d\'oh!
2014-06-12T15:53:20 * clown slaps forehead.
2014-06-12T15:54:21 * slee_ has quit
2014-06-12T15:54:38 <clown> right.  what\'s next, jhernandez?
2014-06-12T15:54:44 <jhernandez> xDD
2014-06-12T15:55:01 <jhernandez> clown: I\'m addressing the forEach comment
2014-06-12T15:55:40 <clown> ah, okay.  I\'ll make sure my local copies of "draft2" are all up to date.
2014-06-12T15:55:53 <Justin_o> clown: when you have time, what\'s the correct way to handle a text field that autocorrects the contents... in regards to aria... so we have a text field that you can enter a number in, if the index is out of range it will correct to the closest valid value.
2014-06-12T15:56:49 <anastasiac> Justin_o, pull request updated - hopefully for the last time!
2014-06-12T15:57:00 <Justin_o> anastasiac: :) thanks
2014-06-12T15:57:36 <clown> Justin_o:  I\'ve read the question.  I\'ll get back to you.
2014-06-12T15:58:10 <jhernandez> clown: done -> https://github.com/javihernandez/universal/commit/398b48af5b40b54337acc2f667e238f6a5b771ff
2014-06-12T15:58:58 * clown looks.
2014-06-12T15:59:12 <clown> jhernandez: got it.  now it makes sense.
2014-06-12T15:59:16 <Justin_o> anastasiac: it looks good
2014-06-12T15:59:51 <clown> jhernandez:  <nitpick>did you run it through jshint?</nitpick>
2014-06-12T15:59:56 <clown> ignore me...
2014-06-12T16:00:09 <jhernandez> hjahahaha
2014-06-12T16:00:17 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i left a comment on the pull request that it is ready to be merged
2014-06-12T16:00:22 <clown> I just did.  It passed with flying colours.
2014-06-12T16:00:35 <anastasiac> Thanks, Justin_o
2014-06-12T16:02:45 <jhernandez> clown: ok, thanks
2014-06-12T16:04:31 <clown> you\'re welcome jhernandez.
2014-06-12T16:05:55 <jhernandez> btw, I wanted to briefly chat about "device reporter plugins + the requirements we\'ve collected about it"
2014-06-12T16:06:09 <clown> jhernandez:  I\'m here.
2014-06-12T16:06:14 <clown> go ahead
2014-06-12T16:06:32 <clown> where are the collected requirements?
2014-06-12T16:06:33 <jhernandez> ok, should we move to a text-based skype chat?
2014-06-12T16:06:46 <clown> sure, let me get my headphones...
2014-06-12T16:06:57 <jhernandez> for the sake of the other people here in the channel
2014-06-12T16:07:12 <jhernandez> clown: I\'m ok with a text-based meeting
2014-06-12T16:07:29 <jhernandez> either on skype or privately on irc
2014-06-12T16:07:54 <clown> I gotcha.  either one is okay with me.
2014-06-12T16:08:10 * clown puts down headphones.
2014-06-12T16:08:23 <clown> ;-)
2014-06-12T16:10:15 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I found one final bad link in your pull request
2014-06-12T16:11:41 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks, i\'ll take a look at that
2014-06-12T16:14:07 * jameswy1 has quit
2014-06-12T16:16:49 <Justin_o> anastasiac: pushed up a change for that issue
2014-06-12T16:58:40 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-06-12T16:58:40 * NOTICE: [freenode-info] if you\'re at a conference and other people are having trouble connecting, please mention it to staff: http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp
2014-06-12T17:02:04 * danaayotte has quit
2014-06-12T17:04:00 * jameswy1 joined the channel
2014-06-12T17:16:11 <anastasiac> cindyli, I\'ve reviewed the two files in your docs pull request - looks good! I\'ve left a few small comments.
2014-06-12T17:16:42 <cindyli> thanks, anastasiac, will let you know once I address them
2014-06-12T17:16:49 <anastasiac> k
2014-06-12T17:17:01 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2014-06-12T17:18:30 <cindyli> jhung: i have a pull request, https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/529, for this issue: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4967
2014-06-12T17:19:33 <jameswy1> anastasiac, Bosmon, jhung, Justin_o, yzen: Have any of you heard of Telerik\'s Kendo UI framework? If so, any thoughts/opinions?
2014-06-12T17:20:28 <anastasiac> no, jameswy1, I haven\'t heard of it. Looks interesting
2014-06-12T17:20:34 <yzen> expensive
2014-06-12T17:20:51 <anastasiac> yikes
2014-06-12T17:21:45 <jameswy1> Yeah, a little pricier than free.
2014-06-12T17:21:49 <cindyli> jhung: the fix is simply by increasing the gap btw the slider and the right end icon. however, this creates another issue, if you increase text size, line spacing to the max, select Verdana font, and enlarge and bold links and buttons, in the separated panel, you will see the input field besides the slider wraps into the 2nd line
2014-06-12T17:21:56 <cindyli> this doesn\'t happen with the master
2014-06-12T17:22:20 <jhung> jameswy1: interesting. Lots of widgets and stuff. We probably won\'t use most of that (Foundation works well for us).
2014-06-12T17:22:33 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I\'ve reviewed your other docs pull request and left a couple of comments
2014-06-12T17:22:48 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks i\'ll take a look
2014-06-12T17:22:59 <cindyli> jhung: my question is, is this acceptable? if not, one solution is to reduce the slider width from 11em to 9.5em. is that acceptable?
2014-06-12T17:23:14 <jhung> cindyli: let me take a look.
2014-06-12T17:23:33 <cindyli> thanks, jhung
2014-06-12T17:23:41 <Justin_o> jameswy1: sorry.. that costs money so i haven\'t heard of it
2014-06-12T17:24:05 <yzen> Justin_o lol
2014-06-12T17:24:09 <jameswy1> yzen, anastasiac, jhung, Justin_o: they do have a free and open-source version of it (reduced subset of widgets, and no technical support)
2014-06-12T17:24:47 <yzen> jameswy1 you will use it, it will/has no adoption, you will have to rewrite everything with something else sooner rather than later
2014-06-12T17:25:41 * jhernandez has quit
2014-06-12T17:25:42 <Justin_o> yzen: that\'s bleak
2014-06-12T17:26:20 <yzen> that\'s a good name for a proprietary framework
2014-06-12T17:26:25 <jhung> Justin_o: then are you suggesting we abandon Foundation and use YUI Pure?
2014-06-12T17:26:26 <jameswy1> yzen, Justin_o: It looks like they have pretty healthy adoption--http://www.telerik.com/company
2014-06-12T17:27:06 <jhung> Justin_o: that\'s a joke. I don\'t want to go through another round of CSS framework evaluation. :)
2014-06-12T17:27:30 <Justin_o> jhung: no i wouldn\'t suggest that.. and definitely don\'t want to go through another round of evaluation.. we still need to pick our css pre-processor
2014-06-12T17:27:39 <jhung> cindyli: at a glance it looks fine. I\'m going to pull it down and take a look\xe2\x80\xa6 or do you have a server I can take a look at?
2014-06-12T17:28:25 <Justin_o> jameswy1: this link http://www.telerik.com/company/customers
2014-06-12T17:29:43 <cindyli> jhung: i don\'t think you can access my machine from out of campus. just in case, try http://172.16.2.129/infusion/src/demos/prefsFramework/
2014-06-12T17:30:21 <jhung> cindyli: I can\'t see it. I\'ll pull it down and take a look.
2014-06-12T17:30:28 <cindyli> thanks, jhung
2014-06-12T17:34:47 <cindyli> Justin_o: done with the uploader testing. all good
2014-06-12T17:36:01 <Justin_o> cindyli: excellent, thanks
2014-06-12T17:36:09 <cindyli> np
2014-06-12T17:40:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-06-12T17:41:51 <jhung> cindyli: looks good in Chrome, IE8, and FF. I made a comment in your pull req.
2014-06-12T17:43:27 <cindyli> jhung: do you have time to skype, so i can show you how it looks in my machine
2014-06-12T17:44:29 <jhung> sure
2014-06-12T17:58:08 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i made changes to my FLUID-5439 pull request and pushed up
2014-06-12T17:58:18 <anastasiac> thanks, Justin_o
2014-06-12T17:58:48 <Justin_o> clown: do you know of a list of aria roles and etc. that are supported by the various browsers
2014-06-12T18:13:55 <cindyli> Justin_o: the pull request for FLUID-4967 - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/529 is ready for more review
2014-06-12T18:14:14 <Justin_o> cindyli: great, thakns
2014-06-12T18:14:16 <Justin_o> thanks
2014-06-12T18:14:19 <Justin_o> i\'ll take a look now
2014-06-12T18:22:12 <Justin_o> jhung, cindyli: I left another comment on the FLUID-4967 pull request
2014-06-12T18:22:37 <cindyli> ok, thanks, Justin_o
2014-06-12T18:25:49 <cindyli> Justin_o: i replied your comment on the pull request
2014-06-12T18:28:51 <Justin_o> cindyli: replied to you in pull request
2014-06-12T18:29:54 <Justin_o> cindyli:  the gist is that it may be a good opportunity to fix it, if we are fixing related issues
2014-06-12T18:30:08 <Justin_o> well that\'s basically exactly what i said, not really a gist of it :)
2014-06-12T18:31:00 <cindyli> :)
2014-06-12T18:36:22 <Bosmon> If only comments in pull requests were themselves gists : P
2014-06-12T18:40:57 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-12T18:41:08 <cindyli> Justin_o: more styling tweaks to fix full no preview demo. pushed up and ready for review
2014-06-12T18:46:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-12T18:47:26 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-12T18:50:40 <Justin_o> cindyli: excellent cindy, thanks
2014-06-12T18:51:03 <cindyli> np
2014-06-12T18:54:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: that looks good in the full no preview demo
2014-06-12T18:54:50 <cindyli> yay!
2014-06-12T18:55:18 <Justin_o> would you like to help me with UIO/Prefs framework testing?
2014-06-12T18:55:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2014-06-12T18:55:41 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2014-06-12T18:55:52 <cindyli> do you have a merged branch?
2014-06-12T18:56:03 <Justin_o> cindyli: i think we should just do the state tests from the various test plans like http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Preferences+Framework+QA+Test+Plan
2014-06-12T18:56:12 <Justin_o> cindyli: yep, i\'ll send you a link over IM
2014-06-12T18:56:19 <cindyli> ok. thanks
2014-06-12T18:56:32 <Justin_o> cindyli: how would you like to split up the browsers?
2014-06-12T18:56:47 <cindyli> you pick first, Justin_o
2014-06-12T18:57:05 <Justin_o> cindyli: so kind
2014-06-12T18:57:11 <Justin_o> i\'ll start with IE 8
2014-06-12T18:57:34 <cindyli> always, i know you will pick difficult ones, so kind of you, Justin_o :)
2014-06-12T18:57:42 <Justin_o> cindyli: :)
2014-06-12T18:57:58 <cindyli> i\'m doing firefox
2014-06-12T18:58:06 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay
2014-06-12T19:03:21 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-12T19:08:17 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-12T19:13:26 <Justin_o> cindyli, jhung: the SomeKindOfNews.html manual test has the wrapping issue
2014-06-12T19:13:43 <Justin_o> I\'m a bit surprised it isn\'t handling things the same as UIO
2014-06-12T19:14:06 <cindyli> Justin_o: same issue with the prefs framework demo
2014-06-12T19:14:29 <cindyli> trying UIO
2014-06-12T19:14:32 <Justin_o> cindyli: and same issue with the separated panel manual tests :(
2014-06-12T19:14:50 <cindyli> looking into it
2014-06-12T19:15:00 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-06-12T19:15:20 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-06-12T19:15:38 <cindyli> np
2014-06-12T19:19:53 <Justin_o> clown: thanks for the links to the WAI-ARIA 1.1 specs.. what do the @ symbols mean.. e.g. here http://www.w3.org/TR/2014/WD-wai-aria-1.1-20140612/#aria-valuetext
'

b'2014-06-12T02:03:30 * jhernand1z has quit
2014-06-12T02:12:24 * jhung joined the channel
2014-06-12T02:12:39 * jhung has quit
2014-06-12T02:12:48 * jhung joined the channel
2014-06-12T02:51:10 * jhung has quit
2014-06-12T03:22:15 * yzen joined the channel
2014-06-12T04:12:25 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-06-12T04:22:39 * jhernandez has quit
2014-06-12T04:34:09 * yzen has quit
2014-06-12T07:34:43 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-12T07:53:50 * slee_ joined the channel
2014-06-12T09:11:38 * Bosmon has quit
2014-06-12T09:15:42 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-06-12T10:45:12 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-06-12T11:33:32 * Bosmon has quit
2014-06-12T11:37:45 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-06-12T11:55:31 * jhung joined the channel
2014-06-12T12:15:32 * jhung1 joined the channel
2014-06-12T12:19:07 * jhung has quit
2014-06-12T12:20:38 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-06-12T12:22:15 * jhung joined the channel
2014-06-12T12:24:47 * jhung1 has quit
2014-06-12T12:24:51 * yzen joined the channel
2014-06-12T12:36:36 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-06-12T12:59:18 * yzen has quit
2014-06-12T13:14:07 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-06-12T13:14:16 * jessm joined the channel
2014-06-12T13:20:56 * slee_ has quit
2014-06-12T13:24:01 * clown joined the channel
2014-06-12T13:24:15 <clown> jhernandez, bon jour!
2014-06-12T13:26:03 * colinclark has quit
2014-06-12T13:29:19 * kasparnet has quit
2014-06-12T13:29:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-06-12T13:31:25 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-06-12T13:31:31 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-06-12T13:34:34 * yzen joined the channel
2014-06-12T13:37:03 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i made changes to my FLUID-5377 pull request
2014-06-12T13:37:15 <anastasiac> great, thanks Justin_o
2014-06-12T13:41:22 <jhernandez> clown: bonjour
2014-06-12T13:41:48 <clown> \xc3\xa7a va, jhernandez?
2014-06-12T13:42:12 <clown> and how was the lasagna?
2014-06-12T13:42:22 * vjoanna has quit
2014-06-12T13:42:24 <jhernandez> heh
2014-06-12T13:42:27 <jhernandez> \xc3\xa7a va bien
2014-06-12T13:43:11 <jhernandez> et la lasagna, magnifique!
2014-06-12T13:43:37 <jhernandez> even it passed jshint tests
2014-06-12T13:43:38 <jhernandez> :P
2014-06-12T13:43:44 <clown> lol
2014-06-12T13:44:21 * clown notes that it\'s 15 min to gnome-a11y meeting\xe2\x80\xa6 :-(
2014-06-12T13:46:33 <jhernandez> yeah :/
2014-06-12T13:47:09 <clown> what can we do in 15 min?  Or, do we just express regrets to #a11y-meeting?
2014-06-12T13:47:23 <clown> I can do either.
2014-06-12T13:47:24 <jhernandez> we can chat afterwards
2014-06-12T13:47:33 <jhernandez> if you\'re able to - ofc
2014-06-12T13:48:01 <clown> afterwards is fine with me.
2014-06-12T13:48:31 <clown> do you have a chance to look at my pull request?  If not, not a problem.
2014-06-12T13:48:48 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i left you some comments on your FLUID-5439 pull request
2014-06-12T13:49:38 <anastasiac> Justin_o, thanks
2014-06-12T13:51:07 <clown> whoops, jhernandez.  I meant *did you have a chance...
2014-06-12T13:52:06 * anvk joined the channel
2014-06-12T13:53:06 <jhernandez> clown: nope, but will get done by today
2014-06-12T13:53:25 <clown> okay, thanks.
2014-06-12T13:53:35 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-06-12T13:57:52 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-06-12T13:58:51 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-06-12T14:02:44 * james joined the channel
2014-06-12T14:03:01 * james is now known as jameswy
2014-06-12T14:03:46 * jameswy is now known as jameswy1
2014-06-12T14:13:58 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I pushed changes to my branch in response to your comments - thanks
2014-06-12T14:16:18 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks, i\'ll take another look at those. If they all check out did you want me to rmerge them or just comment on the pull request for someone else to do the merge?
2014-06-12T14:17:38 <anastasiac> good question, Justin_0
2014-06-12T14:26:28 * vjoanna has left the channel
2014-06-12T14:31:10 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I had another look at your pull request and left some comments \xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0mostly just some link clean-up related to the file restructuring
2014-06-12T14:37:12 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks, i\'ll fix those up
2014-06-12T14:40:53 * slee_ joined the channel
2014-06-12T14:54:47 <Justin_o> anastasiac: added some more comments to your pull request
2014-06-12T14:55:12 <anastasiac> Thanks, Justin_o
2014-06-12T15:00:23 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-06-12T15:03:02 <Justin_o> anastasiac: made the corrections to my FLUID-5377 pull request
2014-06-12T15:03:14 <anastasiac> k
2014-06-12T15:07:03 * clown_mtg is now known as clown
2014-06-12T15:07:09 <clown> jhernandez:  brb
2014-06-12T15:07:21 <jhernandez> clown: sure
2014-06-12T15:07:52 <jhernandez> meanwhile, I\'ll take a look at the pull request
2014-06-12T15:11:50 <clown> jhernandez, okay I\'m back.
2014-06-12T15:14:51 * jhernandez grabbing the code from your pull request
2014-06-12T15:15:31 <jhernandez> just a couple of tests and I\'m done with it
2014-06-12T15:15:46 <jhernandez> then we can go ahead with our other business ;)
2014-06-12T15:16:27 <clown> sure.
2014-06-12T15:18:55 <jhernandez> clown: ok
2014-06-12T15:19:00 <jhernandez> the pr is ok
2014-06-12T15:19:24 <jhernandez> but, don\'t know if we should include the .jshintrc file
2014-06-12T15:19:50 <anastasiac> ok, Justin_o, corrections in my branch
2014-06-12T15:20:24 <clown> as I see it, eventually all the JS files under gpii in the universal folder will need to the jshint\'ed.
2014-06-12T15:20:32 <clown> or, do they come from somehwere else?
2014-06-12T15:21:02 <jhernandez> not sure
2014-06-12T15:21:09 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks i\'ll take another look in a bit
2014-06-12T15:21:57 <jhernandez> but yeah, all js files should be jshint\'ed
2014-06-12T15:21:58 <clown> By "somewhere else", compare with the node_modules folder.  All those are taken from built versions of the libraries (I think).  They have already been jshint\'ed.
2014-06-12T15:22:35 <jhernandez> and yeah, the node_modules folder contains all universal\'s deps
2014-06-12T15:23:27 <clown> and, Bosman recommended:  "we should ensure that these files are lintable using jshint and, for example, the infusion .jshintrc"
2014-06-12T15:23:43 <clown> I don\'t want to have to look for that .jshintrc file everytime...
2014-06-12T15:24:03 <jhernandez> heh
2014-06-12T15:24:06 <jhernandez> you\'re right
2014-06-12T15:24:08 <clown> however, I\'m not going to insist it be in universal.  Maybe Bosman can advise.
2014-06-12T15:24:29 <jhernandez> Bosmon: thoughts?
2014-06-12T15:26:26 <clown> maybe he\'s not really here.
2014-06-12T15:26:44 <jhernandez> clown: ok
2014-06-12T15:26:52 <Justin_o> clown, jhernandez: I don\'t think Bosmon is here right now
2014-06-12T15:27:12 <jhernandez> let\'s keep that file in and wait for Bosmon\'s comments
2014-06-12T15:27:23 <clown> sounds good, jhernandez.
2014-06-12T15:27:28 <clown> by the way...
2014-06-12T15:27:30 <jhernandez> Justin_o: yeah, I don\'t think so
2014-06-12T15:28:07 <clown> I was more worried about whether "fluid.registernamespace("gpii")" was needed in DeviceReporter.js.
2014-06-12T15:28:18 <clown> But, I\'m not sure what that does.
2014-06-12T15:28:54 <clown> if it has side effects that are needed.
2014-06-12T15:29:45 <clown> the complaint from jshint was:  "variable gpii is defined but not used".  The line used to read "gpii = fluid.registernamespace("gpii");"
2014-06-12T15:29:53 <clown> I just took out the assignment.
2014-06-12T15:30:05 <clown> am I making any sense?
2014-06-12T15:30:52 <jhernandez> yeah
2014-06-12T15:31:24 <jhernandez> as far as I know, that\'s right
2014-06-12T15:31:40 <clown> maybe we can ask Bosmon about that too.
2014-06-12T15:33:02 <jhernandez> yes
2014-06-12T15:33:47 <clown> I just digested Bosmon\'s second comment:  I should have included that change since it\'s really easy.
2014-06-12T15:35:17 <clown> on second thought\xe2\x80\xa6 I\'m not sure how to fit that in.
2014-06-12T15:35:25 <clown> or, how to do the replacement.
2014-06-12T15:35:29 <jhernandez> yeah, I was going to address that too
2014-06-12T15:36:12 <clown> go ahead.  It\'s all yours!
2014-06-12T15:36:15 <jhernandez> heh
2014-06-12T15:36:19 <jhernandez> sure
2014-06-12T15:36:20 <jhernandez> :)
2014-06-12T15:38:17 * vjoanna has quit
2014-06-12T15:39:10 * slee_ has quit
2014-06-12T15:39:37 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2014-06-12T15:40:30 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-06-12T15:40:37 <clown> jhernandez:  I just got the email that you merged my pull request.  The email servers are slow.
2014-06-12T15:44:04 <clown> and, I just saw your pull request #49.
2014-06-12T15:44:17 <clown> did I miss that?  It\'s dated May 5th
2014-06-12T15:44:34 <clown> I mean:  https://github.com/GPII/linux/pull/49
2014-06-12T15:46:03 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i left you a couple more comments on your pull requests
2014-06-12T15:46:16 <anastasiac> thanks, Justin_o :-)
2014-06-12T15:46:56 <Bosmon> jhernandez - you can just leave out the definition of the gpii variable, yes, if it keeps jshint quiet
2014-06-12T15:47:19 <Bosmon> If you had any implementation functions you would in practice assign to them in the form gpii.myFunction.etc = function () .....
2014-06-12T15:47:23 <Bosmon> but it seems you have none in this file
2014-06-12T15:47:46 <clown> thanks Bosmon
2014-06-12T15:47:49 * slee_ joined the channel
2014-06-12T15:48:22 <jhernandez> Bosmon: ok, these were my thoughts too but wasn\'t completely sure - thanks!
2014-06-12T15:49:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  do you have an estimate on when you might have a fix for the Pager issues?
2014-06-12T15:49:06 <jhernandez> clown: about linux/pull/49, I got lost
2014-06-12T15:49:11 <Bosmon> Justin_o - today or tomorrow
'

