b'2014-10-10T21:04:46 * jessm has quit
2014-10-10T21:30:42 * heidiv joined the channel
2014-10-10T21:49:38 * colinclark has quit
2014-10-10T21:50:38 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-10-10T21:50:39 * colinclark has quit
2014-10-10T22:06:45 * Justin_o has quit
2014-10-10T22:51:22 * heidiv has quit
2014-10-10T23:57:16 * jhernandez has quit
'

b'2014-10-10T00:11:14 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-10-10T00:11:20 * danaayotte has quit
2014-10-10T01:46:21 * jhernandez has quit
2014-10-10T06:49:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-10T07:17:37 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-10T07:24:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-10T07:28:04 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-10T07:32:30 * yzen has quit
2014-10-10T07:55:19 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-10-10T08:07:43 * slim joined the channel
2014-10-10T08:23:45 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-10-10T08:59:59 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-10T09:09:30 * slim has quit
2014-10-10T09:09:50 * slim joined the channel
2014-10-10T10:08:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-10T10:55:54 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-10T11:09:28 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-10-10T11:27:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-10T11:29:45 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-10T11:33:02 * jhung joined the channel
2014-10-10T11:36:10 * yzen has quit
2014-10-10T11:45:47 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-10T11:52:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-10T11:52:51 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-10T12:29:15 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-10T12:52:43 * anvk joined the channel
2014-10-10T12:56:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-10-10T13:03:20 * jessm joined the channel
2014-10-10T13:12:02 * heidiv joined the channel
2014-10-10T13:28:11 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-10-10T13:34:26 * jhung has quit
2014-10-10T13:49:46 * jhung joined the channel
2014-10-10T13:49:53 <jhung> nick jhung_away
2014-10-10T13:55:41 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-10-10T14:00:43 * jhung has quit
2014-10-10T14:02:35 * clown joined the channel
2014-10-10T14:06:17 <Justin_o> cindyli: i updated nikos\' code to get the msgResolver working. Can you let me know if you think this approach makes sense
2014-10-10T14:06:18 <Justin_o> https://github.com/jobara/prefsEditors/blob/GPII-947/src/signup/js/signup.js
2014-10-10T14:06:24 <Justin_o> I wonder if we can simplify it
2014-10-10T14:07:14 <Justin_o> note that i basically just did what was needed to get the message resolver working, there are other things that still need to be fixed up but I\'m planning on leaving those for him
2014-10-10T14:15:57 <cindyli> it looks good, Justin_o
2014-10-10T14:16:26 <Justin_o> cindyli: you think we could do something to not have the renderer subcomponent?
2014-10-10T14:19:09 <cindyli> Justin_o: is the renderer subcomponent to render the sign up panel when templates and messages are loaded?
2014-10-10T14:19:17 <cindyli> if so, i think it needs to be there as a sub
2014-10-10T14:19:55 <cindyli> unless loaders are elsewhere
2014-10-10T14:23:25 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay thanks
2014-10-10T14:23:28 <Justin_o> it is there for that
2014-10-10T14:28:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-10-10T14:40:46 <anastasiac> Justin_o, michelled, I\xe2\x80\x99ve filed an Infusion pull request to fix the demo overlay links to the demo code: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/563  This issue affects all of the demos
2014-10-10T14:41:54 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay, i\'ll take a look at it
2014-10-10T14:42:11 <anastasiac> Justin_o: or you could assign it to someone else :-)
2014-10-10T14:53:37 * jhung joined the channel
2014-10-10T14:57:27 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'ve merged in your pull request thanks for fixing htat
2014-10-10T14:57:28 <Justin_o> that
2014-10-10T14:57:56 <anastasiac> yes, I saw that. Quick! Thanks. Can we kickstart that to the live build site? Or does that happen automatically?
2014-10-10T14:58:22 <anastasiac> never mind. It\xe2\x80\x99s there, Justin_o
2014-10-10T14:58:27 <anastasiac> I guess it happens automatically :-)
2014-10-10T14:59:05 <Justin_o> anastasiac: yep the infusion related parts are rebuilt and deployed on push
2014-10-10T14:59:24 <anastasiac> nice
2014-10-10T15:12:43 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'m going to try out my changes for FLUID-5469 in IE 11. is your branch ready for me to merge in?
2014-10-10T15:13:17 <anastasiac> Justin_o, yes, merge.
2014-10-10T15:13:24 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thansk
2014-10-10T15:13:25 <Justin_o> thanks
2014-10-10T15:17:11 * jhung has quit
2014-10-10T15:17:49 * jhung joined the channel
2014-10-10T15:22:13 <anastasiac> Justin_o, fyi, I\xe2\x80\x99m on a call so I\xe2\x80\x99ll miss stand-up
2014-10-10T15:25:12 <slim> colinclark: ping
2014-10-10T15:26:26 <slim> Hi, when I change a jira o pull request - should I also change who it is assigned to? What if I don\'t know who eactly?
2014-10-10T15:34:36 <slim> Bosmon: HI, any thoughts on the above? ^^
2014-10-10T15:46:29 <jhernandez> slim: we don\'t re-assign JIRAs or PRs unless it is clear who are going to review it
2014-10-10T15:46:51 <slim> jhernandez: Great, thanks :)
2014-10-10T15:47:20 <jhernandez> yw
2014-10-10T15:51:22 <cindyli> Justin_o, anastasiac, I sent a pull request for the stylus work: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/564, can any of you review it?
2014-10-10T15:53:44 <colinclark> slim: hey, sorry i missed your ping earlier
2014-10-10T15:54:02 <slim> colinclark: np  -my Q was answered by jhernandez
2014-10-10T15:54:07 <colinclark> cool
2014-10-10T15:54:14 <colinclark> In the Fluid JIRA instance we have a "needs review" status, I think
2014-10-10T15:54:21 <colinclark> I\'m not sure if we have something similar in the GPII instance
2014-10-10T15:58:23 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks... i\'m still finishing up the work for FLUID-5469 but i\'ll take a look afterwards if no one else picked it up
2014-10-10T15:58:45 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2014-10-10T16:12:09 * anastasiac has quit
2014-10-10T16:16:25 * michelled joined the channel
2014-10-10T16:32:55 <slim> hmm, how are we using jira labels? Should I be applying them?
2014-10-10T16:33:42 <slim> it seems inconsistent and I find nothing on the wiki
2014-10-10T16:35:23 <michelled> hi slim, what do you mean by \'labels\'?
2014-10-10T16:35:43 <michelled> oh, I see - I haven\'t noticed them before
2014-10-10T16:37:16 <slim> Michell :see Bug SP-47 - there are 2 labels at the top
2014-10-10T16:37:27 <slim> might just be old bugs adn now don\'t use
2014-10-10T16:37:37 <slim> michelled: ^^
2014-10-10T16:37:43 <slim> michelled: aha.
2014-10-10T16:38:17 <slim> oh I meant http://issues.gpii.net/browse/SP-47 - forgot we don\'t have a bot to make bug refs into URLs like mozilla do
2014-10-10T16:40:18 <michelled> interesting - I don\'t think they are being used consistently. they actually might  be quite helpful
2014-10-10T16:41:31 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-10-10T16:42:38 * jhung1 joined the channel
2014-10-10T16:42:38 * michelled has quit
2014-10-10T16:44:00 * slim has quit
2014-10-10T16:44:11 * slim_ is now known as slim
2014-10-10T16:46:24 * jhung has quit
2014-10-10T17:08:00 * yzen has quit
2014-10-10T17:36:27 <Justin_o> cindyli, anastasia, michelled: I filed a pull request for removing FSS https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/565
2014-10-10T17:37:03 <cindyli> great. thanks, Justin_o
2014-10-10T17:56:54 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-10-10T18:17:14 <anastasiac> jhung1, how do you want feedback on the fluidproject site? Response to your email, as Heidi did? Are you continuing to work on it or are you hoping someone else will pick up some efforts?
2014-10-10T18:20:07 <jhung1> anastasiac: I was going to reply to that email. :) But I was thinking of continuing work on it. If you can lend a hand that would be great too!
2014-10-10T18:20:13 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2014-10-10T18:20:52 <jhung> maybe you can look into adding UIO into the site anastasiac? This way we can address the contrast issue.
2014-10-10T18:21:13 <jhung> There should be a jira for that one already.
2014-10-10T18:22:01 <anastasiac> oh, sure, I can look at UIO on the site.
2014-10-10T18:22:49 <anastasiac> jhung1, two things I noticed off the bat: 1) In the designs, the \xe2\x80\x98community\xe2\x80\x99 icons are below the \xe2\x80\x98featured projects\xe2\x80\x99 \xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0don\xe2\x80\x99t know if you changed that intentionally.  2) The logo should probably be a link to the home page.
2014-10-10T18:23:06 <anastasiac> (nice icons, by the way)
2014-10-10T18:29:22 <jhung> 1. Yes intentional. The designs have those links in two different locations. But having it up top make sense since they will likely be used more often.
2014-10-10T18:29:49 <jhung> 2. Good point about the logo. I\'ll add it to the list.
2014-10-10T18:31:47 <jhung> Regarding adding UIO to the site, you may want to investigate how we can leverage SCSS and docpad to generate our themes. Right now all our colour usage are parameterized at the top of styles.css.scss anastasiac
2014-10-10T18:35:27 <anastasiac> Justin_o and/or cindyli: Could you remind me how the new FSS-free infusion handles the prefs framework high contrast themes? The styling that used to be accomplished by the files in the fss folder - what does that now?
2014-10-10T18:36:34 <Justin_o> anastasiac: you mean in the prefsFramework fss folder? if so that\'s being handled by the stylus work cindyli is doing in FLUID-5482
2014-10-10T18:39:01 <anastasiac> cindyli, it looks like what used to be in the files in the fss folder is now all in a new generated PrefsEditorThemes.css file \xe2\x80\x93 is that right?
2014-10-10T18:40:15 <Justin_o> anastasiac, cindyli: I\'m going to be heading off to start my long weekend :) is there anything you need from me before i head off?
2014-10-10T18:40:37 <anastasiac> Justin_o and cindyli (and jhung): I\xe2\x80\x99m looking into adding UIO to the new fluidproject.org site. Any thoughts on using the new FSS-free version instead of the current master? What\xe2\x80\x99s the ETA on that, compared to the ETA on the fluidproject.org site?
2014-10-10T18:42:16 <Justin_o> anastasiac: we have pull requests in for both the FLUID_5469 and FLUID-5482 which should remove all the FSS stuff and switch over to stylus for generating the contrast themes.. so the time will depend on code review i guess, but i expect it should be done sometime next week.
2014-10-10T18:42:56 <anastasiac> ok, Justin_o, thanks. I think it would be great to use the new version, so I\xe2\x80\x99ll work toward that. Sound reasonable, jhung?
2014-10-10T18:46:22 <Justin_o> happy thanksgiving everyone, see you next week
2014-10-10T18:47:39 <jhung> anastasiac: that works well. I have meetings Tues and Wednesday, so the site will be done probably late next.
2014-10-10T18:48:11 <anastasiac> jhung, I probably have meetings Tues and Wed, too ;-)
2014-10-10T18:48:46 <jhung> anastasiac: ah yes, the same ones.
2014-10-10T18:58:52 <anastasiac> jhung, regarding UIO in fluidproject.org: It looks like you already started to put files into the hierarchy, inside the \xe2\x80\x98files\xe2\x80\x99 folde, but not inside its \xe2\x80\x98lib\xe2\x80\x99 folder in an \xe2\x80\x98infusion\xe2\x80\x99 folder - any reason? Is this something specific to docpad?
2014-10-10T18:59:07 <anastasiac> or rather, some are in the infusion folder, some not
2014-10-10T19:00:25 <jhung> anastasiac: feel free to start from scratch. I\'ve removed those references from the markup, so they\'re safe to delete/move/edit
2014-10-10T19:00:39 <anastasiac> ok, thanks jhung
2014-10-10T19:00:56 <anastasiac> jhung, is the \xe2\x80\x98files\xe2\x80\x99 folder a docpad thing? is that where lib normally goes?
2014-10-10T19:03:29 <jhung> yes. Files is a docpad thing. When docpad runs, lib gets put in as a child to the root.
2014-10-10T19:03:45 <jhung> ^anastasiac
2014-10-10T19:03:56 <anastasiac> ok, thanks jhung
2014-10-10T19:04:01 <jhung> np
2014-10-10T19:07:05 * jhung has quit
2014-10-10T19:11:31 <cindyli> anastasiac, Justin_o, thanks for feedback on my pull request for stylus work. your feedback makes me think I might be doing wrong thing regarding when and where the stylus compilation should be run in a build
2014-10-10T19:12:01 <cindyli> the current work flow is that, users can run "grunt stylus" itself for compiling stylus files only
2014-10-10T19:12:02 <cindyli> or
2014-10-10T19:13:44 <cindyli> if a grunt full or custom build is run, first, ALL the stylus files will be compiled in the "src" folder, then, the requested modules or components will be copied into "build" folder for the final package
2014-10-10T19:14:27 <cindyli> doing this way \'cuz i think infusion components won\'t work without stylus being compiled into css
2014-10-10T19:15:35 <cindyli> what do you think? should I only compile the requested modules? should the compilation happens in the temporary build folder for packaging only instead of the "src" folder?
2014-10-10T19:24:10 * slim has quit
2014-10-10T19:32:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-10T19:39:53 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-10T19:42:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-10T19:57:14 * heidiv has quit
2014-10-10T20:21:33 * cindyli has quit
2014-10-10T20:26:06 * anvk has quit
2014-10-10T20:42:13 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-10T20:55:04 * clown has quit
2014-10-10T21:02:18 * anastasiac has quit
'

