b'2014-05-13T01:05:34 * jhernandez has quit
2014-05-13T06:17:10 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-05-13T07:09:53 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-05-13T07:11:40 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-05-13T07:41:05 * simonjb has quit
2014-05-13T07:49:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-05-13T11:19:23 * amilchev has left the channel
2014-05-13T11:31:44 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-05-13T11:33:15 * simonjb has quit
2014-05-13T12:16:27 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-05-13T12:23:45 * jhung joined the channel
2014-05-13T12:37:17 * anvk joined the channel
2014-05-13T12:39:47 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-05-13T12:39:51 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-05-13T12:43:59 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-13T13:19:44 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-05-13T13:25:28 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-13T13:37:12 * jessm joined the channel
2014-05-13T13:47:12 * michelled has quit
2014-05-13T13:50:24 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-13T13:50:36 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'ve filed another docs pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/5
2014-05-13T13:50:46 <anastasiac> thanks, Justin_o
2014-05-13T13:53:43 <anastasiac> Justin_o, how do you think the markdown docs should handle links to pages that will be generated from the source? We don\'t yet know what the filenames will be...
2014-05-13T13:54:53 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-05-13T14:02:37 * danaayotte has quit
2014-05-13T14:10:12 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-13T14:13:15 <Justin_o> anastasiac: what do you mean?
2014-05-13T14:14:18 <anastasiac> Justin_o, for our framework api, we\'ll be generating documentation from the source. Will the output be HTML, or markdown? What will the filenames be? We don\'t know this yet, so how should we create links to these as-yet-undefined pages?
2014-05-13T14:14:37 <anastasiac> for example, one of your pages has a link to "fluid.defaults" as "FluidDefaults"
2014-05-13T14:14:43 <anastasiac> where will that documentation actually be?
2014-05-13T14:14:56 <anastasiac> am I making any sense?
2014-05-13T14:15:53 <Justin_o> anastasiac: you mean, because that one isn\'t on the list of things to move?
2014-05-13T14:16:12 <anastasiac> right. Really, for anything that will be generated
2014-05-13T14:20:22 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i see from the tool that will crawl through our code and produce docs. hmm.. not sure.. sgithens can you tell us what your tool will output e.g. markdown or html and what sort of file names it will produce.
2014-05-13T14:22:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-05-13T14:27:13 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-05-13T14:40:34 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-13T15:12:22 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I see you ported the Progressive Enhancement page, even though Bosmon commented that it was "mostly useless and obsolete." I\'m wondering if we should include this page, if it\'s obsolete?
2014-05-13T15:14:38 <Justin_o> anastasiac: that\'s a good question. I think he said at the last meeting that we could port all those things over now.. there are some exceptions i think.. we should probably check with him again.
2014-05-13T15:19:48 * michelled has quit
2014-05-13T15:24:12 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-13T15:37:07 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-13T15:50:35 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-13T16:00:03 * sgithens has quit
2014-05-13T16:00:20 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-05-13T16:06:34 * colinclark has quit
2014-05-13T16:16:37 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-13T16:18:53 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-13T16:34:51 * anvk has quit
2014-05-13T16:47:59 <Justin_o> michelled: i have another pull request for you to look at https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/518
2014-05-13T16:48:14 <michelled> thx Justin_o
2014-05-13T16:53:33 * anvk joined the channel
2014-05-13T17:06:21 * avtar joined the channel
2014-05-13T17:13:50 <Justin_o> anastasiac: FLUID-5341 has been merged in.. that should take care of the overviewPanel changes we want to get in for Infusion 1.5
2014-05-13T17:26:19 <anastasiac> Justin_o, jhung: How does this look?  http://172.16.2.115:8888/GPII/source/prefsEditors/demos/explorationTool/
2014-05-13T17:27:29 * danaayotte has quit
2014-05-13T17:27:57 <Justin_o> anastasiac: looks like the border behind the overviewPanel\'s header isn\'t stretching far enough over
2014-05-13T17:28:11 <michelled> Justin_o: I\'m testing the simple text inline edit and I can\'t seem to tab into the page
2014-05-13T17:28:15 <michelled> are you able to?
2014-05-13T17:28:21 <anastasiac> good eye, Justin_o
2014-05-13T17:28:48 <Justin_o> anastasiac: and the "*" is blocking the tree logo :(
2014-05-13T17:29:08 <Justin_o> michelled: from the build site?
2014-05-13T17:29:09 <anastasiac> Not on my screen, Justin_o :-)
2014-05-13T17:29:10 <michelled> Justin_o: in FF - it seems fine in Chrome
2014-05-13T17:29:18 <michelled> yes, on the build site
2014-05-13T17:29:28 <Justin_o> michelled: i can tab around no problem
2014-05-13T17:29:40 <Justin_o> michelled: using FF 29.0.1
2014-05-13T17:29:55 <michelled> hmmm\xe2\x80\xa6 that\'s what I have too
2014-05-13T17:30:02 <Justin_o> strange
2014-05-13T17:30:09 <Justin_o> maybe try restarting something ;)
2014-05-13T17:30:44 <michelled> just did - no luck
2014-05-13T17:33:47 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m investigating
2014-05-13T17:36:02 <Justin_o> michelled: :(
2014-05-13T17:36:15 <Justin_o> michelled: did you want to screen share for a minute
2014-05-13T17:36:25 <Justin_o> not sure i can help though
2014-05-13T17:36:29 <Justin_o> but we can compare settings i gues
2014-05-13T17:37:09 <michelled> yes
2014-05-13T17:40:37 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-05-13T17:47:01 <anastasiac> Justin_o: pull request for overview panel on the exploration tool:  https://github.com/fluid-project/prefsEditors/pull/62
2014-05-13T17:52:47 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-13T17:57:57 <sgithens> Justin_o: Right now it spits out html for a single page in a single file .  If you wanted markdown instead it probably wouldn\'t be hard to modify the tempalte
2014-05-13T17:58:50 <sgithens> danaayotte : You want to try and chat again sometime next week?
2014-05-13T17:59:12 <anastasiac> michelled, Justin_o: Jan is looking for help with a website evaluation during the last week of May, after I come back from vacation. He\'d like 12 hours of time. Is that ok, given Floe deadlines, etc?
2014-05-13T18:00:59 <michelled> should be fine anastasiac - thanks for letting me know
2014-05-13T18:04:35 * avtar has quit
2014-05-13T18:36:56 <Justin_o> michelled: did i see that FLUID-4890 went in.. can i take down that post it now?
2014-05-13T18:37:09 <michelled> yep :)
2014-05-13T18:38:33 <Justin_o> yeah :)
2014-05-13T18:39:09 * jhung has quit
2014-05-13T18:49:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello.. do you think you\'ll be able to get through all the work for Infusion 1.5 by the end of the week?
2014-05-13T18:49:21 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2014-05-13T18:49:59 <Bosmon> Preferably, by the end of the day : P
2014-05-13T18:50:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: awesome, cindyli will be away next week. it would be great if we could get her work for metadata all wrapped up before she leaves.. i think there are a few issues pending there
2014-05-13T18:50:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: really.. that\'s perfect
2014-05-13T18:51:18 <Justin_o> sgithens: sorry.. i missed your message.. i don\'t know if markdown is preferred over html.. perhaps anastasiac, michelled, Bosmon and simon might have some thoughts on that.
2014-05-13T18:52:05 <Bosmon> I think HTML is fine for now, depending on what sgithens has time for
2014-05-13T18:52:39 * avtar joined the channel
2014-05-13T18:54:38 <cindyli> Bosmon: I created a jira yesterday for another issue with model relay and transformation - http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5368
2014-05-13T18:54:46 <cindyli> let me know if it doesn\'t make sense
2014-05-13T18:55:01 <Bosmon> cindyli, yes, I saw it
2014-05-13T18:55:04 <Bosmon> I\'m sure it is valid....
2014-05-13T18:55:18 <cindyli> nice.
2014-05-13T18:56:08 <anastasiac> sgithens, Justin_o, michelled, I think HTML is good for the generated API docs. I believe that when we switch to a SSG, we\'ll be full HTML everywhere, no?
2014-05-13T18:57:00 <Justin_o> anastasiac: yes, but the markdown files will probably be expanded into a template
2014-05-13T18:57:09 * jhung joined the channel
2014-05-13T18:57:22 <anastasiac> ah, ok
2014-05-13T19:03:00 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-13T19:08:33 * avtar has quit
2014-05-13T19:12:35 <anastasiac> fluid-everyone: In case anyone hasn\'t seen it, Chris Hadfield\'s recorded-in-space cover of "Space Oddity" will be taken down today. This is your last chance to see it!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KaOC9danxNo
2014-05-13T19:18:51 * jhung has quit
2014-05-13T19:20:13 <michelled> Bosmon: if you get a chance, can you update this pull request to master? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/510
2014-05-13T19:22:51 * anastasiac has quit
2014-05-13T19:23:12 <Bosmon> Hi michelled - I just updated it
2014-05-13T19:23:16 <Bosmon> It didn\'t seem to have any conflicts
2014-05-13T19:23:21 <Bosmon> I think the github ui just got confused
2014-05-13T19:23:38 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-05-13T19:23:58 <michelled> oh, thanks!
2014-05-13T19:26:26 <Justin_o> michelled: i merged in anastasiac\'s changes to add the overviewPanel to the exploration tool and i\'ve filed a pull request to get this into the GPII/prefsEditors repo as well https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/pull/61
2014-05-13T19:26:51 <michelled> nice!
2014-05-13T19:27:03 <Justin_o> michelled: can you kick the repo the build site is using for this
2014-05-13T19:27:04 <Justin_o> ?
2014-05-13T19:30:42 * sgithens has quit
2014-05-13T19:41:33 <michelled> Justin_o: looks like I can\'t with this machine - I\'ll have to do it tomorrow
2014-05-13T20:24:46 * cindyli has quit
2014-05-13T20:33:16 * anvk has quit
2014-05-13T20:43:23 * michelled has quit
2014-05-13T21:12:59 * anastasiac has left the channel
2014-05-13T21:15:23 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-13T21:16:42 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-13T21:35:16 * jessm has quit
2014-05-13T21:36:08 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-13T21:55:38 * Justin_o has quit
2014-05-13T22:23:56 * danaayotte has quit
'

