b'2014-05-05T20:20:34 * colinclark_ is now known as colinclark
2014-05-05T20:21:38 <Bosmon> michelled
2014-05-05T20:21:42 <Bosmon> You are a .... ***PEIXX***!
2014-05-05T20:28:59 * anvk has quit
2014-05-05T20:32:46 <Bosmon> cindyli - I\'ve started working on your issue as http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5361
2014-05-05T20:35:55 <cindyli> great. thanks, Bosmon
2014-05-05T20:36:45 <cindyli> will keep an eye on your new pulls. :)
2014-05-05T20:37:08 <cindyli> let me know if anything you need from me
2014-05-05T20:37:27 <anastasiac> Bosmon, last week you said that fluid.fireSourcedChange() is deprecated. Would the same apply to fluid.addSourceGuardedListener(), given that there are no more sourced changes?
2014-05-05T20:37:37 <Bosmon> anastasiac - that\'s right, yes
2014-05-05T20:37:51 * cindyli has quit
2014-05-05T20:37:56 <Bosmon> In theory we could put this back, but my belief is that we can manage without it
2014-05-05T20:38:11 <Bosmon> We are "conservatively re-adding" features after the reimplementation of the ChangeApplier : P
2014-05-05T20:39:00 <Bosmon> And it would be nice to have a framework with as provably few required features as possible ....
2014-05-05T20:39:45 <anastasiac> ok, well then I\'ll have to let you know whether or not I can manage without it ;-)
2014-05-05T20:55:12 <michelled> colinclark: if you get a chance, here is a pull request you can look at: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/443
2014-05-05T20:56:04 <michelled> Bosmon: I was going to ask you if you agreed that we should hold the release until FLOE-171 was done, but apparently Justin_o already checked in with you about that
2014-05-05T20:57:44 * clown has left the channel
2014-05-05T21:01:39 * anastasiac has quit
2014-05-05T21:01:47 * michelled has quit
2014-05-05T21:10:14 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-05T21:14:11 * jhung joined the channel
2014-05-05T21:14:45 * yzen has quit
2014-05-05T21:30:25 * sgithens has quit
2014-05-05T21:35:36 * Justin_o has quit
2014-05-05T21:49:08 * danaayotte has quit
2014-05-05T21:50:16 * jhung1 joined the channel
2014-05-05T21:50:16 * jhung1 has quit
2014-05-05T21:52:13 * jhung has quit
2014-05-05T22:01:51 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-05T22:11:23 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-05T22:12:44 * kasparnet has quit
2014-05-05T22:13:49 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-05T22:15:53 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-05-05T22:23:30 * jessm has quit
2014-05-05T22:26:41 * colinclark has quit
2014-05-05T22:33:09 * danaayotte has quit
2014-05-05T22:45:22 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-05T22:46:21 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-05T22:57:49 * sgithens joined the channel
'

b'2014-05-05T15:09:03 * jhung has quit
2014-05-05T15:09:53 * anastasiac has quit
2014-05-05T15:09:53 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2014-05-05T15:26:37 * cindyli has quit
2014-05-05T15:32:11 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-05T15:47:35 <jhernandez> clown: btw, just in case you want to try the latest stuff
2014-05-05T15:48:14 <jhernandez> it\'s easy
2014-05-05T15:49:08 <jhernandez> you just have to run the gpii, but in "production" mode
2014-05-05T15:49:09 <jhernandez> this is
2014-05-05T15:51:22 <jhernandez> NODE_ENV="fm.ps.sr.dr.mm.os.lms.production" node gpii.js
2014-05-05T15:54:12 <clown> jhernandez:  good to know, thanks.
2014-05-05T15:54:44 <clown> I\'ve changed what I\'m working on since I have a telecon in about an hour, and am catching up on what\'s going to be discussed there.
2014-05-05T15:55:01 <clown> so, I\'ll file your suggestion away, and work on it later.
2014-05-05T16:04:48 * anastasiac has quit
2014-05-05T16:05:10 * jhung1 is now known as jhung_away
2014-05-05T16:05:52 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-05-05T16:07:05 * michelled_ joined the channel
2014-05-05T16:08:01 * michelled has quit
2014-05-05T16:08:01 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2014-05-05T16:09:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-05-05T16:12:21 * michelled has quit
2014-05-05T16:14:58 * yzen has quit
2014-05-05T16:16:05 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-05T16:17:29 * colinclark has quit
2014-05-05T16:22:41 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please code review this pull for me https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/511
2014-05-05T16:22:56 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o
2014-05-05T16:23:15 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-05-05T16:23:23 <cindyli> np
2014-05-05T16:32:13 * clown has quit
2014-05-05T16:35:58 * clown joined the channel
2014-05-05T16:36:11 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-05-05T16:39:02 <Justin_o> anastasiac: where in the infusion-docs repo should new documents be added?
2014-05-05T16:39:15 <anastasiac> hm
2014-05-05T16:39:44 * yzen has quit
2014-05-05T16:40:59 <anastasiac> Justin_o, for now, I imagine that we will eventually want to create folders for different "topics" but I\'m not sure we should worry about that quite yet
2014-05-05T16:41:11 <anastasiac> we don\'t even know what we\'ll have in the repo for 1.5
2014-05-05T16:41:22 <anastasiac> if it\'s 5 pages, it doesn\'t make sense to put them in 5 foldes
2014-05-05T16:41:54 <anastasiac> what do you think, Justin_0?
2014-05-05T16:41:55 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay.. should i put it at the top level, or do you think we should have a single directory to contain all the docs?
2014-05-05T16:42:21 <anastasiac> well, the repo is docs, so it might be a bit redundent to create a folder for the docs
2014-05-05T16:42:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you have thoughts on these pulls in regards to the Infusion 1.5 release https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/510 and https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/484
2014-05-05T16:43:10 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay.. i\'ll just put it top level for now, and things can be restructured as needed
2014-05-05T16:43:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - Yes, I think they need to go in
2014-05-05T16:43:23 <Bosmon> As well as pull 443
2014-05-05T16:43:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. that\'s what we were thinking but we wanted to confirm that
2014-05-05T16:43:34 <anastasiac> Justin_o, yes, I think we can restructure a bit later, as we have a better sense of what will be there
2014-05-05T16:43:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes, definitely that one. michelled has it on her list of things to review
2014-05-05T16:44:03 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay, thanks
2014-05-05T16:44:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cool
2014-05-05T16:44:24 <Bosmon> That is the complete collection that I think we need from the framework side
2014-05-05T16:44:42 <Bosmon> I finished fixing up the http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Infusion+Event+System page last night
2014-05-05T16:44:48 <Bosmon> In preparing to convert all this into markdown
2014-05-05T16:44:59 <Bosmon> I\'m having a call with simonjb in an hour or so about docs
2014-05-05T16:45:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah perfect..
2014-05-05T16:45:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: if i have time, i was planning on starting on http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5327 while i wait on a few other infusion code related things
2014-05-05T16:45:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that one is ready to be converted right?
2014-05-05T16:46:31 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think so, yes
2014-05-05T16:46:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: good, thanks
2014-05-05T16:46:46 <Bosmon> It\'s a shame that we\'ll lose our helpful table of contents on that page
2014-05-05T16:46:58 <Bosmon> In theory we could employ our TOC widget someday
2014-05-05T16:47:10 <Bosmon> Although it would still mean finding a way of representing multi-level headers in markdown
2014-05-05T16:47:20 <Bosmon> I guess those could be left as isolated pieces like <h3> or whatever
2014-05-05T16:47:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what do you mean by multilevel headers in markdown?
2014-05-05T16:49:14 <simonjb> anastasiac and Justin_o: do you want to join Bosmon and me in 70 mins when we talk about docs?
2014-05-05T16:49:18 <Bosmon> headings
2014-05-05T16:49:34 <anastasiac> yes, please, simonjb
2014-05-05T16:49:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you can
2014-05-05T16:49:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you need to use the "#" syntax
2014-05-05T16:50:12 <Justin_o> http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/syntax#header
2014-05-05T16:50:25 <simonjb> anastasiac: cool, we\'ll meet on skype
2014-05-05T16:50:26 <Justin_o> the number of leading "#" indicates the level
2014-05-05T16:51:05 <Justin_o> simonjb: sure,I may have to drop off before the end though.
2014-05-05T16:52:13 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-05T16:52:41 <simonjb> Justin_o, anastasiac, Bosmon: chat to you in just over an hour - dinner time for me now - can you mention to michelled if you see her?
2014-05-05T16:54:28 <Justin_o> simonjb: sure, she had to do something with avtar. she may not be back in time
2014-05-05T16:56:54 <simonjb> Justin_o: thanks
2014-05-05T17:09:51 <Bosmon> Ah, thanks Justin_o
2014-05-05T17:09:52 <Bosmon> Very helpful
2014-05-05T17:10:16 <Justin_o> np
2014-05-05T17:20:53 <cindyli> Bosmon: thanks for the pull request that adds "fluid.transforms.identity". It works great.
2014-05-05T17:21:40 <cindyli> Bosmon: i have another question regarding what to expect in the modelListener for the source model inside the relay system
2014-05-05T17:21:59 <Bosmon> Hi cindyli
2014-05-05T17:22:22 <cindyli> the use case is, the model relay is established btw the parent and a sub
2014-05-05T17:23:09 <cindyli> Bosmon: when the source model is changed, the change is relayed to the sub and triggers the model listener that\'s attached on the sub
2014-05-05T17:24:27 <cindyli> in the unit test for the parent component, a modelChanged listener is hooked up on the source (the parent) model to check what should be updated in the target (the sub)
2014-05-05T17:25:02 <cindyli> however, the update on the target is not detected in the modelChanged listener
2014-05-05T17:26:13 <Bosmon> cindyli - can you be more specific?
2014-05-05T17:26:18 <Bosmon> What kind of update is not detected?
2014-05-05T17:26:49 <cindyli> let me point you to the code
2014-05-05T17:27:29 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2014-05-05T17:28:02 <cindyli> Bosmon: https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/blob/master/tests/js/resourceInputPanelTestUtils.js#L92-L95
2014-05-05T17:29:25 <cindyli> at line 69, checkModelValueByIndex() is also checking the status of the model relay target component "indicator"
2014-05-05T17:29:38 <Bosmon> Ah, you mean in the IoC testing framework
2014-05-05T17:29:43 <cindyli> yes
2014-05-05T17:31:00 <Bosmon> cindyli - can you try adding "transactional": true inside the "spec" structure and see if it makes any difference?
2014-05-05T17:31:07 <Bosmon> What happens currently, does the test sequence just stall?
2014-05-05T17:31:08 <cindyli> ok
2014-05-05T17:32:42 <cindyli> line 69 fails at running unit test. but the code does work in the demo.
2014-05-05T17:32:52 <Bosmon> ah ok
2014-05-05T17:32:56 <Bosmon> This is the same issue anastasiac had last week
2014-05-05T17:33:03 <Bosmon> So the listener fires, it just sees the old version of the model
2014-05-05T17:33:52 <cindyli> not really, we see the new model of the source component but the target has not been updated
2014-05-05T17:33:55 * danaayotte has quit
2014-05-05T17:34:05 <Bosmon> Well ok
2014-05-05T17:34:10 <Bosmon> So you see a partially updated condition
2014-05-05T17:34:22 <Bosmon> Still, the listener does fire
2014-05-05T17:34:31 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-05T17:34:32 <cindyli> yes
2014-05-05T17:34:36 <Bosmon> Making the listener transactional should resolve this issiue
2014-05-05T17:35:21 <cindyli> same, still fails at 69
2014-05-05T17:35:27 <cindyli> with trasctional
2014-05-05T17:35:37 <Bosmon> cindyli - can you check it in?
2014-05-05T17:35:43 <cindyli> sure
2014-05-05T17:35:57 <cindyli> one sec, cleaning up the code
2014-05-05T17:39:58 * jhung has quit
2014-05-05T17:40:30 <cindyli> Bosmon: pushed up - https://github.com/cindyli/metadata/blob/FLOE-171/tests/js/resourceInputPanelTestUtils.js#L94
2014-05-05T17:41:02 * jhung joined the channel
2014-05-05T17:45:09 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-05T18:01:23 <simonjb> Bosmon, anastasiac, Justin_o: are you good to meet now about docs?
2014-05-05T18:01:35 <anastasiac> yep
2014-05-05T18:03:32 <Justin_o> simonjb: sorry, missed that..
2014-05-05T18:06:53 <Bosmon> hi
2014-05-05T18:07:51 <Bosmon> hi cindyli - it seems that there has been an improvement though
2014-05-05T18:08:00 <Bosmon> I think before you added "transactional", it used to fail at line 68 too?
2014-05-05T18:08:14 <cindyli> Bosmon: 68 passes fine
2014-05-05T18:09:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-05-05T18:09:24 <cindyli> 68 passes with or without "transactional"
2014-05-05T18:11:52 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-05-05T18:16:35 * simonjb has quit
2014-05-05T18:17:18 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-05-05T18:30:36 * kasparnet has quit
2014-05-05T18:31:37 <jhung> Justin_o: I pushed up changes to pull request #496.
2014-05-05T18:34:52 <Justin_o> jhung: great thanks.. i\'ll code review that one again
2014-05-05T18:35:23 <jhung> Thanks a lot Justin_o. :)
2014-05-05T18:48:36 * clown_mtg has quit
2014-05-05T18:52:18 * cindyli has quit
2014-05-05T18:55:14 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-05-05T19:00:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-05-05T19:03:52 * cindyli has quit
2014-05-05T19:03:59 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-05-05T19:14:34 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-05T19:15:17 * clown joined the channel
2014-05-05T19:17:28 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-05-05T19:19:24 <michelled> hi Bosmon
2014-05-05T19:33:42 * jhung has quit
2014-05-05T19:48:41 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-05T19:50:10 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-05T19:50:25 * simonjb has quit
2014-05-05T20:19:38 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2014-05-05T20:20:34 * colinclark has quit
'

b'2014-05-05T06:08:11 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-05-05T08:28:57 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-05-05T08:34:02 * jhernandez has quit
2014-05-05T08:34:20 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-05-05T09:51:43 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-05-05T11:06:11 * simonjb has quit
2014-05-05T11:23:59 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-05-05T11:55:17 * jhung joined the channel
2014-05-05T11:56:11 * kasparnet has quit
2014-05-05T11:58:11 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-05-05T12:25:34 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-05-05T12:29:47 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-05T12:45:40 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-05-05T12:45:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-05-05T12:52:47 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-05-05T12:58:56 * yzen_ joined the channel
2014-05-05T12:59:00 * yzen has quit
2014-05-05T13:03:00 * Jess_ joined the channel
2014-05-05T13:03:23 * yzen_ has quit
2014-05-05T13:08:48 * Jess_ has quit
2014-05-05T13:10:35 <Justin_o> cindyli: looks like Bosmon merged my FLOE-116 pull request
2014-05-05T13:10:58 <cindyli> yes. congrats. ;)
2014-05-05T13:14:46 <Justin_o> :)
2014-05-05T13:15:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks.. how are things going with merging it into your branch?
2014-05-05T13:16:09 <cindyli> very smooth since your 116 branch had been merged into mine a couple of days ago, Justin_o.
2014-05-05T13:16:27 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay.. you managed to work out all those issues you were having on Friday?
2014-05-05T13:17:35 <cindyli> Bosmon has another pull request for the problem i had with using fluid.identity with the model relay in resourceInput.js. trying it now, Justin_o
2014-05-05T13:17:48 <cindyli> will let u know how it goes
2014-05-05T13:18:57 * anvk joined the channel
2014-05-05T13:27:22 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay.. let me know if you want to pair up again
2014-05-05T13:30:04 <cindyli> sure
2014-05-05T13:36:59 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-05T13:50:56 <jhung> Justin_o, anastasiac: I have updated the CSS framework documentation to summarize our recommendation. Also I have moved the document under "Fluid Project > Fluid Infusion". see: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Fluid+Project+Support+for+CSS+Frameworks
2014-05-05T13:55:22 <Justin_o> jhung: great thanks. Does this mean we can close off that fluid-work thread now?
2014-05-05T13:55:24 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-05T13:55:39 <jhung> Yes. I will respond to that Justin_o.
2014-05-05T13:57:01 <jhung> I realized I forgot to add a section about contrast themes Justin_o. I\'ll add that when you\'re done editing.
2014-05-05T13:57:10 <colinclark> jhung: I feel like this wiki page could use some framing\xe2\x80\x94some background information
2014-05-05T13:57:18 <colinclark> Who is it a recommendation for?
2014-05-05T13:57:39 <colinclark> What does it mean to say \xe2\x80\x9cCSS frameworks are not recommended for Fluid components,\xe2\x80\x9d for example
2014-05-05T13:57:53 <colinclark> it might be easy to misinterpret it as us saying \xe2\x80\x9cFluid components are incompatible with CSS frameworks"
2014-05-05T13:58:03 <colinclark> or \xe2\x80\x9cwe recommend that all our users use Foundation\xe2\x80\x9d
2014-05-05T13:58:05 <colinclark> or whatever
2014-05-05T13:58:24 <Justin_o> jhung: i\'m done editing
2014-05-05T13:58:25 <colinclark> could we somehow describe on the page a few of they key things we identified during the research and discussion?
2014-05-05T13:59:01 <colinclark> such as that this is a recommendation for, essentially, \xe2\x80\x9ca CSS framework used in websites built by some members of the Fluid community\xe2\x80\x9d
2014-05-05T13:59:03 <colinclark> if you see what I mean
2014-05-05T13:59:13 <colinclark> not sure I\xe2\x80\x99m making sense
2014-05-05T13:59:21 <jhung> colinclark: Yes it makes sense.
2014-05-05T13:59:38 <colinclark> but I think we should make it clear that a) Infusion works with any CSS framework and b) Infusion doesn\xe2\x80\x99t depend on any particular CSS framework
2014-05-05T13:59:44 <colinclark> cool, thanks
2014-05-05T13:59:52 <jhung> colinclark: A lot of that is implied, but requires too much reading or interpretation. I\'ll re-work that to it\'s clear.
2014-05-05T14:00:00 <colinclark> cool
2014-05-05T14:00:15 <colinclark> just a quick paragraph at the beginning, probably
2014-05-05T14:08:13 * clown joined the channel
2014-05-05T14:09:29 <jhung> Completely off topic. How a good marketing video can help sell a badly designed product. http://vimeo.com/93325163
2014-05-05T14:09:34 <clown> jhernandez, bonjour.  (I\'m back).
2014-05-05T14:11:00 <jhernandez> heh
2014-05-05T14:11:05 <jhernandez> clown: welcome back!
2014-05-05T14:11:41 <clown> thanks.
2014-05-05T14:11:43 <jhernandez> how did the vacations went?
2014-05-05T14:12:09 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-05-05T14:12:10 <clown> montr\xc3\xa9al was nice.  the weather could have been better \xe2\x80\x94 too much rain.
2014-05-05T14:13:38 <clown> I saw your email, jhernandez.  are you still working on that bug?
2014-05-05T14:13:45 <jhernandez> nope
2014-05-05T14:13:52 <jhernandez> fixed that same day
2014-05-05T14:14:05 * jhernandez looks for the fix
2014-05-05T14:14:36 <clown> \\o/
2014-05-05T14:14:47 <jhernandez> https://github.com/javihernandez/linux/commit/3b590d4a4c1520a8f4966a128fe3834748ee746c
2014-05-05T14:14:54 <clown> is there something to pull?  Was it in our code, or in packagemanager itself?
2014-05-05T14:14:58 * clown looks.
2014-05-05T14:15:06 <jhernandez> was our code
2014-05-05T14:15:20 <jhernandez> but it is fixed now
2014-05-05T14:15:27 <jhernandez> :)
2014-05-05T14:15:47 <jhernandez> and now I have another branch you should pull
2014-05-05T14:15:49 <clown> good for you.
2014-05-05T14:16:10 * clown wonders (once again) if this project has too many branches.
2014-05-05T14:16:14 <clown> :-)
2014-05-05T14:16:31 <jhernandez> I moved the functionality into universal\'s deviceReporter
2014-05-05T14:16:42 <jhernandez> yeah, zillions of branches!
2014-05-05T14:16:43 <jhernandez> xD
2014-05-05T14:17:08 <jhernandez> https://github.com/javihernandez/linux/tree/device-reporter-draft-2
2014-05-05T14:17:14 <jhernandez> https://github.com/javihernandez/universal/tree/device-reporter-draft-2
2014-05-05T14:17:32 <clown> Okay, I\'ll try to figure that out and pull the right things.
2014-05-05T14:17:38 <jhernandez> yeah
2014-05-05T14:17:43 * clown hopes it just "works" when pulling.
2014-05-05T14:18:11 <jhernandez> I still owe an explanation about the changes
2014-05-05T14:19:17 <jhernandez> but, once we finish a few more things I think that I\'ll create a pull request
2014-05-05T14:19:20 <jhernandez> yay!
2014-05-05T14:19:57 <clown> cool.
2014-05-05T14:20:13 <jhernandez> and I have the feeling that Bosmon will be happy with it
2014-05-05T14:20:15 <jhernandez> :P
2014-05-05T14:21:58 <clown> well, a happy Bosmon is like a happy cat (sort of).
2014-05-05T14:22:19 <jhernandez> xD
2014-05-05T14:22:45 <clown> aha, I\'ve been away a week, and I have "critical" updates for F20.
2014-05-05T14:23:58 <Justin_o> colinclark: i left some comments on the jira for converting infusion demos to use the HTML5 doctype http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5335
2014-05-05T14:24:04 <Justin_o> colinclark: do you have any thoughts.
2014-05-05T14:25:08 <colinclark> michelled seems to be saying that she wants to purge rsf:ids for 2.0
2014-05-05T14:25:31 <colinclark> I\xe2\x80\x99d rather see it sooner, but I don\xe2\x80\x99t see a clear indication of how much work is involved
2014-05-05T14:27:01 <Justin_o> colinclark: it\'s mostly for pager, but i think at least some of the renderer tests also use rsf:ids
2014-05-05T14:27:14 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-05T14:27:23 <colinclark> unit tests are a separate issue, wouldn\xe2\x80\x99t you say, Justin_o?
2014-05-05T14:27:47 <Justin_o> colinclark: i\'m not sure how easy this will be or not, it will involve going through pager and making sure that it has the correct selectors in place in all the various levels of components
2014-05-05T14:28:00 <Justin_o> colinclark: i think we should clean up all the html files if we are going to do this
2014-05-05T14:28:28 <colinclark> What about tests that verify that this feature still works?
2014-05-05T14:29:03 <Justin_o> colinclark: if there are specific renderer tests for RSF that\'s fine
2014-05-05T14:29:17 <colinclark> right
2014-05-05T14:29:27 <Justin_o> but i think there are cases where it just hasn\'t been updated
2014-05-05T14:29:38 <colinclark> sure, that\xe2\x80\x99s fine
2014-05-05T14:29:39 <Justin_o> and we should clean those up if they exist
2014-05-05T14:29:58 <colinclark> In terms of the table summary, it looks like a caption would be equally appropriate
2014-05-05T14:30:09 <colinclark> and indeed we have one
2014-05-05T14:30:09 <Justin_o> colinclark: it would be visible though
2014-05-05T14:30:21 <Justin_o> okay.. there is one already
2014-05-05T14:30:22 <Justin_o> ?
2014-05-05T14:30:28 <colinclark> I suspect that there\xe2\x80\x99s no benefit to the summary, as I look at it
2014-05-05T14:30:39 <Justin_o> is it what shows up beside upload button?
2014-05-05T14:30:59 <colinclark> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/uploader/html/Uploader.html#L62-L63
2014-05-05T14:31:00 <Justin_o> colinclark: okay... so we\'d just need to strip it out of the code and markup then
2014-05-05T14:31:09 <colinclark> I suspect that\xe2\x80\x99s the case, yes
2014-05-05T14:31:25 <colinclark> but we\xe2\x80\x99d need to test it before and after with a screenreader and ensure that we\xe2\x80\x99re happy with the experience
2014-05-05T14:33:19 <Justin_o> colinclark: looking at the demo, that caption element gets set to display:none and isn\'t updated with the information that is in the summary. so we could 1) put the summary information in there 2) decide what do with it for a11y and presentation.
2014-05-05T14:33:38 <Justin_o> I don\'t know what 2) would mean though. do we want to show this on screen?
2014-05-05T14:33:57 <colinclark> interesting
2014-05-05T14:40:34 * jessm joined the channel
2014-05-05T14:49:16 <simonjb> good morning michelled, anastasiac, and Bosmon: I was wondering if we had made any progress on the 1.5 documentation tasks that we discussed before I left?
2014-05-05T14:49:42 * anastasiac has left the channel
2014-05-05T14:51:01 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2014-05-05T14:51:09 <michelled> hi simonjb, I don\'t think so - we\'ve been working on other 1.5 and C4A tasks
2014-05-05T14:52:36 <simonjb> ok, thanks michelled
2014-05-05T14:54:14 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2014-05-05T14:55:03 <simonjb> michelled: are we still aiming for the 8th?
2014-05-05T14:55:26 <michelled> good question simonjb - we are about to have the weekly floe planning meeting
2014-05-05T14:55:50 <michelled> we\'ll talk about what\'s left for the release
2014-05-05T14:56:07 <simonjb> michelled: would it make sense for me to join?
2014-05-05T14:56:13 <michelled> yep
2014-05-05T14:56:29 <simonjb> adobe connect?
2014-05-05T14:59:25 * michelled_ joined the channel
2014-05-05T14:59:39 <michelled_> yes, connect
2014-05-05T14:59:53 <michelled_> Justin_o, cindyli, anastasiac, danaayotte: floe planning meeting time :)
2014-05-05T15:00:02 <michelled_> jhung ^
2014-05-05T15:00:02 <anastasiac> k, there in a minute
2014-05-05T15:00:06 <cindyli> ok
2014-05-05T15:00:14 <Justin_o> michelled_: okay, thanks, coming
2014-05-05T15:00:18 <jhung> thanks
2014-05-05T15:01:29 * michelled has quit
2014-05-05T15:01:29 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2014-05-05T15:05:48 * jhung1 joined the channel
2014-05-05T15:08:15 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2014-05-05T15:08:33 * vjoanna has quit
'

