b'2014-07-08T18:41:20 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o, will use it for other dependent branches
2014-07-08T18:42:11 <Justin_o> cindyli: cool thanks
2014-07-08T18:42:27 <cindyli> thank you
2014-07-08T18:42:32 <Justin_o> i\'m going to add uio.. i\'ll make it off of the FLOE-193 branch and we can merge it into the others from there.
2014-07-08T18:42:36 <Justin_o> does that sound okay?
2014-07-08T18:44:44 * clown joined the channel
2014-07-08T18:45:03 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-07-08T18:49:27 * colinclark_ has quit
2014-07-08T18:52:10 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2014-07-08T18:52:18 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T18:52:25 <cindyli> sounds good, Justin_o
2014-07-08T18:58:00 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T19:13:41 <Justin_o> cindyli: for FLOE-198 i\'m going to need to build a new Infusion package
2014-07-08T19:14:09 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'d like to make it from the 1.5 tag, but will make it from the old commit hash if you prefer to wait for your pull requests to go in
2014-07-08T19:14:47 <cindyli> Justin_o: my pull requests?
2014-07-08T19:15:26 <Justin_o> for metadata
2014-07-08T19:15:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: ^
2014-07-08T19:17:35 <cindyli> well, i don\'t know how long we need to wait for it to get in. i think you can go ahead to replace the infusion lib
2014-07-08T19:17:39 <cindyli> Justin_o: ^
2014-07-08T19:17:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: okay, thanks
2014-07-08T19:17:55 <Justin_o> hopefully it won\'t cause any damage
2014-07-08T19:18:06 <cindyli> hopefully :)
2014-07-08T19:19:29 * jhung has quit
2014-07-08T19:21:00 * jhung joined the channel
2014-07-08T19:42:52 <cindyli> vjoanna: regarding the dialog triggered by clicking on the sad face button, shoud the four checkboxes for the option "content didn\'t meet my prefs" dynamically added when this option is selected?
2014-07-08T19:54:03 <vjoanna> cindyli: yes, when we know that a user has a preference that\'s not available in the current resource
2014-07-08T19:55:24 <cindyli> vjoanna: if all user preferences are available, we hide those checkboxes until the user explicitly click on option "content didn\'t meet my prefs", right?
2014-07-08T19:58:26 <vjoanna> cindyli: yes, or can we keep those checkboxes visible and if the user checks one of them off the \'content didnt meet my pref\' checkbox also becomes checked?
2014-07-08T20:03:01 * clown_mtg has quit
2014-07-08T20:04:45 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T20:15:55 * clown joined the channel
2014-07-08T20:21:01 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T20:33:42 * cindyli has quit
2014-07-08T20:36:29 * jhernandez has quit
2014-07-08T20:40:41 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-07-08T20:41:18 * cindyli has quit
2014-07-08T20:43:30 * simonjb has quit
2014-07-08T20:47:14 * clown has left the channel
2014-07-08T20:49:30 * jhung has quit
2014-07-08T20:59:03 * yzen has quit
2014-07-08T21:02:51 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T21:05:13 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T21:12:19 * anastasiac has quit
2014-07-08T21:16:57 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T21:23:02 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T21:51:00 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-08T21:55:03 * yzen has quit
2014-07-08T21:55:51 * Justin_o has quit
2014-07-08T22:13:17 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T22:14:36 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T22:15:23 * the-t-in-rtf1 joined the channel
2014-07-08T22:15:23 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T22:15:44 * the-t-in-rtf1 has quit
2014-07-08T22:25:03 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T22:29:47 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T22:30:25 * danaayotte has quit
2014-07-08T22:37:02 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T22:37:44 * michelled has quit
2014-07-08T22:46:15 * jessm has quit
'

b"2014-07-08T00:25:22 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-07-08T01:15:36 * jhernandez has quit
2014-07-08T01:32:36 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2014-07-08T01:34:09 * colinclark_ has quit
2014-07-08T01:37:28 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2014-07-08T02:06:15 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T02:23:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T03:00:08 * colinclark_ has quit
2014-07-08T03:06:00 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2014-07-08T03:06:28 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-08T05:12:49 * yzen has quit
2014-07-08T08:38:17 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-07-08T09:07:04 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-08T09:11:27 * yzen has quit
2014-07-08T12:02:20 * jhung joined the channel
2014-07-08T12:16:23 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-07-08T12:51:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:02:21 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:04:54 * anvk joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:05:39 * colinclark has left the channel
2014-07-08T13:06:17 * colinclark_ has quit
2014-07-08T13:06:34 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:09:08 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:13:47 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:20:35 * jessm joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:29:40 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:30:29 * clown joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:35:38 <jessm> Justin_o: ping
2014-07-08T13:35:47 <Justin_o> jessm: hello
2014-07-08T13:35:59 <jessm> hey, sorry about the double ping. figured i should ask in here
2014-07-08T13:36:31 <jessm> the engage demo\xe2\x80\xa6 doesn\xe2\x80\x99t seem to do anything when i click on the link in safari from fluidengage.org
2014-07-08T13:36:49 <Justin_o> colinclark_: remember when you were in san diego with kasper, Bosmon, and etc. you discussed a means of being able to get things from the preferences server i think, in different formats. for example something that would work with our preferences framework so we wouldn't have to do local transformations.
2014-07-08T13:37:33 <Justin_o> jessm: hmm.. yes.. it seems to be dead :(
2014-07-08T13:39:30 <colinclark_> Yes, the Ontology Server, Justin_o
2014-07-08T13:39:44 <colinclark_> jessm: It's been dead for years
2014-07-08T13:39:52 <colinclark_> Sadly
2014-07-08T13:39:59 <jessm> colinclark_: i thought it was working not too long ago
2014-07-08T13:40:10 <colinclark_> No, it's been years
2014-07-08T13:40:21 <Justin_o> colinclark_: is the Ontology Server updated yet.. to be able to do those transformations?
2014-07-08T13:40:26 <jessm> colinclark_: oh. in that case we should just take the link down i guess
2014-07-08T13:40:39 <colinclark_> The worst part about it is that it's due to sloppy last-minute coding
2014-07-08T13:40:55 <colinclark_> Quite likely by me and Bosmon
2014-07-08T13:41:02 <colinclark_> I keep saying that it's an easy fix
2014-07-08T13:41:03 <colinclark_> which it is
2014-07-08T13:41:19 <colinclark_> but getting a development environment set up to fix it will take some fairly significant time
2014-07-08T13:41:21 * jhung1 joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:41:23 <colinclark_> why do you mention it?
2014-07-08T13:42:00 <jessm> colinclark_: you\xe2\x80\x99re asking me? ^
2014-07-08T13:42:10 <colinclark_> yeah
2014-07-08T13:42:43 <jessm> ah. the minister of canada heritage is coming in a few minutes
2014-07-08T13:42:45 * jhung has quit
2014-07-08T13:42:48 <jessm> just pulling things up to show him
2014-07-08T13:43:31 <colinclark_> ah
2014-07-08T13:43:52 <colinclark_> I think I showed a provincial minister the interaction flow diagram for Engage once
2014-07-08T13:43:55 <colinclark_> it worked nicely
2014-07-08T13:44:29 <colinclark_> Justin_o: The Ontology Server is still in development
2014-07-08T13:44:33 <colinclark_> led by Kasp
2014-07-08T13:44:35 <colinclark_> er
2014-07-08T13:44:37 <jessm> colinclark_: roger that
2014-07-08T13:44:41 <Justin_o> colinclark_: okay thanks
2014-07-08T13:46:21 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T13:47:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:52:14 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T13:52:38 <Justin_o> vjoanna: do you have an estimate on when the Infusion Docs designs will be ready?
2014-07-08T13:53:37 <Justin_o> colinclark_: when you have chance, could you please review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/540
2014-07-08T13:54:20 <colinclark_> yes, sure
2014-07-08T13:54:46 <Justin_o> colinclark_: thanks
2014-07-08T14:00:18 <vjoanna> Justin_o: I have a mockup for it, there's still a few details that need to be filled out though
2014-07-08T14:02:22 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T14:09:28 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T14:15:04 <Justin_o> vjoanna: no problem... just wanted to get an idea... we are still sorting out what docs to move over, but was talking to simonjb the yesterday to try to see how long it would take to get everything moved over
2014-07-08T14:16:21 * amilchev has quit
2014-07-08T14:18:39 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2014-07-08T14:28:03 * michelled joined the channel
2014-07-08T14:28:28 <michelled> Bosmon, colinclark_, simonjb: my meeting got cancelled so I can meet anytime
2014-07-08T14:28:39 <colinclark_> ok, i'm free whenever too
2014-07-08T14:28:57 <simonjb> yeah, me too
2014-07-08T14:29:43 * clown has left the channel
2014-07-08T14:30:10 * clown joined the channel
2014-07-08T14:30:55 <Justin_o> cindyli: would you be able to finish the review for https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/539
2014-07-08T14:32:23 <cindyli> Justin_o: isn't michelled reviewing it?
2014-07-08T14:32:56 <michelled> cindyli: I was, but I'm really busy with other things at the moment and I don't want to be the bottle neck on it
2014-07-08T14:33:01 <michelled> if if you'd rather, I can continue
2014-07-08T14:33:05 <vjoanna> justin_o, simonjb: okay, let me know when you need the mockups by - this is where they're at right now: https://www.dropbox.com/s/cegwfdvkk85rszk/fluidproject-infusiondocs.pdf any feedback is also appreciated :)
2014-07-08T14:33:33 <cindyli> i see, michelled and Justin_o. i will continue to review it
2014-07-08T14:36:41 <Justin_o> vjoanna: it's looks good.. simonjb do you know if the navigational pieces at the bottom and the highlight on the active page in the menu is doable?
2014-07-08T14:39:03 <michelled> Justin_o: what is the state of the Fluid fork the of prefs editor repo?
2014-07-08T14:39:18 <michelled> does it get kept up to date with chance in the GPII repo?
2014-07-08T14:39:24 <michelled> changes
2014-07-08T14:39:37 <simonjb> vjoanna, Justin_o: the design looks really good
2014-07-08T14:39:46 <Justin_o> michelled: i update it periodically
2014-07-08T14:39:58 <Justin_o> michelled: it's probably a little back at the moment
2014-07-08T14:40:35 <Justin_o> michelled: can this be closed as won't fix? http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-1846
2014-07-08T14:40:38 <simonjb> vjoanna, Justin_o: I would think that the highlight on the menu is doable, yes; the navigational links at the bottom would be a little more work
2014-07-08T14:42:01 <michelled> Justin_o: yeah, close it - all the subtasks for 1842 came out of a brainstorming session in 2008.
2014-07-08T14:42:21 <Justin_o> michelled: okay.. thanks
2014-07-08T14:42:55 <michelled> colinclark_: can you merge this when you get a chance? https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/pull/73
2014-07-08T14:45:28 <simonjb> vjoanna, Justin_o: we could use a JSON config in DocPad for the table of contents -- and generate the menu on the left and the nav links at the bottom from that JSON
2014-07-08T14:46:02 <Justin_o> simonjb: great.. is that built into docpad or will we need a custom helper or something
2014-07-08T14:48:44 <colinclark_> yes I can, michelled
2014-07-08T14:51:02 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-07-08T15:09:24 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-07-08T15:14:19 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T15:16:48 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T15:24:10 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T15:35:52 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T15:42:39 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T15:43:08 <cindyli> vjoanna: have time to chat about the feedback demo?
2014-07-08T15:44:51 * cindyli has left the channel
2014-07-08T15:45:17 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-07-08T15:46:31 <vjoanna> cindyli: sure, right now?  anastasiac, danaayotte
2014-07-08T15:55:57 <cindyli> vjoanna: when anastasiac comes back?
2014-07-08T15:58:20 <vjoanna> cindyli: sounds good
2014-07-08T16:13:08 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T16:24:25 * amilchev has left the channel
2014-07-08T16:26:12 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T16:34:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T16:35:25 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T16:37:09 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T16:43:30 * Bosmon has quit
2014-07-08T16:51:21 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T16:53:31 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T16:53:32 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-07-08T16:56:48 * jhung has quit
2014-07-08T16:58:11 * Bosmon has quit
2014-07-08T17:00:13 * jhung joined the channel
2014-07-08T17:00:43 <anastasiac> hi - I'm back, vjoanna, cindyli
2014-07-08T17:01:35 <cindyli> vjoanna: is it good time to chat now? Justin_o, danaayotte?
2014-07-08T17:01:56 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-07-08T17:02:16 <danaayotte> sure
2014-07-08T17:02:26 <vjoanna> yep
2014-07-08T17:06:54 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2014-07-08T17:08:42 * anastasiac has quit
2014-07-08T17:08:42 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2014-07-08T17:09:42 * yzen has quit
2014-07-08T17:13:16 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T17:14:03 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-08T17:14:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-08T17:19:18 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T17:21:57 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T17:28:50 * cindyli has quit
2014-07-08T17:29:35 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T17:34:57 * anastasiac has quit
2014-07-08T17:35:11 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-07-08T17:37:32 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-07-08T17:38:48 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-07-08T18:07:40 * vjoanna has quit
2014-07-08T18:13:19 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-08T18:35:38 * clown has quit
2014-07-08T18:40:52 <Justin_o> cindyli: i've updated the styling of the top-bar in my FLOE-193 branch
"

