b"2014-12-15T19:11:39 <Justin_o> it should be, i sent you the link from github
2014-12-15T19:11:50 <Bosmon> Oh sorry
2014-12-15T19:11:55 <Justin_o> if the test page isn't running, it's because you need to have the server running to get all the dependencies
2014-12-15T19:11:56 <Bosmon> I see it is not in tests with the other one
2014-12-15T19:12:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: right, it's in the src
2014-12-15T19:13:10 <Bosmon> ok cool
2014-12-15T19:13:23 <Bosmon> Well, ping me when you are starting to think about rendering/model/interaction issues
2014-12-15T19:13:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: will do, thanks for the help
2014-12-15T19:17:58 * jessm joined the channel
2014-12-15T19:55:09 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-12-15T20:02:49 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-12-15T20:07:25 * simonjb has quit
2014-12-15T20:21:36 * Sepideh joined the channel
2014-12-15T20:28:05 * Sepideh has quit
2014-12-15T20:30:04 * amatas has quit
2014-12-15T20:31:17 * amatas joined the channel
2014-12-15T21:01:54 * anastasiac has quit
2014-12-15T21:23:24 * jhung has quit
2014-12-15T21:26:33 * cindyli has quit
2014-12-15T21:39:46 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-12-15T21:43:44 * yzen_ has quit
2014-12-15T21:43:50 * yzen joined the channel
2014-12-15T21:44:11 * michelled has quit
2014-12-15T21:45:47 <sgithens_____> Hows the integrating going?
2014-12-15T21:52:41 * jessm has quit
2014-12-15T22:01:11 * Sepideh joined the channel
2014-12-15T22:01:11 * Sepideh has quit
2014-12-15T22:06:39 * yzen is now known as yzen_
2014-12-15T22:10:41 * yzen_ has quit
2014-12-15T22:21:33 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-12-15T22:33:38 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-12-15T22:38:41 * colinclark has quit
2014-12-15T22:46:08 * danaayotte has left the channel
2014-12-15T22:48:21 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-12-15T22:55:36 * colinclark has quit
2014-12-15T22:57:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-12-15T23:01:38 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-12-15T23:06:59 * Justin_o has quit
2014-12-15T23:29:55 * kasparnet has quit
2014-12-15T23:55:55 * jhung joined the channel
"

b'2014-12-15T16:30:24 <Bosmon> But how about the nested projects
2014-12-15T16:30:33 <Bosmon> Do you think the gpii-oauth2- prefix works ok here?
2014-12-15T16:30:53 * danaayotte has quit
2014-12-15T16:31:41 <colinclark> the children will remain in this repo?
2014-12-15T16:32:02 <Bosmon> No, we will do a "destructive integration" where all this material appears as one commit to a universal branch
2014-12-15T16:32:10 <Bosmon> At least, this is the current front-runner plan
2014-12-15T16:32:20 <colinclark> okay, i see what you mean
2014-12-15T16:33:01 * yzen joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:33:37 <colinclark> so gpii-oauth2 will be the only "top level" thing in universal/gpii/node_modules?
2014-12-15T16:33:42 <Bosmon> yes
2014-12-15T16:33:50 <colinclark> yeah, seems fine
2014-12-15T16:34:12 <Bosmon> for maintaining the gpii-oauth2 prefix for all nested projects too?
2014-12-15T16:34:18 * yzen has quit
2014-12-15T16:34:21 <colinclark> yeah, it seems okay to me
2014-12-15T16:34:25 <Bosmon> cool
2014-12-15T16:34:29 <Bosmon> thanks, dddd
2014-12-15T16:34:33 <colinclark> any time
2014-12-15T16:34:49 * jessm has quit
2014-12-15T16:38:50 * michelled joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:39:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:39:38 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:41:59 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:42:06 <Bosmon> jhernandez
2014-12-15T16:42:08 <Bosmon> VERNNANDDEZZ!
2014-12-15T16:42:14 <Bosmon> I can\'t understand many things in your code
2014-12-15T16:42:38 * jhernand1z joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:42:42 <jhernandez> Bosmon: well, it\'s an extract
2014-12-15T16:42:49 <jhernandez> not the real code
2014-12-15T16:42:53 * yzen joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:43:05 <Bosmon> All the same, I can\'t understand it
2014-12-15T16:43:17 <Bosmon> So, for example: [[id].settings, settingKey]
2014-12-15T16:43:22 <Bosmon> What does this even mean?
2014-12-15T16:43:24 <Bosmon> [id].settings ?
2014-12-15T16:43:28 <jhernandez> yeah
2014-12-15T16:44:17 <jhernandez> but I put it inside [] because id will contain something like org.whatever.app
2014-12-15T16:44:50 <Bosmon> Well ok, but it\'s meaningless
2014-12-15T16:44:57 <Bosmon> Could you write some code that you actually expect to run? : P
2014-12-15T16:46:00 <simonjb> Justin_o: I\'m going to do the remaining work to prepare for moving the gpii-oauth2 code over to universal
2014-12-15T16:46:12 <jhernandez> Bosmon: this code actually RUNS!
2014-12-15T16:46:15 <jhernandez> xD
2014-12-15T16:46:21 <Bosmon> jhernandez, ok it runs
2014-12-15T16:46:25 <simonjb> Justin_o: and then move the code to branch of gpii/universal
2014-12-15T16:46:27 <Bosmon> but the value of [id].settings is "undefined"
2014-12-15T16:46:36 <Bosmon> You are dereferencing a property of an array which is nonexistent
2014-12-15T16:46:42 <Justin_o> simonjb: sounds good
2014-12-15T16:46:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:47:06 <Bosmon> JavaScript does indeed generously allow your code to RUN
2014-12-15T16:47:10 <simonjb> Justin_o: do you currently have much outstanding work that hasn\'t been mrged into my gpii-oauth2/master?
2014-12-15T16:47:10 <Justin_o> simonjb: thanks for the heads up.. please let me know when it\'s ready
2014-12-15T16:47:12 <Bosmon> But will allow it to produce nonsensical results : P
2014-12-15T16:47:31 <jhernandez> ofc, this is where I am at
2014-12-15T16:47:35 <simonjb> Justin_o: I will definitely let you know
2014-12-15T16:47:40 <Justin_o> simonjb: i\'m just trying to sort through the styling of the preference scope stuff, so not really.. i should be able to move that over when the time comes
2014-12-15T16:47:51 <simonjb> Justin_o: awesome, thanks
2014-12-15T16:47:57 <jhernandez> I have tried several ways of doing this, and this is the latest example I ended up with
2014-12-15T16:48:45 <Bosmon> jhernandez - it will help a lot if you could commit a trial implementation into github - so we could see all the elements of the problem simultaneously
2014-12-15T16:48:53 <Bosmon> Working with sketch code is always going to be difficult
2014-12-15T16:49:34 <jhernandez> yeah, I know, but right now I have plenty of console.logs, nonsense commented portions of code, etc
2014-12-15T16:49:46 <Bosmon> jhernandez - that\'s fine
2014-12-15T16:50:07 <Bosmon> Better that than have things assembled by hand into a gist
2014-12-15T16:51:29 <Bosmon> Also if you start by writing a simple test case for your handler it will also be very helpful, both for now and later
2014-12-15T16:52:10 <Bosmon> But I\'m imagining that perhaps the only problem you have is that you meant to write id + ".settings"  rather than [id].settings which isn\'t a valid array access
2014-12-15T16:53:54 <Bosmon> Well, I imagine what you really meant to write is [id, "settings"]
2014-12-15T16:53:58 * jhernandez has quit
2014-12-15T16:54:26 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:55:16 <jhernandez> Bosmon: sorry, free but unstable wifi connection (we\'re at a bar with a beer in one hand and the computer in the other)
2014-12-15T16:55:16 <jhernandez> :P
2014-12-15T16:55:22 * avtar has quit
2014-12-15T16:55:30 * jhernandez checks the log
2014-12-15T16:55:40 <Bosmon> I added some comment into the stypi
2014-12-15T16:56:03 <jhernandez> cool, thanks
2014-12-15T16:56:28 <jhernandez> and yes, my next step after solving this problem was to write tests
2014-12-15T16:57:05 <jhernandez> wrt "Well, I imagine what you really meant to write is [id, "settings"]" - yes
2014-12-15T16:57:06 <Bosmon> Many people feel it makes sense to write tests first... especially when encountering a problem like this
2014-12-15T16:59:06 * kasparnet has quit
2014-12-15T17:03:42 * anastasiac has quit
2014-12-15T17:07:02 * yzen has quit
2014-12-15T17:07:48 * yzen_ joined the channel
2014-12-15T17:08:21 <jhernandez> Bosmon: yes, I was wrong, that expression in .get was wrong
2014-12-15T17:08:28 <jhernandez> just updated it
2014-12-15T17:10:00 * colinclark has quit
2014-12-15T17:13:23 * danaayotte has quit
2014-12-15T17:16:30 * michelled has quit
2014-12-15T17:29:19 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-12-15T17:31:09 * jhung joined the channel
2014-12-15T17:41:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-12-15T17:42:47 * Sepideh joined the channel
2014-12-15T17:44:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-12-15T17:51:02 * Sepideh has quit
2014-12-15T17:57:11 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-12-15T17:57:40 * colinclark has quit
2014-12-15T18:02:00 * avtar joined the channel
2014-12-15T18:10:49 * kasparnet has quit
2014-12-15T18:11:58 * slim_jim has quit
2014-12-15T18:13:46 * jhernandez has quit
2014-12-15T18:14:17 * jhernand1z has quit
2014-12-15T18:16:01 * michelled joined the channel
2014-12-15T18:30:30 <Bosmon> Hi there Justin_o
2014-12-15T18:30:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2014-12-15T18:30:49 <Bosmon> I was just chatting with simonjb here who said that you might be working on the preferences filtering UI
2014-12-15T18:30:54 <Bosmon> Is it right?
2014-12-15T18:31:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes i\'m trying to get the styling of the tree done
2014-12-15T18:31:17 <Bosmon> ok cool
2014-12-15T18:31:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: did you have some thoughts about how it should be implemented?
2014-12-15T18:31:36 <Bosmon> Did you happen to pick a particular widget or strategy for dealing with the tree?
2014-12-15T18:31:44 <Justin_o> css
2014-12-15T18:31:56 <Justin_o> i\'m trying to get it all done with native css if possible
2014-12-15T18:31:57 <Bosmon> Nothing specifically but I was just starting to work on the filtering scheme now
2014-12-15T18:32:14 <Bosmon> And so thought we might think about what might be a helpful form for the model to take for all of us
2014-12-15T18:32:19 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I meant the interaction in particular
2014-12-15T18:32:53 <Bosmon> Are you planning to implement what was represented in Dana\'s wireframes or something simpler?
2014-12-15T18:35:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the goal will be to implement what is in her wireframes
2014-12-15T18:36:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m trying to get the custom checkboxes styled at the moment..
2014-12-15T18:36:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how were you planning to encode the interaction amongst the checkboxes
2014-12-15T18:37:12 <Bosmon> For example, I imagine that her interactions plan for the model where checking and unchecking a higher-level checkbox automatically checks or unchecks the ones below, etc.
2014-12-15T18:37:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i haven\'t gotten that far yet.. i was starting with the styling first, but yes that is the interaction
2014-12-15T18:38:04 <Justin_o> plus we need to know when only a few of the checkboxes are selected to put the parent one into indeterminate mode
2014-12-15T18:38:05 <Bosmon> Also, are you planning for the tree to be renderable from a model, or will it just be a static markup widget for now?
2014-12-15T18:38:21 <Justin_o> so the checkboxes at the branch level can have 3 states... checked, unchecked, and indeterminate
2014-12-15T18:39:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so far for the Authorization UI everything has been a bit a combination.. so for the most part things are static markup, but the renderer is used for rendering strings.. i was imagining that this would be the same for now
2014-12-15T18:39:40 <Bosmon> ok cool
2014-12-15T18:39:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-12-15T18:39:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think it\'s nice to keep things the same for consistency, but we may want to change the approach in the future
2014-12-15T18:40:04 <Bosmon> Do keep in touch about how you are getting on, and we can think about cutting scope or simplifying if it is looking like we are running out of time
2014-12-15T18:40:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks, that\'s helpful :)
2014-12-15T18:41:26 <Justin_o> the styling itself has been tough, but it\'s getting close... i\'m not sure how difficult it will be to use handlebars to generate the markup necessary to track all the pieces but should know more once the styling and markup is all sorted out
2014-12-15T18:51:03 <Bosmon> Justin_o - what technique are you planning to use to represent the hierarchy lines?
2014-12-15T18:51:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in terms of styling?
2014-12-15T18:52:06 <Bosmon> Yes, as well as representation in the markup
2014-12-15T18:52:33 <Justin_o> that\'s done using css
2014-12-15T18:52:49 <Justin_o> we use the :before pseudo selector to inject empty content and put a border on it
2014-12-15T18:53:12 <Bosmon> What will you do for the next level of the hierarchy
2014-12-15T18:53:23 <Justin_o> it doesn\'t look exactly like the designs, but it\'s close
2014-12-15T18:53:26 <Justin_o> did you want to see it?
2014-12-15T18:53:30 <Bosmon> Yes, cheers!
2014-12-15T18:53:38 <Justin_o> do you know somewhere i can put up a screen shot
2014-12-15T18:53:53 <Justin_o> or i can screen share on vidyo or Skype with you
2014-12-15T18:53:53 <Bosmon> Well, I\'m happy just seeing your code : P
2014-12-15T18:53:57 <Justin_o> ah okay
2014-12-15T18:54:07 <Justin_o> sure.. it hasn\'t been pushed up yet.. one minute
2014-12-15T19:04:21 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-12-15T19:05:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s the branch https://github.com/jobara/gpii-oauth2/tree/selectionTree
2014-12-15T19:05:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the sample markup is in the test file for now. https://github.com/jobara/gpii-oauth2/blob/selectionTree/gpii-oauth2-authorization-server/public/tests/components/selectionTree/html/SelectionTree-test.html
2014-12-15T19:06:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s the styling https://github.com/jobara/gpii-oauth2/blob/selectionTree/gpii-oauth2-authorization-server/public/src/components/selectionTree/css/SelectionTree.css
2014-12-15T19:06:51 <Justin_o> if you open the test file with the server running, you should be able to see the tree with the hierarchy lines
2014-12-15T19:06:54 <Bosmon> Ah ok
2014-12-15T19:06:58 <Bosmon> So this answers part of my question
2014-12-15T19:07:08 <Bosmon> You will use ul/li nesting to represent the hierarchical structure of the tree
2014-12-15T19:07:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yep, that seemed to be the most semantic approach to me
2014-12-15T19:11:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - looks like the css file isn\'t committed
'

b'2014-12-15T00:00:29 <andres_malarres> Greetings from Athens
2014-12-15T00:07:38 * colinclark has quit
2014-12-15T00:41:18 * andres_malarres has left the channel
2014-12-15T00:46:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-12-15T00:52:28 * colinclark has quit
2014-12-15T02:00:55 * windowsbox joined the channel
2014-12-15T02:06:54 * windowsbox has quit
2014-12-15T03:22:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-12-15T04:03:17 * windowsbox joined the channel
2014-12-15T04:21:57 * windowsbox has quit
2014-12-15T04:56:07 * colinclark has quit
2014-12-15T05:13:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-12-15T05:16:47 * colinclark has quit
2014-12-15T06:18:28 * windowsbox joined the channel
2014-12-15T06:25:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-12-15T06:26:03 * sgithens______ joined the channel
2014-12-15T06:26:54 * sgithens_____ has quit
2014-12-15T06:26:56 * sgithens______ is now known as sgithens_____
2014-12-15T06:28:38 * jhernandez has quit
2014-12-15T06:30:05 * kasparnet has quit
2014-12-15T06:35:55 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-12-15T06:37:35 * windowsbox has quit
2014-12-15T06:43:12 * jhernandez has quit
2014-12-15T07:57:54 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-12-15T08:22:33 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-12-15T08:24:26 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-12-15T08:45:00 <jhernandez> Bosmon8: Bosmon morning AANTVANIGGG
2014-12-15T09:28:24 * slim_jim joined the channel
2014-12-15T09:43:28 * jhernandez has quit
2014-12-15T09:44:54 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-12-15T09:45:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-12-15T09:45:37 <kasparnet> morning slim_jim
2014-12-15T09:46:47 <kasparnet> jhernandez and I attempted to go through the review scenarios and ran into an issue with the USB listener
2014-12-15T09:49:02 <kasparnet> but couldn\'t get it to work
2014-12-15T09:50:23 <kasparnet> we followed the instructions here: https://github.com/OpenDirective/GPII-windows/releases/tag/Listeners_V1.3.0
2014-12-15T09:50:45 <kasparnet> but on double clicking the USB listener (or running it from the command line for that matter) - nothing happens
2014-12-15T09:51:51 <kasparnet> we couldn\'t find any error logs in the windows event thingy either - so not sure what\'s wrong
2014-12-15T09:52:08 <kasparnet> we tested on windows 64 and 32 bit - both in a VM and native install
2014-12-15T10:07:18 * andres_malarres joined the channel
2014-12-15T10:07:32 <andres_malarres> hi kasparnet slim_jim
2014-12-15T10:07:51 <andres_malarres> the usb listener just works without opening a console windows or whatever
2014-12-15T10:08:15 <andres_malarres> you can check that the task admininstrator under windows now has a new process
2014-12-15T10:08:17 <slim_jim> kasparnet: andres_malarres Good morning!
2014-12-15T10:09:10 <slim_jim> kasparnet: I\'ll look again at the USB listener. I tested at some point but don\'t think anyone else has.
2014-12-15T10:10:01 <andres_malarres> wwell i tested at tifloinnova ;-)
2014-12-15T10:10:04 <slim_jim> kasparnet: andres_malarres That\'s right. I proposed we added a similar task tray icon for the USB listener so can monitor.
2014-12-15T10:10:10 <andres_malarres> 48 working without an issue :-D
2014-12-15T10:10:16 <slim_jim> thanks for the suggestion
2014-12-15T10:10:43 <slim_jim> andres_malarres: thank you for testing! You are now official tester :-P
2014-12-15T10:10:45 <andres_malarres> except for the people that opened it several times, then it doesn\'t work
2014-12-15T10:10:57 <slim_jim> hehe
2014-12-15T10:11:11 <andres_malarres> maybe you can add like a barrier "if i detect the process runing then i dont open another"
2014-12-15T10:11:45 <slim_jim> that is possible - but perhaps not so necessary if we have the tray icon?
2014-12-15T10:31:37 <jhernandez> slim_jim: well, looks like the usb listener is actually working
2014-12-15T10:33:33 <slim_jim> kasparnet: can you confirm it works for you if you run it once - and GPII is running of course ! :)
2014-12-15T10:33:37 <jhernandez> but, I\'d say that yes, we get the tray icon when running the NFC listener but not with the USB one
2014-12-15T10:33:55 <jhernandez> slim_jim: yes, it\'s working, just tried it
2014-12-15T10:34:37 <slim_jim> \\0/ jhernandez thanks - I missed your message in multi tasking
2014-12-15T10:34:43 <jhernandez> heh, no prob
2014-12-15T10:35:35 <slim_jim> jhernandez: I think we should have a single GPII tray icon
2014-12-15T10:37:27 <slim_jim> http://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-1012
2014-12-15T10:40:47 <jhernandez> yeah
2014-12-15T10:40:50 <jhernandez> definetly
2014-12-15T10:48:55 * andres_malarres has quit
2014-12-15T11:29:31 * kasparnet has quit
2014-12-15T12:06:21 * jhernandez has quit
2014-12-15T12:26:34 * jhung joined the channel
2014-12-15T12:35:13 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-12-15T12:51:04 * jhernandez has quit
2014-12-15T12:53:19 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-12-15T13:12:35 * slim_jim has quit
2014-12-15T13:13:34 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-12-15T13:16:13 * slim_jim joined the channel
2014-12-15T13:38:06 * slim_jim has quit
2014-12-15T13:40:28 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-12-15T13:50:20 * slim_jim joined the channel
2014-12-15T13:50:34 * Bosmon8 has quit
2014-12-15T13:51:35 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-12-15T13:55:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-12-15T13:56:45 * jessm joined the channel
2014-12-15T14:03:49 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-12-15T14:04:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you know if there is a security meeting today?
2014-12-15T14:04:23 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, there is
2014-12-15T14:04:55 <Justin_o> do you know which room it\'s in, i don\'t see anyone in the one i was expecting
2014-12-15T14:05:13 <Bosmon> We\'re trying to see if KASPERNETT might let us in to it
2014-12-15T14:05:21 <Justin_o> ah okay
2014-12-15T14:05:22 <Bosmon> He is at the integration meetings
2014-12-15T14:05:33 <Justin_o> i see
2014-12-15T14:05:50 <jessm> Bosmon: Justin_o: you two need to get into the 7 GtM room?
2014-12-15T14:06:01 <jessm> nevermind
2014-12-15T14:09:31 * Sepideh joined the channel
2014-12-15T14:20:26 * yzen joined the channel
2014-12-15T14:34:57 * michelled joined the channel
2014-12-15T14:41:43 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-12-15T14:44:03 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-12-15T14:58:03 <colinclark> hey Bosmon
2014-12-15T14:58:07 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-12-15T14:59:17 * slim_jim has quit
2014-12-15T15:03:07 * jhung has quit
2014-12-15T15:03:07 * Sepideh has quit
2014-12-15T15:09:10 <jhernandez> hey guys, it\'s me, again, struggling with fluid.set/get and nested keys in a gpii settings handler
2014-12-15T15:09:46 <jhernandez> here\'s a stypi with the problem I\'m dealing with
2014-12-15T15:11:14 <jhernandez> any help would be appreciated, and of course, a beer/mojito/whatever_you_want_to_drink when/where possible
2014-12-15T15:11:30 <jhernandez> here\'s the sypi: https://code.stypi.com/jhernandez/evilSettingsBlock
2014-12-15T15:12:48 <Bosmon> hi
2014-12-15T15:12:52 <Bosmon> Hey colinclark
2014-12-15T15:14:56 <Bosmon> jhernandez - so, can you say what you have in detail?
2014-12-15T15:16:13 * avtar joined the channel
2014-12-15T15:16:41 <Bosmon> I see your stypi 1 and 2
2014-12-15T15:19:19 <jhernandez> well, although the get part is working fine, I\'m not able to set it correctly
2014-12-15T15:19:38 <jhernandez> I end up with malformed settings blocks
2014-12-15T15:19:51 <Bosmon> Can you give me a specific example
2014-12-15T15:19:56 <Bosmon> And also showing me the code you are using
2014-12-15T15:21:38 <jhernandez> ok, I\'ll copy/paste a simplification of what I\'m trying to make it work, righht now I\'m just using a node console to try things
2014-12-15T15:28:51 <jhernandez> Bosmon: now updated https://code.stypi.com/jhernandez/evilSettingsBlock
2014-12-15T15:29:11 <Bosmon> Thanks jhernandez
2014-12-15T15:29:23 <jhernandez> you can see a portion of the code from line 20 onwards
2014-12-15T15:29:57 <jhernandez> you can directly copy/paste that inside a node console
2014-12-15T15:30:23 <jhernandez> and see what the values for currentSettings and newSettingsResponse are after running the code
2014-12-15T15:32:18 <jhernandez> as you can see, newSettingsResponse is perfectly filled with the return value for the .set action
2014-12-15T15:33:23 <jhernandez> Bosmon: thanks again, I know you\'re pretty busy with the security MONSTA
2014-12-15T15:33:27 <jhernandez> :P
2014-12-15T15:41:46 <jhernandez> Bosmon: we\'re leaving the room now, so if I\'m not connected anymore when you have an answer, just write it down directly in the stypi
2014-12-15T15:46:04 * jhernandez has quit
2014-12-15T15:51:18 <anastasiac> good morning, danaayotte. I\xe2\x80\x99m trying to catch up on PGA stuff. Did you post updated designs last week, for discussion at the meeting on the 10th? If so, where would they be?
2014-12-15T15:56:01 <danaayotte> hi anastasiac, yes, i added wireframes and 2 scenarios to the wiki (to which Gregg added a 3rd scenario/use-case) http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28PGA%29+First+Discovery+Use+Case+Scenarios
2014-12-15T15:56:42 <anastasiac> ah, ok, thanks. I\xe2\x80\x99ll have a look. How was the meeting on Wed
2014-12-15T15:56:43 <anastasiac> ?
2014-12-15T15:57:53 <jessm> anastasiac: it was good/intense
2014-12-15T15:58:05 <jessm> anastasiac: there\xe2\x80\x99s a pretty rich thread on list i\xe2\x80\x99m wondering if you can help piece through
2014-12-15T15:58:13 <jessm> it includes assumptions, priorities, etc.
2014-12-15T15:58:28 <anastasiac> yes, I\xe2\x80\x99ve been reading it
2014-12-15T15:58:35 <anastasiac> some good points, and good questions
2014-12-15T15:58:38 <jessm> i think we\xe2\x80\x99re getting close to having to sit down with colinclark and michelled to talk about what we\xe2\x80\x99re actually going to be developing and get a move on
2014-12-15T15:58:44 <anastasiac> agreed
2014-12-15T15:59:01 <colinclark> I look forward to that
2014-12-15T16:00:13 <jessm> anastasiac: perhaps we can set a goal of having that convo next week Mon or Tues?
2014-12-15T16:00:26 <anastasiac> sounds good, jessm
2014-12-15T16:01:43 <Justin_o> anastasiac: floe meeting
2014-12-15T16:01:52 <Justin_o> in the standup roon
2014-12-15T16:01:53 <Justin_o> room
2014-12-15T16:06:56 * slim_jim joined the channel
2014-12-15T16:16:07 * michelled has quit
2014-12-15T16:24:44 * yzen has quit
2014-12-15T16:27:33 * cindyli has quit
2014-12-15T16:29:19 <colinclark> Bosmon, simonjb: You had a naming question for the OAuth work?
2014-12-15T16:29:47 <Bosmon> https://github.com/simonbates/gpii-oauth2
2014-12-15T16:29:56 <Bosmon> So in terms of this overall project name, I think that this is reasonable
2014-12-15T16:30:15 <Bosmon> And the proposal is for this to become a direct sibling of the other universal/gpii/node_modules entries
2014-12-15T16:30:20 <Bosmon> Such as lifecycleManager etc.
'

