b'2014-01-29T19:03:55 <colinclark> bummer
2014-01-29T19:03:57 <Justin_o_> colinclark: michelled is correct
2014-01-29T19:04:08 <colinclark> k
2014-01-29T19:04:08 <colinclark> sorry about that
2014-01-29T19:04:10 <anastasiac> so it would only work in chrome?
2014-01-29T19:04:59 <michelled> anastasiac: do you have an hour to see what would happen if we bring that demo up to code?
2014-01-29T19:05:15 <michelled> it\'s the \'demo\' branch in the infusion repo
2014-01-29T19:05:20 <anastasiac> could you elaborate on what you mean by "up to code"?
2014-01-29T19:05:41 <michelled> well, merge master into the demo branch and see how terrible it is to get the demo working again
2014-01-29T19:05:59 <michelled> and switch out the tts functionality with what\'s in ET
2014-01-29T19:06:24 <michelled> I\'m thinking, and I could be wrong here, that it might be worth our while to do that now if it can be done in a day or so
2014-01-29T19:06:49 <anastasiac> could you elaborate on "what\'s in ET"?
2014-01-29T19:07:05 <michelled> not really :) maybe Justin_o_ or cindyli could
2014-01-29T19:07:22 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: we modified the TTS code in ET from what is in the climate change demo
2014-01-29T19:07:31 <anastasiac> what is ET?
2014-01-29T19:07:34 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: so you\'d have to grab that code form the prefsEditors repo
2014-01-29T19:07:48 <Justin_o_> it\'s the exploration tool, formerly known as discovery tool
2014-01-29T19:07:52 <anastasiac> ah!
2014-01-29T19:07:54 <anastasiac> ok, that helps :-)
2014-01-29T19:08:23 <anastasiac> ok, I\'ll have a look at upgrading the demo branch to merge master in, see if we can get tts working
2014-01-29T19:08:27 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: this might be all you need
2014-01-29T19:08:29 <Justin_o_> https://github.com/fluid-project/prefsEditors/blob/master/src/explorationTool/js/SelfVoicingEnactor.js
2014-01-29T19:08:38 <anastasiac> thanks, Justin_o_
2014-01-29T19:08:49 <Justin_o_> and this dependency https://github.com/fluid-project/prefsEditors/tree/master/src/shared/lib/buzz
2014-01-29T19:08:56 <michelled> anastasiac: I guess a FLOE JIRA will be in order for this :)
2014-01-29T19:09:05 <michelled> meaning, please make one ;)
2014-01-29T19:09:26 <anastasiac> will do
2014-01-29T19:09:45 <anastasiac> michelled, this is a floe jira? not a fluid one?
2014-01-29T19:10:00 <Justin_o_> michelled: did you want to get it into infusion as a demo?
2014-01-29T19:10:10 <Justin_o_> if so might make sense to make it a fluid jira
2014-01-29T19:10:12 <michelled> yeah, I do, you\'re right
2014-01-29T19:10:12 <anastasiac> michelled: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5000 \x08
2014-01-29T19:10:20 <michelled> nice number :)
2014-01-29T19:10:35 <Justin_o_> we seem to have been quite proactive :)
2014-01-29T19:10:36 <anastasiac> old jira
2014-01-29T19:30:02 <anastasiac> git question, Justin_o_? Maybe michelled? What git diff command would I use to compare the demo brach to whatever commit it was first branched from?
2014-01-29T19:30:41 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: if you just want to see a list of logs i would do something like
2014-01-29T19:30:46 <michelled> git diff [commithash it was branched from] [current commit hash]
2014-01-29T19:31:16 <Justin_o_> git log demo ^branch which would show all the commits to the demo that aren\'t in the branch
2014-01-29T19:31:17 <anastasiac> michelled, how do I find out the commit has it was branched form?
2014-01-29T19:31:24 <Justin_o_> you can move the ^ to whichever one is the not coase
2014-01-29T19:31:32 <anastasiac> Justin_o_, I think that\'s what I\'m looking for, thanks for reminding me
2014-01-29T19:32:32 <Justin_o_> np
2014-01-29T19:33:00 <anastasiac> michelled, I think that getting the climate change demo into infusion might be simpler if we just start from scratch!! these two branches are h*lluva different
2014-01-29T19:33:09 <anastasiac> starting with plain html and adding UIO might be pretty quick
2014-01-29T19:33:30 <anastasiac> well, quicker, at least
2014-01-29T19:33:33 <michelled> that sounds fine anastasiac
2014-01-29T19:33:37 <anastasiac> since it wouldn\'t be vanilla uio
2014-01-29T19:34:14 <anastasiac> michelled, it would mean that the commit history for the demo wouldn\'t be there, in master
2014-01-29T19:34:15 <michelled> sounds like it might serve to test or help with the creation of prefs framework docs two :)
2014-01-29T19:34:16 <anastasiac> is that ok?
2014-01-29T19:34:22 <anastasiac> ah, good point :-)
2014-01-29T19:34:28 <anastasiac> I will do it from that perspective
2014-01-29T19:34:31 <anastasiac> thanks!
2014-01-29T19:36:04 <michelled> Justin_o_, colinclark, Bosmon: do any of you mind if we lose the commit history for the climate change demo? anastasiac is finding that it\'s going to take a lot longer to bring the demo branch up to master than it will to redo the demo using the html from the demo branch.
2014-01-29T19:36:22 <Bosmon> That\'s fine
2014-01-29T19:36:26 <michelled> personally, I\'d rather we do the work and get the demo in, so I\'m willing to sacrifice history
2014-01-29T19:39:15 <Justin_o_> michelled: i think that\'s okay
2014-01-29T19:39:46 <michelled> cool, go for it anastasiac
2014-01-29T19:39:47 * jhung has quit
2014-01-29T19:45:22 <anastasiac> michelled, Justin_o_, where do you think we should put the ClimateChange page in the current hierarchy? Conceptually, it is (in my eyes) a demo of the prefs framework. Where should it live?
2014-01-29T19:46:18 <michelled> makes sense as a prefs framework demo
2014-01-29T19:46:37 <anastasiac> we don\'t really have a home for framework demos
2014-01-29T19:46:42 <Justin_o_> michelled, anastasiac: what does that mean though.. manual test?
2014-01-29T19:47:38 <anastasiac> I think we should figure out a proper home for framework demos inside the demos folder; at the very least, create a prefsFramework subfolder there? We have one for kbd-a11y plugin...
2014-01-29T19:47:57 <michelled> other framework demos have top level directories here:
2014-01-29T19:47:59 <michelled> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/tree/master/src/demos
2014-01-29T19:48:02 <anastasiac> Are we worrying about keeping the old demo portal up-to-date?
2014-01-29T19:48:22 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: i think we plan to ditch that soon
2014-01-29T19:48:44 <Justin_o_> michelled: that\'s probably another blocker for 1.5, getting the demos up-to-date
2014-01-29T19:48:57 <michelled> yeah, you\'re right Justin_o_
2014-01-29T19:48:59 <Justin_o_> if we want them to be working nicely with vjoanna\'s new desings
2014-01-29T19:49:14 <anastasiac> so Justin_o_, if I create a new prefsFramework folder for the climate change demo, I should not worry about the portal, or about following the hierarchy required by the portal?
2014-01-29T19:50:22 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: i think that\'s fine
2014-01-29T19:50:53 <anastasiac> ok, I\'ll start with that. Thanks for the feedback, Justin_o_ and michelled
2014-01-29T19:51:12 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: i\'m thinking that regardless, it may not be suitable for the demo portal anyways..
2014-01-29T19:51:18 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: np
2014-01-29T20:07:33 <Justin_o_> michelled: there\'s a broken link in jhung\'s pull request.. looks like he\'s gone though... mind if i just fix it and push up to master?
2014-01-29T20:10:20 <michelled> go for it Justin_o_
2014-01-29T20:10:27 <Justin_o_> michelled: okay, thanks
2014-01-29T20:19:37 <Justin_o_> anastasiac, michelled: build site pull request merged into master
2014-01-29T20:20:14 <anastasiac> yay!
2014-01-29T21:33:04 * cindyli has quit
2014-01-29T21:49:15 <colinclark> hey michelled
2014-01-29T21:49:18 <colinclark> gots a quick sec?
2014-01-29T21:50:10 <michelled> a quick one, yes :)
2014-01-29T21:51:41 <colinclark> So the issue of the PMT breaking
2014-01-29T21:51:59 <colinclark> losing its ability to POST new preference sets to the Preferences Server, it looks like
2014-01-29T21:52:09 <colinclark> that Kasper and Justin were talking about on list today
2014-01-29T21:52:16 <colinclark> Does that sound right?
2014-01-29T21:52:29 <michelled> yes
2014-01-29T21:52:35 <colinclark> So it seems to me that this is the Same Origin Policy rearing up again
2014-01-29T21:52:42 <colinclark> It\'s a pretty simple concept, in general
2014-01-29T21:52:58 <colinclark> Pages served from one domain can\'t make requests to another domain
2014-01-29T21:53:30 <colinclark> I think our infatuation with CORS has probably obscured some of the issues of how our components should interact
2014-01-29T21:53:48 <colinclark> but it seems to me that we\'re going to need to have a real Kettle server for the PMT
2014-01-29T21:54:08 <colinclark> if it wants to be able to make XHR requests to the cloud-based preferences server
2014-01-29T21:54:26 <colinclark> or a real something server, anyway
2014-01-29T21:54:26 <colinclark> :)
2014-01-29T21:54:52 <michelled> ah, good point
2014-01-29T21:55:07 <colinclark> Bosmon: Presumably we would need to modify Kettle to enable it to serve a directory of static files at this point?
2014-01-29T21:55:22 <colinclark> Something to put on the to do list, michelled :(
2014-01-29T21:56:03 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-29T21:56:27 <Bosmon> colinclark - perhaps not "modify" as such, but certainly "make it do something we haven\'t tried yet" : P
2014-01-29T21:56:38 <colinclark> :)
2014-01-29T21:56:45 <colinclark> Yep, that\'s what I mean
2014-01-29T21:57:21 <michelled> that\'s cool colinclark - I\'ve been expecting a bit of work with getting this working
2014-01-29T21:57:47 <michelled> I like that the work involves testing and improving kettle
2014-01-29T21:58:24 <colinclark> Bosmon: Here\'s the colossal hack I put into "pi cat" to serve up a single HTML page: https://github.com/colinbdclark/picat/blob/master/lib/picat-app.js#L65-L78
2014-01-29T21:59:03 <Bosmon> colinclark - wow :)
2014-01-29T21:59:11 <colinclark> pretty bad, I know
2014-01-29T21:59:37 <Bosmon> If a former member of the team were here, he might say.... "It works" : P
2014-01-29T21:59:57 <colinclark> lol
2014-01-29T22:00:01 <colinclark> well, he is :)
2014-01-29T22:00:17 <Bosmon> : P
2014-01-29T22:00:30 <michelled> colinclark: I need to head out now, but will certainly pick this up in the morning. thanks for the pointers.
2014-01-29T22:00:38 <colinclark> If we were pressed, I think we could probably generalize this sufficiently into a new handler type that you can "attach" to a file system directory
2014-01-29T22:00:45 <colinclark> michelled: No problem
2014-01-29T22:01:09 <colinclark> With appropriate content type mapping and so on
2014-01-29T22:01:23 <colinclark> I forget if we even had this capability in Old Kettle?
2014-01-29T22:02:05 * clown has left the channel
2014-01-29T22:02:58 <colinclark> If I had a magical report-writing elf, I\'d start on this right now
2014-01-29T22:03:08 <michelled> Bosmon: I haven\'t managed to test the 5185 pull request yet, but I did read it all and the only thing I saw were those console logs we talked about
2014-01-29T22:03:11 <colinclark> but it seems I am indeed the report-writing elf
2014-01-29T22:03:14 <michelled> testing will have to wait for tomorrow
2014-01-29T22:04:24 <Bosmon> colinclark - yes, the Old Kettle could mount directories etc.
2014-01-29T22:04:35 <Bosmon> michelled - thanks for making a start!
2014-01-29T22:04:47 <colinclark> very wow
2014-01-29T22:09:05 * michelled has quit
2014-01-29T22:18:10 * anastasiac has quit
2014-01-29T22:25:03 * anvk has quit
2014-01-29T22:43:37 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-01-29T22:53:49 * Bosmon has quit
2014-01-29T22:57:24 * jhernand1z joined the channel
2014-01-29T22:58:49 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-01-29T23:00:30 * jhernandez has quit
2014-01-29T23:03:24 * Bosmon has quit
2014-01-29T23:18:23 * vjoanna has quit
2014-01-29T23:19:14 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-01-29T23:47:55 * jessm has quit
2014-01-29T23:48:32 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-29T23:56:20 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2014-01-29T23:56:42 * kasparnet has quit
'

b'2014-01-29T16:47:05 <clown> Well, I must be duly respectful from now on.
2014-01-29T16:47:42 <jhernandez> clown: yes!
2014-01-29T16:47:43 <jhernandez> xDDD
2014-01-29T16:48:07 <Bosmon> Actually this page might be a bit less HTML5-focused: http://blog.mediumequalsmessage.com/promise-deferred-objects-in-javascript-pt1-theory-and-semantics
2014-01-29T16:48:24 <Bosmon> This certainly comes into the category of information that "every gentleman ought to know"
2014-01-29T16:48:38 <clown> what about gentlewomen?
2014-01-29T16:48:57 <avtar> ^ this
2014-01-29T16:49:04 <jhernandez> xDDDD
2014-01-29T16:49:09 <jhung> anastasiac: are you starting with a branch from https://github.com/fluid-project/fluidproject.org or did you create a new personal repo?
2014-01-29T16:49:51 <clown> btw, jhernandez, 10min until the gotomeeting.
2014-01-29T16:49:58 <clown> anything we should cover before then?
2014-01-29T16:50:02 <jhernandez> Bosmon: thanks for the literature
2014-01-29T16:50:11 <clown> yes, Bosmon:  ditto.
2014-01-29T16:50:12 <anastasiac> jhung, I don\'t see anything in that repo at all!
2014-01-29T16:50:16 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-29T16:50:26 <jhung> anastasiac: yeah. :)
2014-01-29T16:50:53 * clown suddenly has the vague memory of dojo.deferred objects
2014-01-29T16:50:55 <jhernandez> clown: not from my side, just going to check GPII-413 & 414
2014-01-29T16:51:41 <clown> IMHO, we are well on the way with respect to GPII-413.
2014-01-29T16:51:58 <clown> whoops, I meant 414, jhernandez
2014-01-29T16:52:15 <jhernandez> ok
2014-01-29T16:52:42 <cindyli> Bosmon: is the new model relay system that can accommodate the transformation ready somewhere?
2014-01-29T16:52:48 <clown> for 413, we need to build something that accesses the solution registry, and uses that as input to the packgekit add-on.
2014-01-29T16:53:25 <anastasiac> jhung, repo created. fork away!
2014-01-29T16:53:40 <clown> oh, and for 414, I meant reporting on packages, not on hardwre.
2014-01-29T16:53:45 <clown> *hardware
2014-01-29T16:53:55 <jhernandez> clown: 413 is not related to our DR stuff (for right)
2014-01-29T16:53:56 <anastasiac> jhung, also: the html files should probably not be in an html folder
2014-01-29T16:54:11 * michelled joined the channel
2014-01-29T16:54:14 <jhung> Here\'s your jira anastasiac http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5261
2014-01-29T16:54:37 <jhernandez> s/right/now/
2014-01-29T16:55:02 <jhernandez> clown: the same for 414
2014-01-29T16:55:05 <clown> okay.  I need to understand the solutions registry better, I guess.
2014-01-29T16:55:22 <clown> Oh?  Where does this packagekit stuff fit in then?
2014-01-29T16:55:56 <clown> brb
2014-01-29T16:56:53 <jhung> anastasiac: good point thanks.
2014-01-29T16:57:06 <jhernandez> wait wait wait
2014-01-29T16:57:27 <jhernandez> sorry, I was looking at "313"
2014-01-29T16:57:29 <jhernandez> :(
2014-01-29T16:57:37 <jhernandez> I need a nap
2014-01-29T16:58:43 <jhernandez> yes! they\'re totally reelated to "my" 2nd point of the agenda
2014-01-29T16:58:54 * clown is back
2014-01-29T16:59:03 * clown reading log
2014-01-29T16:59:13 <clown> oh, okay jhernandez.  Cool.
2014-01-29T16:59:32 <jhernandez> should I add a comment on these jiras with my thoughts?
2014-01-29T16:59:47 <clown> I was going to do that, but you can too.
2014-01-29T17:00:00 <clown> I just wanted to make sure I was in the right ball park before adding a comment.
2014-01-29T17:00:39 <clown> now that I know\xe2\x80\xa6  But, maybe we would say slightly different things...
2014-01-29T17:00:39 <jhernandez> ok, I have the big picture, and I have to address a few things before start coding
2014-01-29T17:00:57 <clown> sure.  and we are (slightly) late for the arch meeting...
2014-01-29T17:01:04 <jhernandez> hahaha
2014-01-29T17:01:15 * jhernandez joining ...
2014-01-29T17:02:06 * clown joined.  (beat you jhernandez :-) )
2014-01-29T17:02:27 * clown looks back to find  jhernandez\'s item 2.
2014-01-29T17:02:44 <kasparnet> Bosmon: can you join the meeting?
2014-01-29T17:05:22 <Bosmon> kasparnet - yes
2014-01-29T17:06:23 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes, it is ready
2014-01-29T17:06:26 <Bosmon> But it still requires review
2014-01-29T17:07:52 <cindyli> Bosmon: which pull is it - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pulls
2014-01-29T17:08:36 <cindyli> or which branch is it?
2014-01-29T17:11:36 <Bosmon> cindyli - this one: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/447
2014-01-29T17:11:46 <cindyli> thanks
2014-01-29T17:20:26 <michelled> Bosmon: just to make sure - does the 5185 pull request depend on any of the others?
2014-01-29T17:20:42 <Bosmon> michelled - no, it is self-contained
2014-01-29T17:20:46 <michelled> great, thanks
2014-01-29T17:21:27 <michelled> Justin_o_, anastasiac, jhung: I just wanted to get an update - who\'s got the build site update on their plate at the moment?
2014-01-29T17:21:55 <anastasiac> jhung was going to rework our branch so that it would better merge with master
2014-01-29T17:22:12 <michelled> great - jhung how\'s that going?
2014-01-29T17:30:08 <jhung> michelled: there\'s been a new pull request submitted. https://github.com/fluid-project/build.fluidproject.org/pull/8
2014-01-29T17:30:35 <michelled> thx jhung!
2014-01-29T17:30:39 <jhung> np michelled
2014-01-29T17:35:03 <clown> so, jhernandez, just to put closure (for now):  are we done?  Or do you have other things you want to discuss?
2014-01-29T17:36:46 <jhernandez> clown: not now (I guess)
2014-01-29T17:36:49 <jhernandez> :)
2014-01-29T17:37:15 <clown> sure.  I\'m still here.  If either of us has something to say, we can ping each other.  :-)
2014-01-29T17:37:25 <clown> have a nice evening!
2014-01-29T17:38:21 <jhernandez> sure
2014-01-29T17:38:39 <jhernandez> thanks, and have a nice day
2014-01-29T17:38:39 <jhernandez> :P
2014-01-29T17:38:47 * clown reaches for his lunch...
2014-01-29T17:38:53 <jhernandez> clown: go go go!
2014-01-29T17:45:33 <Justin_o_> cindyli: i fixed the merge conflicts for the FLOE-116. However, the captions model isn\'t being saved properly.. would you mind taking a look at this. Or should we just ignore it for now, since you are going to be changing that up in the work you are doing now?
2014-01-29T17:46:56 <cindyli> Justin_o_: let me take a look first so we don\'t break the master when this pull request gets in
2014-01-29T17:47:04 <Justin_o_> cindyli: thanks
2014-01-29T17:47:08 <cindyli> np
2014-01-29T17:49:40 <Justin_o_> michelled, anastasiac, jhung: i can take a look at the build site pull request now, till i start pairing up with avtar
2014-01-29T17:49:57 <michelled> thanks Justin_o_!
2014-01-29T17:52:32 <avtar> Justin_o_: i\'m ready
2014-01-29T17:52:56 <Justin_o_> avtar: okay.. i\'m ready too
2014-01-29T17:52:57 <avtar> unless you want to deal with the pull request first
2014-01-29T17:53:03 <avtar> ok we\'re both ready now
2014-01-29T18:02:27 <michelled> Justin_o_: thanks for dealing with that pull request. can you and avtar do a pull on the vm?
2014-01-29T18:02:50 <Justin_o_> michelled: you mean update it once the pull request is in?
2014-01-29T18:03:01 <michelled> yeah - oh, I see - you closed the old one :)
2014-01-29T18:04:02 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-01-29T18:05:59 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-01-29T18:06:11 <Justin_o_> jhung: did you include both the min and regular versions of bootstrap in the repo?
2014-01-29T18:11:32 <jhung> Justin_o_: yes they should both be there.
2014-01-29T18:11:55 <jhung> anastasiac: do you know if there was a jira for the video player icons?
2014-01-29T18:12:27 <anastasiac> no, jhung, it would probably just fall under VP-297
2014-01-29T18:14:28 <jhung> anastasiac: thanks. I\'m going to create a new Jira for this icon font work.
2014-01-29T18:14:40 <anastasiac> ok
2014-01-29T18:17:13 <Justin_o_> jhung: is there a reason to have both there.. i guess it doesn\'t really matter, but curious
2014-01-29T18:25:50 <Justin_o_> jhung: left a comment about the url for videoPlayer being incorrect. I\'ve provided the correct one in the comments
2014-01-29T18:32:17 <jhung> ok thanks Justin_o_. I\'ll check the URL. as for bootstrap - I can delete the minified version.
2014-01-29T18:32:37 <Justin_o_> jhung: thanks..
2014-01-29T18:33:27 <Justin_o_> jhung: as for bootstrap i guess it doesn\'t matter at this point.. i guess we might want to go with minified for production though, we can decide that later i guess
2014-01-29T18:34:29 <jhung> Justin_o_: ok. So I\'ll leave them in. :)
2014-01-29T18:35:04 <Justin_o_> jhung: sure
2014-01-29T18:35:09 <Justin_o_> so just the url to worry about now
2014-01-29T18:35:44 <jhung> ok got it.
2014-01-29T18:36:54 <jhung> Justin_o_: pull request updated
2014-01-29T18:37:17 <Justin_o_> jhung: great thanks.. just waiting on our infusion build to test out the rest of the links, but other than that, it looks good
2014-01-29T18:37:19 <jhung> anastasiac: should I be working from your VP-297 branch?
2014-01-29T18:37:32 <jhung> great thanks Justin_o_
2014-01-29T18:37:45 <anastasiac> jhung, that would probably be best. Tests are not ideal, but it works otherwise
2014-01-29T18:37:59 <jhung> ok
2014-01-29T18:42:34 <jhung> anastasiac: fyi, I get a merge conflict in GruntFile.js when I merge your VP-297 into my local master. I assume I should accept the modifications from your branch?
2014-01-29T18:43:11 <anastasiac> not sure, I didn\'t do anything myself to Grunt, cindy did, and I haven\'t tested it. Have a look at the conflict, maybe you can figure it out
2014-01-29T18:44:29 <jhung> anastasiac: I can see that the main: block was replaced by an all: block. cindyli do you have any insight?
2014-01-29T18:45:04 <cindyli> catching up ur conversation, jhung
2014-01-29T18:47:17 <cindyli> umm\xe2\x80\xa6 I don\'t recall I made any change in GruntFile.js. but let me double check VP-297 branch, jhung
2014-01-29T18:50:52 <cindyli> jhung: here\'s the commit for it: https://github.com/cindyli/videoPlayer/commit/70b3afd0ee45154d0b1da26cf5e9ff5acb33e4bf, seems it\'s been using "all" from the beginning
2014-01-29T18:52:10 <jhung> so strange cindyli. I got my original files from master.
2014-01-29T18:53:01 <jhung> cindyli: either way, I\'ll fix my conflict and continue. :)
2014-01-29T18:53:30 <cindyli> +1, jhung ;)
2014-01-29T18:56:21 <cindyli> Justin_o_: i\'ve fixed the issue with captions changes not being saved and pushed up to my FLOE-116 branch. you may wanna merge it in.
2014-01-29T18:57:23 <Justin_o_> cindyli: thanks so much
2014-01-29T18:57:43 <cindyli> anytime
2014-01-29T18:59:21 <Justin_o_> cindyli: sorry.. all of that just because i changed the name of the key in the model
2014-01-29T18:59:31 <Justin_o_> michelled: https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/19 is ready for code review now
2014-01-29T18:59:51 <michelled> thx Justin_o_
2014-01-29T19:00:07 <michelled> Justin_o_: how\'d the infusion build go?
2014-01-29T19:00:28 * Bosmon has quit
2014-01-29T19:00:43 <michelled> anastasiac: can I interrupt you for a few minutes?
2014-01-29T19:00:50 <anastasiac> sure
2014-01-29T19:01:24 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-01-29T19:01:34 <michelled> could you please test the climate change demo to make sure that text to speech is working?
2014-01-29T19:01:43 <michelled> I guess we want to make sure the demo is working in general too
2014-01-29T19:01:52 <michelled> and then update the link from the floe site?
2014-01-29T19:02:24 <anastasiac> michelled, are there still browser restrictions regarding tts?
2014-01-29T19:02:36 <michelled> on that demo, yes
2014-01-29T19:02:55 <anastasiac> this link, right? http://demo.floeproject.org/integration-demos/uiOptions/ClimateChange.html
2014-01-29T19:03:00 <michelled> yes
2014-01-29T19:03:07 <colinclark> Didn\'t we come up with a fix for the browser support issue a long time ago?
2014-01-29T19:03:29 <colinclark> I could have sworn that yzen or Justin_o_ changed libraries and it added support for Firefox
2014-01-29T19:03:38 <colinclark> but maybe I\'ve been mentally time travelling again
2014-01-29T19:03:43 <michelled> my understanding was that it was only for the ET
2014-01-29T19:03:51 <michelled> that climate change lives in the dark ages
2014-01-29T19:03:54 <colinclark> oh :(
'

b'2014-01-29T15:20:50 <clown> that returns about 50 things.  This is the one that probably most important:  nodejs-0.10.24-1.fc20.x86_64
2014-01-29T15:22:04 <jhernandez> cool
2014-01-29T15:22:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-01-29T15:22:41 <clown> here is the full set of results, jhernandez:  http://pastebin.ca/2599559
2014-01-29T15:22:50 <jhernandez> we\'re in the same version, but different arch
2014-01-29T15:22:57 <jhernandez> thx!
2014-01-29T15:23:20 <clown> lots of "noarch" in there.
2014-01-29T15:23:57 <jhernandez> yeah, nodejs modules
2014-01-29T15:24:39 <jhernandez> anyhoo, will try to get a useful trace using gdb
2014-01-29T15:25:17 <clown> jhernandez:  I could uninstall nodejs, and try to force a i386 install, and test again.  What do you think?
2014-01-29T15:25:31 <jhernandez> hmmm
2014-01-29T15:26:15 <jhernandez> maybe it could be helpful
2014-01-29T15:26:53 <clown> okay.  I\'ll give it a go.
2014-01-29T15:27:12 <jhernandez> ok
2014-01-29T15:27:15 <jhernandez> good luck!
2014-01-29T15:27:16 <jhernandez> :P
2014-01-29T15:27:28 * clown starts reading yum\'s man page...
2014-01-29T15:27:30 <clown> :-)
2014-01-29T15:27:42 <jhernandez> xDDD
2014-01-29T15:29:28 <clown> jhernandez:  point of clarification \xe2\x80\x94 you are using i386 version of F20?
2014-01-29T15:29:32 * jhernandez starts cloning node, I have to build it by myself with --gdb option
2014-01-29T15:29:33 <jhernandez> yes
2014-01-29T15:29:38 <jhernandez> I am using i386
2014-01-29T15:31:53 <jhernandez> (in my two laptops)
2014-01-29T15:32:07 <clown> thanks.  have fun building node from scratch!
2014-01-29T15:32:33 <clown> if it matters, my x64 F20 is a virtual box VM.
2014-01-29T15:32:42 <jhernandez> ok
2014-01-29T15:33:04 * clown assumes it probaby doesn\'t matter, but just in case.
2014-01-29T15:33:24 * jhernandez nods
2014-01-29T15:33:39 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-01-29T15:34:58 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-29T15:43:38 <clown> jhernandez:  minor issue:  I can\'t find an i386 package.  All I see are x86_64 and i686.  Is the latter good enough?
2014-01-29T15:45:16 <jhernandez> yes
2014-01-29T15:45:28 <clown> cool
2014-01-29T15:45:40 <jhernandez> that\'s my package\'s version
2014-01-29T15:45:42 <jhernandez> :)
2014-01-29T15:49:56 <clown> okay, it looks like I have i686 of node installed \xe2\x80\x94 time to try the unit tests...
2014-01-29T15:51:02 <clown> weird.  not seg fault, but no tests either:  "All tests concluded: 0/0 total passed in 16ms - PASS"
2014-01-29T15:53:04 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-29T15:53:30 <clown> d\'oh!  I forgot to recompile the nodepackagkit add on, since it is currently an x86_64 ELF.
2014-01-29T15:54:45 <jhernandez> yes!
2014-01-29T15:55:12 <jhernandez> well
2014-01-29T15:55:19 <jhernandez> I have news
2014-01-29T15:55:27 <jhernandez> now the tests are running well here
2014-01-29T15:55:41 <clown> \\o/
2014-01-29T15:55:54 <jhernandez> but I\'m using the same release version of node
2014-01-29T15:56:20 * jhernandez checks the f20\'s rpm source package
2014-01-29T15:56:33 <clown> wow...
2014-01-29T15:59:49 <jhernandez> maybe they\'ve to make a rebuild of the nodejs package
2014-01-29T16:02:54 <clown> okay.  I\'m still trying to rebuild via node-gyp here.  Should I keep at it?  I\'m now stuck in that I\'m missing \'json-glib-1.0\', probably from when I removed the 64k version of nodejs.
2014-01-29T16:03:08 <jhernandez> yes
2014-01-29T16:03:45 <clown> actually, no.  I have the 64k version of that library, and node-gyp doesn\'t want to use it.
2014-01-29T16:03:55 <clown> So, I have to remove the 64k version first...
2014-01-29T16:04:02 <jhernandez> I recommend you to stop with this experiment
2014-01-29T16:04:05 <jhernandez> :P
2014-01-29T16:04:10 <clown> fine with me!
2014-01-29T16:04:12 <clown> :-)
2014-01-29T16:04:28 * michelled joined the channel
2014-01-29T16:04:30 <clown> But\xe2\x80\xa6 that means I have to remove all of the i686 stuff now...
2014-01-29T16:04:39 <clown> "one moment please".
2014-01-29T16:04:47 <jhernandez> ahaha
2014-01-29T16:05:03 <jhernandez> that\'s the reason I suggested you to stop with it
2014-01-29T16:05:04 <jhernandez> :P
2014-01-29T16:08:30 <jhernandez> anyway
2014-01-29T16:08:32 <jhernandez> meeting time
2014-01-29T16:08:37 * avtar joined the channel
2014-01-29T16:10:18 * yzen has quit
2014-01-29T16:11:01 <clown> yes, jhernandez, meeting time.  But, aren\'t we already meeting?
2014-01-29T16:11:12 <clown> Or, are we meeting somewhere else?
2014-01-29T16:11:12 <jhernandez> heh
2014-01-29T16:11:19 <jhernandez> yes
2014-01-29T16:11:29 <jhernandez> that\'s true
2014-01-29T16:11:30 * clown has reinstated x86 version of node.
2014-01-29T16:11:31 <jhernandez> heheh
2014-01-29T16:12:53 * clown re-running tests.  They all pass.
2014-01-29T16:13:12 <clown> so, how do you want to meet?
2014-01-29T16:13:50 <jhernandez> I think that for today IRC is enough
2014-01-29T16:13:53 <jhernandez> :)
2014-01-29T16:14:07 <clown> we will miss each other\'s lovely accents.
2014-01-29T16:14:09 <clown> :-)
2014-01-29T16:14:50 <clown> anyhow, do you have an agenda?
2014-01-29T16:15:27 <jhernandez> more or less
2014-01-29T16:15:30 <jhernandez> :P
2014-01-29T16:16:21 <clown> my agenda items are:  1.  can you review my pull requests, 2. what about using pkcon command line tool instead, and 3.  this is all about GPII-413 and GPII-414?
2014-01-29T16:16:47 <clown> issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-413
2014-01-29T16:16:52 <clown> http://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-414
2014-01-29T16:17:10 <clown> what are your agenda items?
2014-01-29T16:17:50 <michelled> Justin_o_: can you resend me the pull you want me to look at?
2014-01-29T16:18:54 <jhernandez> my agenda items were: 1. Check notes from our last meeting, 2. Figure out how to start coding the device reporter stuff
2014-01-29T16:19:26 <anastasiac> jhung, have you tried creating a custom build of Bootstrap to work around the pixel line heights? Are there docs on how to do it - i.e. what to change? Or is it just the fact that it can be done, if you want to?
2014-01-29T16:19:27 <clown> Okay, mine are much more specific\xe2\x80\xa6  We can start with yours.
2014-01-29T16:19:40 <clown> Are your notes online, jhernandez?
2014-01-29T16:19:45 <jhernandez> your 1. yes! they\'re reviewed and will merge ASAP (as you already can imagine)
2014-01-29T16:19:57 <clown> woohoo!
2014-01-29T16:20:01 * clown dances
2014-01-29T16:20:04 <jhernandez> ahahaah
2014-01-29T16:20:48 <jhernandez> 2. does pkcon provides the same features we\'re already providing with our module?
2014-01-29T16:20:55 <clown> yes, and more.
2014-01-29T16:20:59 <jhernandez> hm
2014-01-29T16:21:04 <clown> alas, it is very poorly documented.
2014-01-29T16:21:08 <jhung> anastasiac: I don\'t know of any docs - I haven\'t looked. But if you go to the build customizer, there are LESS variables you can modify before downloading. http://getbootstrap.com/customize/#less-variables
2014-01-29T16:21:21 <clown> I had to look at the source code itself to figure out how it works.
2014-01-29T16:21:27 <anastasiac> okley, thanks for the pointer, jhung
2014-01-29T16:21:47 <jhung> anastasiac: np. It\'ll require testing because it\'ll invariably change the way the layouts look.
2014-01-29T16:22:10 <anastasiac> indeed
2014-01-29T16:22:40 <clown> e.g.  pkcon search <name>  \xe2\x80\x94filter does what our seachPackage() does.
2014-01-29T16:23:01 <clown> gah.  that\'s " - - filter "(two dashes).
2014-01-29T16:23:15 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-29T16:23:16 <jhernandez> ok
2014-01-29T16:24:04 * jhernandez looks for the "installing and uninstalling packages" commandline tool
2014-01-29T16:24:09 <clown> you can see it in action with "pkcon search name tuxguitar"
2014-01-29T16:25:35 * clown tries to remember how he discovered pkcon \xe2\x80\x94 that was at least three months ago...
2014-01-29T16:25:48 <clown> I though it just came with an installation of package kit
2014-01-29T16:27:17 * clown looks.
2014-01-29T16:27:57 <clown> it might be part of packagekit-glib2
2014-01-29T16:28:31 <jhernandez> well, I\'m not very used with command-line-output-processing stuff and js
2014-01-29T16:28:49 <Justin_o_> cindyli: merged in your FLOE-164 pull request
2014-01-29T16:29:11 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o_
2014-01-29T16:29:12 <jhernandez> s/with/to
2014-01-29T16:29:21 <Justin_o_> michelled: here is the pull request that we could use your help reviewing. https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/19
2014-01-29T16:29:43 <clown> Good point, jhernandez.  I explored it a bit with the "find" command line tool  \xe2\x80\x94 see my findSearchPk.js
2014-01-29T16:30:13 <clown> it requires writing call backs that handle stdout, stderr, etc.
2014-01-29T16:30:26 <clown> but the callbacks are written in JS.
2014-01-29T16:30:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-29T16:32:26 <clown> by my "findSearcPk.js", I mean https://github.com/klown/linux/blob/packagekitBridgeFilters/node_modules/packagekit/nodepackagekit/findSearchPk.js, jhernandez
2014-01-29T16:33:18 <clown> Look around line 137.
2014-01-29T16:34:47 <jhernandez> was looking at it
2014-01-29T16:34:49 * jhernandez nods
2014-01-29T16:37:21 * clown notes that if one is running multiple command line tools, the code to handle the callbacks gets a little complicated.
2014-01-29T16:39:31 <jhernandez> maybe that\'s the reason why Steve wrote the gsettings settings handler in C, and not the gsettings\' command-line tool
2014-01-29T16:40:00 <jhernandez> s/and not/and not used/
2014-01-29T16:40:08 <Bosmon> I do remember discussing it with him at the time
2014-01-29T16:40:16 <jhernandez> Bosmon: hey!
2014-01-29T16:40:18 <clown> could be.  That "findSearchPk.js" just handles one command line tool (find), but uses your packagekit node add-on for the rest of the work.
2014-01-29T16:40:21 * michelled has quit
2014-01-29T16:40:56 <Bosmon> The lack of apparent asynchrony I think certainly came into it.... also the fear that some crucial data structures might have got mangled in the wrapping - given the tool would simply call the C API anyway
2014-01-29T16:41:44 <jhernandez> Bosmon: makes sense, yes
2014-01-29T16:41:47 <Bosmon> If you\'re finding the asynchrony troubling, you could look into what we call the "IoC Testing Framework" - even though you\'re not writing tests http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/The+IoC+Testing+Framework
2014-01-29T16:41:55 <Bosmon> Or at the very least, you could look into the use of "promises"
2014-01-29T16:42:15 <Bosmon> This is a popular library that we use in the GPII framework: https://github.com/cujojs/when
2014-01-29T16:42:15 * yzen has quit
2014-01-29T16:42:45 <Bosmon> At least as a stopgap until we implement more fundamental framework techniques for dealing with asynchrony
2014-01-29T16:45:02 <Bosmon> This article might be worth reading: http://www.html5rocks.com/en/tutorials/es6/promises/
2014-01-29T16:45:26 * clown adds another bookmark.  thanks Bosmon.
2014-01-29T16:45:55 <jhernandez> Bosmon: thanks Dr!
2014-01-29T16:46:01 <Bosmon> It\'s written primarily from the browser stance but it seems a bit richer in examples than some of the other tutorials
2014-01-29T16:46:05 <clown> "Dr"?
2014-01-29T16:46:31 <jhernandez> clown: Dr Bosmon
2014-01-29T16:46:36 <jhernandez> xD
2014-01-29T16:46:56 <Bosmon> Hey Javi :)
'

b'2014-01-29T00:13:16 * kasparne_ has quit
2014-01-29T00:14:09 * avtar has quit
2014-01-29T00:14:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-29T00:14:16 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-29T00:45:20 * vjoanna has quit
2014-01-29T00:58:49 * jhernandez has quit
2014-01-29T01:26:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-01-29T01:46:03 * colinclark has quit
2014-01-29T01:52:34 * [o__o] has left the channel
2014-01-29T01:55:14 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-01-29T01:55:14 * NOTICE: [freenode-info] channel trolls and no channel staff around to help? please check with freenode support: http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp
2014-01-29T02:34:02 * michelled joined the channel
2014-01-29T02:35:09 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-01-29T02:35:12 * danaayotte has quit
2014-01-29T02:48:05 * michelled has quit
2014-01-29T02:48:41 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-29T02:52:51 * yzen has quit
2014-01-29T03:00:31 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-29T03:24:05 * jhung joined the channel
2014-01-29T03:28:40 * jhung has quit
2014-01-29T03:31:19 * yzen has quit
2014-01-29T03:39:36 * jhung joined the channel
2014-01-29T03:46:43 * jhung1 joined the channel
2014-01-29T03:50:09 * jhung has quit
2014-01-29T04:16:37 * jhung1 has quit
2014-01-29T05:53:06 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-29T08:08:09 * yzen has quit
2014-01-29T08:08:25 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-29T08:13:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-29T08:13:20 * yzen has quit
2014-01-29T08:31:52 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-29T09:55:16 * amilchev has left the channel
2014-01-29T10:18:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-29T10:40:43 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-29T10:45:00 * yzen has quit
2014-01-29T12:45:45 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-29T13:42:55 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-01-29T13:47:55 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-01-29T13:50:58 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-01-29T13:51:57 * jhung joined the channel
2014-01-29T13:56:08 <jhung> anastasiac: I pushed up new versions of the build site images to my branch.
2014-01-29T13:57:02 <Justin_o_> cindyli: good morning... i\'ve done an initial code review for alex, would you mind taking a second look over it. https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/pull/15
2014-01-29T13:57:17 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o_
2014-01-29T13:57:27 <Justin_o_> cindyli: thanks
2014-01-29T13:57:34 <cindyli> np, Justin_o_
2014-01-29T13:58:01 <Justin_o_> cindyli: i made a few general comments on the pull request too, including linking to your jira comment about the templates
2014-01-29T13:58:19 * michelled joined the channel
2014-01-29T13:58:23 <cindyli> that\'s great, Justin_o_
2014-01-29T13:59:01 <Justin_o_> michelled: good morning, how did the builds stuff go.. i see we have urls pointing at sites now.. do we just need to get in jhung and anastasiac\'s refreshed build site?
2014-01-29T13:59:30 <michelled> hey Justin_o_ we also need to get infusion built and being served
2014-01-29T13:59:51 <michelled> but yes, AC and Jon\'s pull is something that should get looked at
2014-01-29T14:00:01 <anastasiac> Justin_o_, I issued a pull request last night. jhung fixed up the images, so I\'ll pull them down and add them to the pull request, but you could review in the meantime
2014-01-29T14:00:03 <michelled> I think she\'ll need to update the link to the VP demo
2014-01-29T14:00:17 <michelled> I think we have a better link now - only one videoPlayer in the url
2014-01-29T14:00:18 <anastasiac> michelled, let me know the new link
2014-01-29T14:05:49 <Justin_o_> michelled: where should the new build site go.. master branch or gh-pages?
2014-01-29T14:06:12 <michelled> master
2014-01-29T14:06:31 <Justin_o_> michelled: okay.. and we\'ll need to pull this down to our server i take it?
2014-01-29T14:07:20 <michelled> yep :)
2014-01-29T14:08:32 <jhung> Justin_o_, michelled, anastasiac: I just realized we\'re hosting our own version of Bootstrap instead of using the CDN. I\'m thinking this may be okay since we eventually intend to have a custom build of Bootstrap that uses ems instead of px anyway. Thoughts?
2014-01-29T14:08:56 <Justin_o_> jhung: i think that\'s fine
2014-01-29T14:09:34 <jhung> Justin_o_: cool thanks.
2014-01-29T14:10:00 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: i think this is the new base url http://build.fluidproject.org/videoPlayer/
2014-01-29T14:10:14 <michelled> Justin_o_: I\'m ok with it
2014-01-29T14:11:33 <Justin_o_> anastasiac, jhung: did you make this branch based off of my gh-pages branch or from master?
2014-01-29T14:11:44 <anastasiac> Justin_o_, yes
2014-01-29T14:11:59 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: sorry, which was the yes for?
2014-01-29T14:12:06 <anastasiac> gh_pages
2014-01-29T14:12:16 <anastasiac> sorry, on a call
2014-01-29T14:12:23 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: unfortunately that was made from an orphan branch
2014-01-29T14:12:37 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: meaning that it\'s not really linked to master at all, so it won\'t merge cleanly
2014-01-29T14:12:54 <anastasiac> Justin_o_, how can I fix that?
2014-01-29T14:13:22 * michelled has quit
2014-01-29T14:15:22 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: i\'ll test something out now and look into it
2014-01-29T14:19:25 <cindyli> Justin_o_: your comment for the metadata pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/20 has been addressed and pushed up.
2014-01-29T14:19:45 <jhung> Justin_o_: let me know if there\'s anything I can help with.
2014-01-29T14:22:05 <Justin_o_> cindyli: thanks.. i\'ll take another look at that
2014-01-29T14:22:15 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o_
2014-01-29T14:22:18 <Justin_o_> jhung: thanks.. i\'ll let you know
2014-01-29T14:26:10 <anastasiac> jhung, Justin_o_, I\'ve pushed the new images up to my repo/the pull request. They look nice!!
2014-01-29T14:26:57 <anastasiac> I will test all the links now that the build site is up, and push any updates
2014-01-29T14:28:50 <Justin_o_> anastasiac, jhung: okay.. so we can do a couple of things to fix the repo (no particular order) 1) we replace the master branch with gh-pages and just go from there 2) we lose the history of your changes, and just move the final changes you have now to a branch built off of master 3) you create a new branch made off of master, and merge your current branch
2014-01-29T14:28:50 <Justin_o_> into this and fix up the merge conflicts.. and remove any unneeded files left over in master.
2014-01-29T14:28:51 <anastasiac> Justin_o_, the url I have for access to infusion demos - the old demo portal demos - isn\'t working. Should they be up, or is that still to come? If they\'re up, what\'s the url?
2014-01-29T14:29:05 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: i think that\'s still to come
2014-01-29T14:29:28 <anastasiac> Justin_o_, which of the options would be most "correct"? Probably #3?
2014-01-29T14:29:46 <jhung> #3 wouldn\'t be too hard to do Justin_o_.
2014-01-29T14:29:58 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: yes, probably, but looking at the network graph it makes things a mess
2014-01-29T14:30:09 <Justin_o_> https://github.com/jobara/build.fluidproject.org/network
2014-01-29T14:30:27 <anastasiac> Justin_o_, how about creating a new branch off master, and cherry picking commits?
2014-01-29T14:30:44 <Justin_o_> anastasiac: yes.. that\'s more like option 2
2014-01-29T14:31:05 <anastasiac> but wouldn\'t cherry-picking NOT lose the history? or at least, re-create the history?
2014-01-29T14:31:06 <jhung> Justin_o_: #2 is okay.
2014-01-29T14:31:47 <Justin_o_> jhung, anastasiac: depends on how important the history of your current work is
2014-01-29T14:32:01 <Justin_o_> jhung, anastasiac: anything you think we might want/need to revert to ever?
2014-01-29T14:32:48 <jhung> Justin_o_: I can\'t think of anything in particular since this is effect the first version of the new implementation.
2014-01-29T14:32:50 <anastasiac> I can\'t think of anything\xe2\x80\xa6 I was committing pretty frequently, so that jhung and I could stay on the same page as much as possible, so there are a lot of commits there that aren\'t really worth saving :-)
2014-01-29T14:33:27 <Justin_o_> jhung, anastasiac: okay.. so are you both okay if we go with option 2 or something like that
2014-01-29T14:33:42 <anastasiac> I\'m fine with that
2014-01-29T14:33:56 <jhung> yep Justin_o_ that\'s fine.
2014-01-29T14:34:17 <Justin_o_> jhung, anastasiac: okay thanks, sorry i should have mentioned about the state of gh-pages to you before hand
2014-01-29T14:34:33 <Justin_o_> jhung, anastasiac: please let me know when you have this up again for me to review
2014-01-29T14:35:33 <jhung> Justin_o_: sure. anastasiac: I have time to do this or would you like to do it?
2014-01-29T14:36:34 <anastasiac> jhung, if you have time, that would be great. I\'m off on Friday, so my CSS-exploration time is more limited; plus I have some IMS homework that I have to do
2014-01-29T14:37:03 <jhung> anastasiac: no prob. I\'ll take care of it.
2014-01-29T14:40:10 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-01-29T14:45:22 * jessm joined the channel
2014-01-29T14:50:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-29T14:55:13 * anvk joined the channel
2014-01-29T14:58:48 <Justin_o_> jhung,anastasiac, cindyli: I\'m going to be going offline in a minute. I hope to be back in time for standup
2014-01-29T14:58:58 <anastasiac> okley
2014-01-29T14:59:00 <jhung> sure Justin_o_.
2014-01-29T14:59:03 <cindyli> ok
2014-01-29T15:04:22 * clown joined the channel
2014-01-29T15:10:07 * clown waves at jhernandez
2014-01-29T15:10:17 <clown> still on for a meeting in about an hour, jhernandez?
2014-01-29T15:11:12 <jhernandez> clown: yeah!
2014-01-29T15:11:27 <jhernandez> grub morning btw ..
2014-01-29T15:11:31 <jhernandez> :)
2014-01-29T15:11:58 <clown> okay \xe2\x80\x94 if you have any stack traces with your segfaults that I could look at in the meantime, I can do that.
2014-01-29T15:12:04 <clown> Otherwise, grub away!
2014-01-29T15:12:14 <jhernandez> haha
2014-01-29T15:12:21 <jhernandez> clown: still getting traces
2014-01-29T15:12:25 <clown> okay.
2014-01-29T15:12:33 <jhernandez> so I wanted to dive into this a liitle bit more
2014-01-29T15:12:38 <clown> sure.
2014-01-29T15:12:40 <jhernandez> basically
2014-01-29T15:12:41 <jhernandez> ...
2014-01-29T15:13:23 <jhernandez> are you using 64 or 32 bit?
2014-01-29T15:13:29 <clown> 64 bit
2014-01-29T15:13:33 <jhernandez> ok
2014-01-29T15:13:42 <jhernandez> :)
2014-01-29T15:13:46 <jhernandez> I\'m using 32
2014-01-29T15:14:02 <clown> hmm....
2014-01-29T15:14:30 * jhernandez checks his F20
2014-01-29T15:14:32 * clown wonders what GPII requires, if anything.
2014-01-29T15:15:06 <jhernandez> should work on both two, without any difference
2014-01-29T15:15:55 <jhernandez> did you installed node from f20\'s repos?
2014-01-29T15:16:04 <jhernandez> or by hand?\xc2\xbf
2014-01-29T15:16:47 <clown> I ran npm-install \xe2\x80\x94 is that what you mean?
2014-01-29T15:17:03 <jhernandez> nope
2014-01-29T15:17:13 <jhernandez> node.js itself
2014-01-29T15:17:21 * clown tries to remember.  it was only two days ago...
2014-01-29T15:17:44 <jhernandez> hahahaha
2014-01-29T15:18:38 <clown> I\'m looking at my history, and it doesn\'t look like I installed it.  Is it possible that it just comes with F20?
2014-01-29T15:18:46 <clown> If not, I *think* it followed the wiki instructions.
2014-01-29T15:18:52 <jhernandez> xDDDD
2014-01-29T15:18:58 <jhernandez> rpm -qa|grep node
2014-01-29T15:19:00 <jhernandez> :)
2014-01-29T15:19:31 <clown> ah, okay.  hang on.
'

