b'2014-02-11T21:17:09 <Bosmon> But it will be a big job
2014-02-11T21:17:19 <Bosmon> And will involve completely replacing UIO relay with modern relay
2014-02-11T21:18:40 <Bosmon> https://github.com/cindyli/metadata/blob/FLOE-171/src/js/panel.js
2014-02-11T21:18:42 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T21:18:47 <Bosmon> The issue will be that panel.js defines an old component
2014-02-11T21:19:19 <Bosmon> And I see it defines its own transformation system too : P
2014-02-11T21:19:30 <cindyli> yes, Bosmon
2014-02-11T21:20:45 <cindyli> Bosmon: so it means all the grades used by the source and target components need to use the modern component types but other components can still use the old types?
2014-02-11T21:20:56 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes
2014-02-11T21:21:15 <cindyli> got it. thanks Bosmon. you are as helpful as always
2014-02-11T21:21:17 <Bosmon> Although it\'s most likely that those are the only components for which you really care whether it is modern or not
2014-02-11T21:21:17 <cindyli> :)
2014-02-11T21:21:25 <Bosmon> So you may as well modernise everything
2014-02-11T21:21:58 <cindyli> yes, better off and even easier modernising everything
2014-02-11T21:22:06 <Bosmon> Although I guess it\'s possible you may find some kind of "modernisation boundary" that it could make sense to stop partway at....
2014-02-11T21:22:33 <Bosmon> To be honest UIO is the main impediment in getting rid of the old components entirely
2014-02-11T21:22:47 <Bosmon> I expect all of our other components will be quite easy to upgrade, since they don\'t do anything particularly interesting with their models
2014-02-11T21:23:09 <Bosmon> Although I think upgrading UIO also implies upgrading lots of other little things like textfieldSlider etc.
2014-02-11T21:23:24 <cindyli> that\'s true. what "modernisation boundary" could be?
2014-02-11T21:28:28 * cindyli has quit
2014-02-11T21:31:17 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-02-11T21:31:51 * cindyli has quit
2014-02-11T21:36:20 * anvk has quit
2014-02-11T21:42:23 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-02-11T21:47:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T21:55:25 * clown_mtg has left the channel
2014-02-11T22:21:06 * yzen has quit
2014-02-11T22:36:27 * avtar joined the channel
2014-02-11T22:40:25 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-02-11T22:47:07 * jhung has quit
2014-02-11T23:05:46 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T23:20:27 * vjoanna has quit
2014-02-11T23:32:33 * michelled has quit
2014-02-11T23:37:38 * colinclark has quit
2014-02-11T23:48:01 * avtar has quit
'

b'2014-02-11T14:40:37 <cindyli> Justin_o__: your pull request has been merged in
2014-02-11T14:41:18 <Justin_o__> cindyli: thanks
2014-02-11T14:41:38 <cindyli> np
2014-02-11T15:17:23 * yzen_ has quit
2014-02-11T15:33:07 * yzen joined the channel
2014-02-11T15:40:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T15:45:34 <jhung> Justin_o__: I was going to start looking into Wintersmith generator. Does this fit into our current priorities or is there something else I can help with?
2014-02-11T15:46:40 <Justin_o__> jhung: are you working from the office today?
2014-02-11T15:47:56 <jhung> Justin_o__: no I\'m at home.
2014-02-11T15:49:04 <Justin_o__> jhung: okay.. me too.. so i\'m not sure i remember all that\'s on the purple wall :( i think that\'s fine for now though..
2014-02-11T15:49:12 <Justin_o__> if something comes up, I\'ll let you know
2014-02-11T15:49:43 <jhung> I have the photo of the wall you sent me from 6 days ago.
2014-02-11T15:49:47 <jhung> ^Justin_o__
2014-02-11T15:52:34 <Justin_o__> jhung: oh right.. i should have that too
2014-02-11T15:54:34 <Justin_o__> jhung: so i think looking into winter smith is fine for now.. we might want to switch gears to updating the demos, but i\'m not sure what the state of vjoanna\'s designs are
2014-02-11T15:55:20 <jhung> ah right. I\'ll check in w vjonna when she\'s online.
2014-02-11T15:57:59 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T15:59:57 <Justin_o__> jhung: thanks
2014-02-11T16:08:34 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-02-11T16:15:56 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T16:21:41 <jhung> Hi vjoanna - I\'m wondering if the demos are ready to be redesigned?
2014-02-11T16:23:39 <vjoanna> hi jon - do you mean the individual demo pages?
2014-02-11T16:23:48 <vjoanna> jhung^
2014-02-11T16:25:04 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T16:25:23 <jhung> yes vjoanna. :) I\'m just wondering if they\'re ready to start work. Otherwise I can begin my investigation into static site generators.
2014-02-11T16:27:22 * michelled joined the channel
2014-02-11T16:31:19 <Justin_o__> fluid-everyone: stand up meeting
2014-02-11T16:40:40 <vjoanna> jhung: yes, the mockup for the demos is on page 5 https://www.dropbox.com/s/ekugo021xzi32nd/fluidProject-siteanddemos.pdf
2014-02-11T16:41:43 <vjoanna> i\'ll mockup a screen now to indicate what the panel looks like collapsed
2014-02-11T16:41:45 * michelled has quit
2014-02-11T16:42:04 <jhung> vjoanna: that\'s great! I\'ll take a look.
2014-02-11T16:47:06 * michelled joined the channel
2014-02-11T16:52:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T16:54:50 <michelled> jhung: it\'s awesome that you\'re starting on the demo revamp :)
2014-02-11T16:55:53 <jhung> vjoanna: There\'s a lot going on in these designs. I\'m going to have to go through them and try to break it down into task buckets. michelled / Justin_o__ - do we have a planning page to coordinate this work? I need a place to put down some notes.
2014-02-11T16:56:34 <Justin_o__> jhung: maybe this one http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Infusion+1.5+Iteration+Plan
2014-02-11T16:56:50 <jhung> ah makes sense thanks Justin_o__
2014-02-11T17:06:13 <vjoanna> jhung: let me know if i could do anything to simplify them for the first pass
2014-02-11T17:06:35 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T17:08:30 <jhung> vjoanna: Sure i\'ll let you know.
2014-02-11T17:08:33 * jhung has quit
2014-02-11T17:10:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T17:10:55 * jhung joined the channel
2014-02-11T17:11:48 <danaayotte_> Question for Justin_o__, michelled, jhung: how should labels on interactives be handled with regard to screen readers?  For example, our PMT/PCP Speak Text on/off toggle has both a separate Speak Text label element and the toggle itself (which currently has no label).  So tab will take me directly to the toggle, but will read only "on/off".  When I\'m using the screen reader, I can use the arrow key to navigate to the Speak Text labe
2014-02-11T17:11:49 <danaayotte_> then to the toggle.  So if we label the toggle with "Speak Text", I\'ll hear the label twice when navigating with the arrow keys.  I guess what i\'m asking is, is there a way to combine the label and the toggle as one element? What is best practice? This relates to GPII-600.
2014-02-11T17:18:55 <jhung> danaayotte_: usually the label would have a "for" attribute which lets you specify what the label is labelling (in this case the toggle). I think the Learner Options demo does this and we would probably do the same thing here.
2014-02-11T17:19:37 <jhung> danaayotte_: I\'m referring to the Climate Change demo. http://demo.floeproject.org/demos/prefsFramework/ClimateChange.html
2014-02-11T17:20:07 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T17:21:52 <danaayotte_> thanks jhung
2014-02-11T17:22:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T17:22:23 <jhung> let me know if that helps danaayotte_.
2014-02-11T17:28:23 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T17:48:24 * yzen has quit
2014-02-11T17:49:48 <michelled> Justin_o__: did you see that we got a pull request to video player that fixes up links to the build?
2014-02-11T17:50:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T17:50:23 <Justin_o__> michelled: no i didn\'t see that
2014-02-11T17:51:31 <michelled> it should certainly go in, but I\'m wondering what you think about not having a JIRA number or NOJIRA associated with the commit
2014-02-11T17:51:47 <michelled> it\'s so nice to get a pull request from someone we don\'t know yet :)
2014-02-11T17:51:53 <Justin_o__> michelled: looks like he works for OERpub
2014-02-11T17:52:00 <Justin_o__> michelled: yes.. very true..
2014-02-11T17:52:21 <Justin_o__> michelled: i think we\'ve talked about this before and we said we would let them in... but i can\'t recall where we had that conversation
2014-02-11T17:53:00 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T17:53:48 <michelled> I agree with that, since it could very easily fall under the NOJIRA category so we aren\'t losing much information to our future selves
2014-02-11T17:54:00 <michelled> do you want to push it Justin_o__?
2014-02-11T17:54:14 <jhung> vjoanna: the overlaid demo panel - does it ever disappear or be hidden? Also what should this look like on mobile?
2014-02-11T17:54:18 <Justin_o__> michelled: okay
2014-02-11T18:00:08 * yzen joined the channel
2014-02-11T18:00:20 <vjoanna> jhung: i just updated the mockups https://www.dropbox.com/s/ekugo021xzi32nd/fluidProject-siteanddemos.pdf the panel disappears if the user clicks close, or clicks outside the panel, or moves focus out side of the panel
2014-02-11T18:00:28 <Justin_o__> michelled: done
2014-02-11T18:01:12 <vjoanna> on a mobile (page 6) the panel overlays the entire screen and the user would have to click close to go to the demo
2014-02-11T18:01:51 <vjoanna> to reopen it, the user would click the star button (page 7)
2014-02-11T18:02:22 <vjoanna> let me know if all this makes sense, jhung ^
2014-02-11T18:02:52 <michelled> cool Justin_o__
2014-02-11T18:06:27 <jhung> vjoanna: makes sense. So if the panel is open, will putting focus outside the panel close it?
2014-02-11T18:07:00 <vjoanna> jhung:  yes
2014-02-11T18:26:55 <jhung> Justin_o__, michelled: for the new demo design I was thinking of making a new JIRA and create just that overlaid panel in a branch in my repo. Then at some point you can integrate it into the demo.
2014-02-11T18:29:05 <jhung> also I would like to use a framework for this, but there hasn\'t been a vote / discussion as yet. So should I hold off on styling until then (I can work on some other non-framework markup for this panel in the meantime).
2014-02-11T18:29:46 <michelled> jhung: will you build the panel as an infusion component?
2014-02-11T18:30:02 <Justin_o__> jhung: unfortunately you won\'t be able to use a framework for it.. at least not initially.. We want the demos updated for Infusion 1.5 but we aren\'t going to change the css framework till after 1.5
2014-02-11T18:30:52 <jhung> michelled: I wasn\'t planning on making a component - just the markup and styling.
2014-02-11T18:31:07 <jhung> (i.e. hoping someone else would do that)
2014-02-11T18:31:32 <jhung> Justin_o__: ok got it. So we\'ll do this without a framework.
2014-02-11T18:50:21 <Justin_o__> michelled: I\'ve fixed up some issues with FLUID-5120 and updated from master again. Should be working better this time.
2014-02-11T18:51:15 <michelled> thx Justin_o__
2014-02-11T18:53:35 <cindyli> Justin_o__: i\'m going thru our metadata tasks listed on the iteration page and have a question with your pull request for adding transcripts panel - https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/19. interesting that transcriptsPanel.js is added but seems not attaching to the top video metadata panel. did I miss something?
2014-02-11T18:54:06 <Justin_o__> cindyli: no we had decided at the time to integrate it later
2014-02-11T18:54:36 <cindyli> ah. i see. thanks, Justin_o__
2014-02-11T18:58:21 <Justin_o__> vjoanna: do we have designs and or a wiki page about the visual dictionary
2014-02-11T19:01:19 <vjoanna> Justin_o__ sort of http://wiki.fluidproject.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=34578639 "4. \'pictures\' and \'simplicity\' activated"
2014-02-11T19:01:29 <vjoanna> but they\'re very basic
2014-02-11T19:01:57 <Justin_o__> vjoanna: thanks
2014-02-11T19:14:32 <michelled> cindyli: 5270 is in master
2014-02-11T19:14:51 <cindyli> great. thanks, michelled
2014-02-11T19:33:35 <cindyli> hi Bosmon
2014-02-11T19:34:39 <Justin_o__> michelled, vjoanna: could you please take a look at the picture dictionary and tts projects i\'ve added to our gsoc pages. http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Google+Summer+of+Code+2014+with+the+Fluid+Project I\'ve quickly written up the ideas, please feel free to modify them however you feel necessary
2014-02-11T19:37:22 * michelled_ joined the channel
2014-02-11T19:37:28 * michelled has quit
2014-02-11T19:37:29 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2014-02-11T19:38:32 * clown has quit
2014-02-11T19:42:48 <vjoanna> sounds good to me, Justin_o__ thanks!
2014-02-11T19:43:02 <Justin_o__> vjoanna: thanks
2014-02-11T19:47:15 * clown joined the channel
2014-02-11T19:47:19 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-02-11T20:17:28 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T20:23:24 <jhung> vjoanna: would selecting the header of the demo overlay open and close the panel, or just selecting the asterisk?
2014-02-11T20:25:02 <vjoanna> jhung: just the asterisk, i think. The header could go back to the fluid projects page?
2014-02-11T20:25:38 <jhung> ok vjoanna
2014-02-11T20:42:14 * michelled_ joined the channel
2014-02-11T20:43:52 * michelled has quit
2014-02-11T20:43:52 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2014-02-11T20:54:48 <Bosmon> Hi cindyli
2014-02-11T20:55:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o__ - I was thinking we could try to push tomorrow\'s meeting out by an hour so that colinclark might be able to attend?
2014-02-11T20:55:17 <Bosmon> Does that seem ok?
2014-02-11T20:56:23 <cindyli> Bosmon: there are 2 formats of declaring transformation rules in "modelRelay" option. One is singleTransform: {}, the other is transform: { transform: {} }. what\'s different btw them?
2014-02-11T20:56:52 <Bosmon> cindyli - singleTransform is an abbreviated way of writing a transform which just consists of a single transform block
2014-02-11T20:56:58 <cindyli> btw, Bosmon, Justin_o__ has left today for an appointment
2014-02-11T20:57:04 <Bosmon> "transform" accepts a full ModelTransformation document
2014-02-11T20:58:15 <cindyli> Bosmon: "a full ModelTransformation document"? something like:
2014-02-11T20:58:17 <cindyli> transform: {
2014-02-11T20:58:17 <cindyli> "dog": {
2014-02-11T20:58:17 <cindyli> transform: {
2014-02-11T20:58:17 <cindyli> type: "fluid.transforms.linearScale",
2014-02-11T20:58:17 <cindyli> value: 3,
2014-02-11T20:58:17 <cindyli> factor: 2,
2014-02-11T20:58:17 <cindyli> offset: 5
2014-02-11T20:58:18 <cindyli> }
2014-02-11T20:58:18 <cindyli> }
2014-02-11T20:58:19 <cindyli> },
2014-02-11T20:58:33 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes
2014-02-11T20:58:38 <cindyli> ok. thanks, Bosmon
2014-02-11T20:59:22 <cindyli> btw, i sent another pull request with a couple of unit tests in it to show another issue with the model relay, Bosmon - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/467
2014-02-11T21:00:11 <Bosmon> cindyli - there is a special hierarchy you are meant to use for the moment
2014-02-11T21:00:20 <Bosmon> Please consult our freshly updated page on component grades : P
2014-02-11T21:00:31 <Bosmon> You need to use "fluid.viewRelayComponent" and "fluid.rendererRelayComponent"
2014-02-11T21:00:46 <cindyli> ah ha. that\'s why. let me try
2014-02-11T21:02:04 <michelled> Bosmon: by push it out by an hour, do you mean it will start at 3:30 eastern?
2014-02-11T21:02:23 <Bosmon> michelled yes, that\'s 9.30 CET right?
2014-02-11T21:09:58 <michelled> yes, that\'s right
2014-02-11T21:15:42 <cindyli> Bosmon: "fluid.viewRelayComponent" and "fluid.rendererRelayComponent" work perfectly with unit tests I created for FLUID-5272. I will close that jira and the pull request. However, using them still throws similar errors in metadata demo. Can you have a quick look thru on my code to see if anything looks suspicious?
2014-02-11T21:15:53 <cindyli> the source component: https://github.com/cindyli/metadata/blob/FLOE-171/src/js/videoMetadataPanel.js#L28
2014-02-11T21:16:13 <cindyli> "modelRelay" is defined at line 68-84
2014-02-11T21:16:22 <cindyli> the target relay component: https://github.com/cindyli/metadata/blob/FLOE-171/src/js/videoPanel.js#L30
2014-02-11T21:16:23 <Bosmon> cindyli - the problem is that you will most likely need to fix the entire hirearchy
2014-02-11T21:16:40 <Bosmon> Unfortunately you can\'t really "mix and match" old and new components
2014-02-11T21:16:45 <cindyli> Bosmon: to replace all "flud.viewComponent"?
2014-02-11T21:16:51 <Bosmon> cindyli - yes
2014-02-11T21:16:51 <cindyli> and renderer too?
2014-02-11T21:16:53 <Bosmon> Yes
2014-02-11T21:16:54 <cindyli> ah. ok
2014-02-11T21:17:05 <Bosmon> It\'s clearly something we need to do at some point anyway
'

b'2014-02-11T00:31:33 * drewwills1 has left the channel
2014-02-11T01:01:43 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T01:06:12 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T01:37:52 * greggy has quit
2014-02-11T01:39:27 * greggy joined the channel
2014-02-11T03:38:47 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-02-11T04:10:24 * yzen joined the channel
2014-02-11T04:18:47 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-02-11T04:50:03 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-02-11T04:55:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-02-11T05:34:54 * yzen_ joined the channel
2014-02-11T05:37:47 * yzen has quit
2014-02-11T05:42:13 * yzen joined the channel
2014-02-11T05:44:32 * yzen_ has quit
2014-02-11T05:56:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T06:22:37 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T06:34:06 * yzen has quit
2014-02-11T06:49:42 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T06:57:19 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T07:12:15 * greggy has quit
2014-02-11T07:12:34 * greggy joined the channel
2014-02-11T07:47:30 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T08:50:13 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T08:57:48 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T08:59:03 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T10:51:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T11:42:02 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2014-02-11T11:45:29 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T11:49:33 * kasparne_ has quit
2014-02-11T12:11:15 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-02-11T12:13:27 * Justin_o has quit
2014-02-11T13:04:58 * jhung joined the channel
2014-02-11T13:09:24 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T13:09:24 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T13:09:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T13:12:49 <kasparnet> Justin_o__:
2014-02-11T13:12:56 <kasparnet> hell_o__
2014-02-11T13:12:58 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: hello
2014-02-11T13:13:08 <Justin_o__> :)
2014-02-11T13:13:14 <kasparnet> ok - so my connection might drop at any point
2014-02-11T13:13:28 <kasparnet> but I was hoping that you could say all sorts of clever stuff to me
2014-02-11T13:13:37 <kasparnet> I was looking into GPII-589 (again)
2014-02-11T13:13:46 <kasparnet> and I have now at least come closer to the issue
2014-02-11T13:14:06 <kasparnet> which I believe has to do with what you mentioned yesterday when we chatted
2014-02-11T13:14:49 <kasparnet> so basically, when things goes right the exchange between local browser and the GPII server is as follows (using the example of login/logout)
2014-02-11T13:15:19 <kasparnet> a) My browser sents a request to /user/<token>/login without any cookies, etc
2014-02-11T13:16:04 <kasparnet> b) GPII does the login and responds to the request with a cookie: kettle.sid=foo.bar
2014-02-11T13:16:40 <kasparnet> c) My browser sends a request to /user/<token>/logout -- and automagically takes care of passing the kettle.sid=foo.bar along with the request
2014-02-11T13:16:52 <kasparnet> d) GPII does the logout and responds with a success
2014-02-11T13:17:29 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: so far so good...
2014-02-11T13:18:19 <kasparnet> But, say I replace (c) with "In a different browser, I send a request to /user/<token>/logout" - no cookie will be passed and hence the session wont be found by kettle - ergo explosion
2014-02-11T13:21:15 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: yes.. this is correct.. at least with the current implementation that cookie is key for setting up the web socket connection
2014-02-11T13:22:33 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2014-02-11T13:22:51 <kasparne_> justin_o__ sorry, got disconnect... Last thing I have on screen is a "so now of course" message from me
2014-02-11T13:22:53 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T13:23:00 * kasparne_ is now known as kasparnet
2014-02-11T13:23:07 <Justin_o__> i didn\'t see that..
2014-02-11T13:23:24 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: last i got was about replacing (c)
2014-02-11T13:23:25 <kasparnet> which was the last msg you saw from me?
2014-02-11T13:23:30 <kasparnet> ok
2014-02-11T13:23:48 <kasparnet> which seems to be the exact same issue with the PMT login vs. browser logout ... So now of course, I\'m totally confused .. because in my mind we want something like the PCP, PMT, local browser, various user listeners to ALL be able to do a log in, log out, request for token of logged in user, etc ... but that doesnt seem reconcilable with the current way kettle works
2014-02-11T13:23:54 <Justin_o__> which i responded with it being correct, because the cookie is required for the web socket communication.. at least with how things are now implemented
2014-02-11T13:24:13 <kasparnet> ok
2014-02-11T13:24:30 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: if they are in the same browser and same domain, things will work.
2014-02-11T13:24:39 <Justin_o__> but otherwise it could be an issue.
2014-02-11T13:24:42 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: but I dont think we can depend on that
2014-02-11T13:25:12 <kasparnet> take for example the user listeners.. they are all likely to be completely independent of each other
2014-02-11T13:25:12 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: then yes, this is a problem
2014-02-11T13:25:29 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: different users should be fine though
2014-02-11T13:25:32 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: damn... :)
2014-02-11T13:26:24 <kasparnet> it seems right now that the system only supports one user being logged in at the time
2014-02-11T13:26:44 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: I think at the moment pcp may do a logout/login to get things setup properly for it\'s web socket connection
2014-02-11T13:26:53 <Justin_o__> but you can see this is a problem with creating a new user through PMT
2014-02-11T13:27:01 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: yes.. i think so..
2014-02-11T13:27:31 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: on a local system, i think that\'s right though.. do we really want more than one user logged into a device at one time?
2014-02-11T13:28:15 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: if you are talking about to the remote servers.. i think we could have more.. although in terms of using PMT remotely, we haven\'t attempted anything yet
2014-02-11T13:28:37 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: I believe that generally for remote servers we\'re attempting to avoid state and session
2014-02-11T13:28:49 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: i believe the whole session thing is to sort out active users in kettle, but i don\'t know enough about that to be sure
2014-02-11T13:29:21 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: okay.. i guess that makes sense since they mostly just hold data
2014-02-11T13:29:52 <kasparnet> and yeah, I agree - for local systems we (at least for now) only want one user logged in
2014-02-11T13:31:09 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: so the motivation for web sockets is to allow X origin requests, right?
2014-02-11T13:31:09 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: okay.. so at least for now, things are okay in terms of users supported, but the issue still lies with creating a new user. is that correct?
2014-02-11T13:31:38 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: actually i believe it is to keep the connection alive between the PCP and flow manager or some other gpii server
2014-02-11T13:31:43 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: to support the live updates
2014-02-11T13:32:42 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: ok
2014-02-11T13:32:57 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: I think the issue extends beyond creating new users, for example, for the pilots we want to log a user in with the PMT, use a desktop shortcut to snapshot the current system settings and save it along with the currently logged in user
2014-02-11T13:33:57 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: what does "use a desktop shortcut to snapshot the current system settings and save it along with the currently logged in user" entail
2014-02-11T13:37:42 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T13:40:25 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T13:40:25 <kasparnet> sorry, had another disconnect
2014-02-11T13:40:56 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2014-02-11T13:41:08 <kasparne_> sorry, had another disconnect -- they\'re not exactly running an impressive connection here in Dusseldorf :)
2014-02-11T13:41:14 <kasparne_> Justin_o__:
2014-02-11T13:41:31 <kasparne_> last I have on my screen was: it seems to me that we would need to allow at least a set of applications access to the current session, without knowing the session token
2014-02-11T13:43:38 <Justin_o__> kasparne_: the last i had from you was the "i think the issue extends beyond ... " and i asked you want "use a desktop shortcut to snapshot the current system settings and save it along with the currently logged in user" would entail
2014-02-11T13:44:39 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T13:45:27 <kasparne_> well, if we just keep it simple and say that we want to use a desktop shortcut to save the currently logged in usertoken to a file
2014-02-11T13:45:27 <kasparne_> it would entail double clicking a shortcut to a little script that: (a) curl localhost:8081/token (b) save that token to some file
2014-02-11T13:45:27 <kasparne_> but since cURL would not have the cookie available, the request would fail with a "session not found"
2014-02-11T13:45:27 <kasparne_> it seems to me that we would need to allow at least a set of applications access to the current session, without knowing the session token
2014-02-11T13:45:27 * kasparne_ has quit
2014-02-11T13:45:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-02-11T13:45:54 <kasparnet> stupid internet
2014-02-11T13:46:09 <kasparnet> well, if we just keep it simple and say that we want to use a desktop shortcut to save the currently logged in usertoken to a file
2014-02-11T13:46:09 <kasparnet> kasparne_
2014-02-11T13:46:09 <kasparnet> it would entail double clicking a shortcut to a little script that: (a) curl localhost:8081/token (b) save that token to some file
2014-02-11T13:46:12 <kasparnet> kasparne_
2014-02-11T13:46:16 <kasparnet> but since cURL would not have the cookie available, the request would fail with a "session not found"
2014-02-11T13:46:16 <kasparnet> kasparne_
2014-02-11T13:46:16 <kasparnet> it seems to me that we would need to allow at least a set of applications access to the current session, without knowing the session token
2014-02-11T13:46:18 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: ^
2014-02-11T13:47:42 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: yes.. it\'s like we need a web socket and traditional http methods for accessing these things
2014-02-11T13:47:52 <Justin_o__> perhaps at different urls
2014-02-11T13:48:10 <Justin_o__> or with a query parameter
2014-02-11T13:48:56 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: and then allow traditional http methods less restricted access?
2014-02-11T13:50:24 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: I\'ll be hanging out with Colin tonight, so I\'ll talk with him about it - perhaps getting antranig on the phone as well
2014-02-11T13:50:50 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: that sounds good.. i don\'t know much about web sockets unfortunately...
2014-02-11T13:50:53 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: I gotta go to my plane now... should be back online in a couple of hours
2014-02-11T13:51:02 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: me neither
2014-02-11T13:51:06 <Justin_o__> kasparnet: you can look at socket.io.. i think that\'s what\'s being used http://socket.io/#how-to-use
2014-02-11T13:51:33 <kasparnet> cool, thanks
2014-02-11T13:51:56 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: I should probably actually open up a few links before getting into the plane
2014-02-11T13:52:19 <kasparnet> nothing more frustrating than attempting to read up on stuff without the abilitity to open links :)
2014-02-11T13:52:40 <Justin_o__> :) no kidding.. we need free wifi on planes
2014-02-11T13:54:19 <kasparnet> Justin_o__: alright, gotta jump! tty later
2014-02-11T13:54:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-02-11T13:54:25 * anvk joined the channel
2014-02-11T13:54:30 <kasparnet> and thanks for the chat
2014-02-11T13:54:34 * kasparnet has quit
2014-02-11T13:55:22 <Justin_o__> cindyli: do you know much about web sockets?
2014-02-11T14:02:03 <cindyli> Justin_o__: not much. know in theory but no hands on experience. let me know if anything I could help with
2014-02-11T14:02:42 <Justin_o__> cindyli: it\'s okay for now i guess... wanted to know if the cookie was absolutely essential or just an implementation choice we made?
2014-02-11T14:03:50 <cindyli> Justin_o__: where is the cookie used? in PMT/PCP?
2014-02-11T14:04:09 <cindyli> not seeing the cookie in there
2014-02-11T14:04:14 <Justin_o__> it\'s used to setup a session for PCP, well any web socket communication.
2014-02-11T14:04:19 * yzen joined the channel
2014-02-11T14:04:21 <Justin_o__> cindyli: it is returned from the first request
2014-02-11T14:05:03 <cindyli> Justin_o__: can you point me to that chunk of code?
2014-02-11T14:05:23 <Justin_o__> i think it\'s probably more on the server side
2014-02-11T14:05:25 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-02-11T14:05:50 <Justin_o__> cindyli: it\'s okay, we can talk about it more later, no worries for now.. kasper is going to talk to colin and bosmon about it later
2014-02-11T14:06:09 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o__
2014-02-11T14:18:32 * yzen has quit
2014-02-11T14:18:38 * yzen_ joined the channel
2014-02-11T14:22:01 * jhernand1z is now known as jhernandez
2014-02-11T14:29:42 * clown joined the channel
2014-02-11T14:32:23 <Justin_o__> cindyli: could you please code review this for me https://github.com/fluid-project/prefsEditors/pull/60
2014-02-11T14:32:58 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o__
2014-02-11T14:34:14 <Justin_o__> cindyli: thanks.. please let me know when that is in... as I\'ll need to file another pull request with the gpiii repo.
2014-02-11T14:34:26 <cindyli> ok
'

