b"2014-10-16T18:11:32 * slim__ has quit
2014-10-16T18:12:03 * slim_ has quit
2014-10-16T18:19:54 <Justin_o> cindyli: when you get a chance, could you please review https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/pull/82
2014-10-16T18:20:39 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2014-10-16T18:20:51 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-10-16T18:20:57 <cindyli> np
2014-10-16T18:49:25 * michelled joined the channel
2014-10-16T18:54:13 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-10-16T19:02:13 * jhung has quit
2014-10-16T19:20:52 <michelled> anastasiac: when you get a chance, can you give some thought to the Quick and Dirty page?
2014-10-16T19:21:12 <michelled> I continue to send lots of people to it, and right now it has a header that makes you think you shouldn't read it
2014-10-16T19:21:53 <anastasiac> ah, good point, michelled. I wonder if we should move it out of the Infusion docs and into the Fluid wiki. It isn\xe2\x80\x99t really Infusion specific, and that would address the header problem
2014-10-16T19:22:45 <michelled> anastasiac: I think that makes sense
2014-10-16T19:22:56 <michelled> it's not something that needs versioning along with Infusion
2014-10-16T19:23:06 <anastasiac> just looking now to see where would be a good place, michelled
2014-10-16T19:26:50 <anastasiac> michelled, this page looks like a reasonable parent page: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Accessibility+Resources but not sure about the overall context i.e. inside the UX section. What do you think?
2014-10-16T19:27:55 * colinclark has quit
2014-10-16T19:27:57 <michelled> that seems fine to me
2014-10-16T19:29:05 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-10-16T19:36:27 <anastasiac> michelled, here\xe2\x80\x99s the new link: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Quick-and-Dirty+Website+Accessibility+Tests+-+and+Fixes
2014-10-16T19:36:52 <michelled> great - too bad it doesn't look as nice
2014-10-16T19:37:19 <michelled> also, can you put a redirection notice on the previous page?
2014-10-16T19:40:31 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-10-16T19:44:09 <michelled> colinclark: do you opinions on which projects should be listed on the fluid project website?
2014-10-16T19:44:11 <michelled> https://github.com/jhung/fluidproject.org/blob/FLUID-5451/src/documents/projects.html
2014-10-16T19:44:35 <colinclark> As many of them as possible :)
2014-10-16T19:44:58 <colinclark> everything we do should be reflected if we can
2014-10-16T19:45:34 <michelled> that makes sense to me
2014-10-16T19:47:22 * jhung joined the channel
2014-10-16T19:49:45 <jhung> colinclark: Right now on the Past projects list Decapod, Fluid Engage, Fluid Academic, CollectionSpace, and OpenCast. Anything missing we absolutely need or is that list okay?
2014-10-16T19:50:01 <colinclark> those sound fine
2014-10-16T19:50:11 <colinclark> will we also highlight our role on the gpii projects somewhere?
2014-10-16T19:50:15 <jhung> Also can anyone give a list of partners who we worked with on CollectionSpace and OpenCast respectively?
2014-10-16T19:51:00 <jhung> colinclark: definitely we should do that. michelled should we add GPII before going live or can it go in after?
2014-10-16T19:52:42 <michelled> seems like adding it won't take long - let's do it now
2014-10-16T19:53:53 <michelled> P4A, C4A and PGA are all highlighted on the IDRC site - we can reuse the text from there, can't we? http://idrc.ocadu.ca/
2014-10-16T19:53:54 <jhung> michelled: I'll need some text
2014-10-16T19:54:26 * yzen_ joined the channel
2014-10-16T19:54:55 <jhung> Sure, I can add those projects in michelled.
2014-10-16T19:55:16 * yzen has quit
2014-10-16T19:55:23 <colinclark> thanks jhung
2014-10-16T19:55:42 <michelled> it will be *so* nice to launch this site :)
2014-10-16T19:59:55 <jhung> michelled, colinclark - do we have a short project description of GPII and how Fluid is involved?
2014-10-16T20:00:40 <michelled> I wonder if it's fine just to mention the funded projects - C4A, P4A. colinclark, do you think we should also mention GPII separately?
2014-10-16T20:01:09 <colinclark> i'd like to have a description of what the goals are in the gpII
2014-10-16T20:01:36 <colinclark> how fluid is building the core infrastructure and architecture for the gpii
2014-10-16T20:01:43 <colinclark> and then just links to our GPII-related projects
2014-10-16T20:01:51 <colinclark> c4a, p4a, pga, and floe
2014-10-16T20:02:26 <colinclark> perhaps anastasiac could take a stab at writing something and i'm happy to eidit
2014-10-16T20:02:27 <colinclark> edit
2014-10-16T20:03:11 <anastasiac> sure, colinclark, I\xe2\x80\x99ll draft something.
2014-10-16T20:03:18 <colinclark> cool, thanks
2014-10-16T20:04:19 <jhung> anastasiac: Let me know how I can help. Maybe I can do the SCSS -> Stylus conversion if you haven't done that already.
2014-10-16T20:05:06 <anastasiac> jhung, I have not done any scss->stylus conversion; not even sure what that refers to :-)
2014-10-16T20:05:47 <anastasiac> if you could take that on, jhung, that would be great. I\xe2\x80\x99m a bit behind, catching up after being off.
2014-10-16T20:06:37 <jhung> anastasiac: ok sounds good. If I get through that, I can look into the theming.
2014-10-16T20:07:06 * anastasiac has quit
2014-10-16T20:15:05 * jhung has quit
2014-10-16T20:23:11 * anvk has quit
2014-10-16T20:25:06 * colinclark has quit
2014-10-16T20:26:53 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-10-16T20:33:21 * cindyli has quit
2014-10-16T21:06:11 * clown has left the channel
2014-10-16T21:11:07 * yzen_ has quit
2014-10-16T21:21:02 * michelled has quit
2014-10-16T21:42:44 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-16T22:06:10 * simonjb has quit
2014-10-16T22:12:55 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-10-16T23:26:46 * Justin_o has quit
2014-10-16T23:27:17 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-16T23:41:10 * yzen has quit
2014-10-16T23:47:10 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-16T23:59:48 * yzen has quit
"

b'2014-10-16T00:07:56 * jhernandez has quit
2014-10-16T00:28:40 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-16T00:45:36 * heidiv joined the channel
2014-10-16T00:51:10 * jhung joined the channel
2014-10-16T00:51:44 * yzen has quit
2014-10-16T00:52:07 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-16T00:55:33 * heidiv has quit
2014-10-16T00:56:06 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-16T00:56:15 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-10-16T01:13:45 * jhung has quit
2014-10-16T01:46:46 * Justin_o has quit
2014-10-16T03:33:28 * colinclark has quit
2014-10-16T03:47:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-10-16T05:09:20 * colinclark has quit
2014-10-16T06:59:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-16T07:48:12 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-16T07:52:22 * yzen has quit
2014-10-16T08:39:38 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-10-16T08:55:39 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-10-16T09:08:17 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-10-16T10:11:51 * jhernandez has quit
2014-10-16T11:38:21 * jhung joined the channel
2014-10-16T12:29:06 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-10-16T12:46:48 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-10-16T13:03:38 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-10-16T13:11:36 <cindyli> anastasiac: in the pull request for the stylus work, i have this stylus file - https://github.com/cindyli/infusion/blob/FLUID-5482/src/framework/preferences/css/stylus/PrefsEditorThemes.styl to generate stylings used by enactors to apply. the file is currently named as "PrefsEditorThemes.styl" that Justin_o and I feel improper since it contains more than theming css. We are brainstorming a new name for it.
2014-10-16T13:11:54 <cindyli> Enactors.styl
2014-10-16T13:11:58 <cindyli> Prefs.styl
2014-10-16T13:12:03 <cindyli> PrefsForEnactos.styl
2014-10-16T13:12:24 <anastasiac> ThemeGenerators.styl?
2014-10-16T13:12:41 <anastasiac> ThemeGeneration?
2014-10-16T13:12:41 <cindyli> it\'s more than generating theme styling
2014-10-16T13:12:56 <cindyli> also include selectors for fonts, inputs larger etc
2014-10-16T13:13:13 <anastasiac> EnactedStyles
2014-10-16T13:13:19 <Justin_o> anastasiac: yes, it basically covers all the styles that the various enactors use
2014-10-16T13:13:23 <anastasiac> EnactorStyles
2014-10-16T13:13:50 <Justin_o> anastasiac: what do you think about Enactors.styl then?
2014-10-16T13:14:21 <Justin_o> i think the fact that they are styl files and later converted to css should indicate that they are styles.
2014-10-16T13:14:23 <anastasiac> looking at the other file names, none of them mention \xe2\x80\x9cstyles\xe2\x80\x9d or \xe2\x80\x9cstyling\xe2\x80\x9d, just what\xe2\x80\x99s doing the styling or being styled, so yes, I thinkg Enactors.styl would be good
2014-10-16T13:14:48 <cindyli> cool. thanks, guys
2014-10-16T13:15:00 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2014-10-16T13:15:07 <anastasiac> np
2014-10-16T13:16:28 * anvk joined the channel
2014-10-16T13:19:41 * amilchev has quit
2014-10-16T13:23:49 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-10-16T13:31:24 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-10-16T13:38:54 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-16T13:48:34 * clown joined the channel
2014-10-16T13:57:30 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-10-16T14:01:27 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-10-16T14:07:14 * michelled joined the channel
2014-10-16T14:13:06 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-10-16T15:03:12 * clown_mtg is now known as clown
2014-10-16T15:14:21 * slim_ has quit
2014-10-16T15:31:45 <anastasiac> Justin_o, simonjb, danaayotte_, cindyli, michelled: stand-up?
2014-10-16T15:32:23 <michelled> I\'m in a meeting with kasparnet - we are working on JIRA organizing for the year 3 review for C4A
2014-10-16T15:37:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-10-16T15:40:03 <jhung> anastasiac: regarding theming, I will need to push up my changes first. Everything is still in SCSS - so we will need to convert to Stylus before attempting to pull int cindyli\'s mixins.
2014-10-16T15:40:29 <anastasiac> ok, jhung, no problem. Let me know when I can pull your changes down
2014-10-16T15:40:30 <simonjb> anastasiac: Justin_o has already merged my docs pull request
2014-10-16T15:40:47 <anastasiac> oh, excellent, simonjb! great.
2014-10-16T15:40:56 <anastasiac> I really am behind
2014-10-16T15:41:30 <cindyli> my stand-up update: going back and forth with Justin_o on my pull request for the stylus work and Justin_o\'s pull request that removes fss from infusion
2014-10-16T15:42:24 <Justin_o> same ^ :) plus looking at a pull request from nikos for GPII
2014-10-16T15:43:49 <simonjb> I have started integrating danaayotte_\'s styling into infusion-docs https://github.com/simonbates/infusion-docs/tree/FLUID-5459
2014-10-16T15:44:32 <simonjb> I\'m probably as far as I will go with the styling at this point and the next step will be to meet with danaayotte_ and jhung
2014-10-16T15:45:07 <simonjb> for docs, I will next look at the left hand side table of contents
2014-10-16T15:46:05 <jhung> simonjb: okay. danaayotte_ what\'s your day like?
2014-10-16T15:46:49 <danaayotte_> jhung, simonjb I am planning to go to DEEP for 1:00, until about 3:00.  Otherwise I\'m available
2014-10-16T15:49:08 <danaayotte_> my update: yesterday PhET meeting, got some sketches posted to PGA wiki and had PGA meeting (anastasiac I can give you an update if you want), today working on some Cloud4All wireframe details re: conditional sets as well as security
2014-10-16T15:50:22 <jhung> danaayotte_, simonjb: I\'m free now if we want to chat
2014-10-16T15:51:42 <simonjb> jhung: sure, shall we skype?
2014-10-16T15:52:26 <jhung> sure
2014-10-16T15:58:32 <Justin_o> kasparnet: i think i remember something about us using JSHint in GPII is that correct?
2014-10-16T15:58:41 <kasparnet> yes
2014-10-16T15:58:49 <kasparnet> in universal use: grunt jshint
2014-10-16T15:58:53 <Justin_o> kasparnet: do we have a jsthinrc file somewhere
2014-10-16T15:59:02 <kasparnet> oooh, not sure actually
2014-10-16T15:59:07 <kasparnet> Bosmon: might know
2014-10-16T15:59:13 <Justin_o> ah in universal... i think we need to add that to the prefsEditor repo too
2014-10-16T16:04:49 * colinclark has quit
2014-10-16T16:05:15 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you can take the .jshintrc and Gruntfile from my working gpii branch
2014-10-16T16:05:16 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/universal/tree/GPII-434
2014-10-16T16:05:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks.. is that the same as the fluid one?
2014-10-16T16:06:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I guess you should use the fluid one, this one defines node: true
2014-10-16T16:06:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah okay...
2014-10-16T16:06:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-10-16T16:06:40 <Bosmon> I also add the jsonlint task
2014-10-16T16:06:48 <Bosmon> As well an overall "lint" task to run both types of linting
2014-10-16T16:07:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon: should we add that to infusion too?
2014-10-16T16:07:25 <Bosmon> Justin_o - my upcoming branch adds it
2014-10-16T16:08:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s great thanks
2014-10-16T16:08:19 <Bosmon> https://github.com/amb26/infusion/blob/FLUID-5513/Gruntfile.js
2014-10-16T16:09:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks.. i\'ll make a jira and add that.. should i also update infusion in the prefsEditors repo at that time?
2014-10-16T16:10:29 <Bosmon> Justin_o - my branch should be reviewed reasonably soon
2014-10-16T16:11:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i meant for prefsEditors repo, but good to know.. it will be good to have more linting tasks in infusion too
2014-10-16T16:11:29 <Bosmon> Justin_o - oh yes, yes it will be good to have all our repos consistent in this way
2014-10-16T16:11:40 * michelled has quit
2014-10-16T16:11:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i was thinking if we should add css and html linting/validation as well.. those might be harder for us though
2014-10-16T16:12:25 * jhernandez has quit
2014-10-16T16:15:08 * cindyli has quit
2014-10-16T16:16:31 <colinclark> hey Justin_o
2014-10-16T16:16:38 <Justin_o> colinclark: hello
2014-10-16T16:16:44 <colinclark> I\'m almost afraid to ask this question
2014-10-16T16:16:46 <colinclark> but I\'m casually flipping through the latest PMT pull request
2014-10-16T16:16:55 <colinclark> the signup page code
2014-10-16T16:16:59 <Justin_o> okay
2014-10-16T16:17:05 <colinclark> I wonder...
2014-10-16T16:17:19 * michelled joined the channel
2014-10-16T16:17:19 <colinclark> do they have a plan for how account information will be persisted?
2014-10-16T16:21:01 <Justin_o> colinclark: They had asked this question to the back end folks. If i remember correctly the answer was that there is no way of doing this at the moment, and that account creation will just return a token currently. This whole interface is a bit up in the air until the security questions are all answered though.
2014-10-16T16:21:42 <colinclark> Who are the back end folks?
2014-10-16T16:21:53 <colinclark> There are no back end folks :)
2014-10-16T16:22:32 <colinclark> So, I guess the question becomes, "what does the PMT do, in absence of anyone doing the work to persist account information?"
2014-10-16T16:23:01 <Justin_o> colinclark: i guess that would be the architecture team, or specifically it was probably asked to Kasper at one of the PCP/PMT meetings... but i\'m just trying to go from memory
2014-10-16T16:23:03 * anastasiac has quit
2014-10-16T16:23:25 <colinclark> I know I don\'t need to tell you this
2014-10-16T16:23:29 <colinclark> but it should be really clear to everyone
2014-10-16T16:23:35 <colinclark> especially the PMT and PCP teams
2014-10-16T16:23:42 <colinclark> there is no "backend team"
2014-10-16T16:23:44 <colinclark> it doesn\'t exist
2014-10-16T16:24:02 <colinclark> the architecture team isn\'t solely responsible for building the backend
2014-10-16T16:24:15 <colinclark> can\'t possibly be solely responsible
2014-10-16T16:24:26 <Justin_o> colinclark: PMT currently just sends a request to create a new token now, this is probably as much as signup can do now
2014-10-16T16:24:42 <colinclark> ok
2014-10-16T16:24:48 <colinclark> so nothing related to accounts at all
2014-10-16T16:24:55 <colinclark> so what does it do with the information it gathers?
2014-10-16T16:25:04 <colinclark> like, say, username and passwords or whatever?
2014-10-16T16:25:36 <Justin_o> at the moment, nothing
2014-10-16T16:25:38 <colinclark> ok
2014-10-16T16:26:06 <colinclark> they just evaporate into the void where dereferenced JSON objects go
2014-10-16T16:26:14 <colinclark> JSON Heaven
2014-10-16T16:26:34 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2014-10-16T16:28:00 <Justin_o> colinclark: yep, that\'s my understanding of it for now.. hopefully the "what to do" with signup in general, will become more clear after the next security meeting.
2014-10-16T16:28:33 <colinclark> in your best guess, would you say that any estimation or scoping of work for the PMT prior to the review doesn\'t include anything related to the backend?
2014-10-16T16:28:49 <colinclark> that, if we just did what we\'re doing, we\'d have a mock signup page that actually did nothing?
2014-10-16T16:30:26 * colinclark has quit
2014-10-16T16:30:29 <Justin_o> I\'m not sure, I\'d assume that they are expecting someone else to implement whatever is necessary for security. However, in the absence of that, the signup process would be functionally the same as what we have now in terms of just creating a token.
2014-10-16T16:31:06 <Justin_o> but yes.. if we keep the username and password that would all be mocked and not really do anything
2014-10-16T16:41:25 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-10-16T16:44:04 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-16T16:44:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-16T17:05:12 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-10-16T17:07:05 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-10-16T17:16:34 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-10-16T17:43:17 * jhung_away is now known as jhung
2014-10-16T17:50:26 * anastasiac has quit
2014-10-16T17:52:33 * michelled has quit
2014-10-16T17:56:43 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-10-16T18:11:12 * slim__ joined the channel
'

