b'2014-01-23T22:50:58 * sgithens has quit
2014-01-23T22:58:26 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-23T23:05:34 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-01-23T23:25:43 * yzen has quit
2014-01-23T23:31:41 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-23T23:44:15 * yzen has quit
2014-01-23T23:48:31 * jhung has quit
'

b'2014-01-23T00:01:08 * jhung joined the channel
2014-01-23T00:14:48 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-23T00:18:49 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-23T00:25:13 * yzen has quit
2014-01-23T00:30:04 * jhung has quit
2014-01-23T01:28:29 * jhung joined the channel
2014-01-23T01:37:21 * Bosmon has quit
2014-01-23T01:45:37 * jhung has quit
2014-01-23T01:46:55 * colinclark has quit
2014-01-23T01:59:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-01-23T04:17:44 * colinclark has quit
2014-01-23T05:20:22 * avtar has quit
2014-01-23T06:25:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-23T06:44:07 * yzen has quit
2014-01-23T10:04:16 * boyan joined the channel
2014-01-23T13:04:41 * jhung joined the channel
2014-01-23T13:09:25 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-23T13:10:02 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-23T13:32:24 * jhung has quit
2014-01-23T13:33:50 * jhung joined the channel
2014-01-23T13:37:28 * jhung joined the channel
2014-01-23T13:45:37 * clown joined the channel
2014-01-23T13:45:45 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-01-23T13:50:23 * JASIGLogBot has quit
2014-01-23T13:57:36 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-01-23T13:58:10 <Justin_o_> kasparnet: hello
2014-01-23T13:58:18 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2014-01-23T13:58:32 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-23T13:58:33 <Justin_o_> kasparne_:
2014-01-23T13:58:47 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-23T14:14:38 * Jess_ joined the channel
2014-01-23T14:19:43 * anvk joined the channel
2014-01-23T14:20:50 <kasparne_> hey Justin_o_
2014-01-23T14:20:59 <Justin_o_> kasparne_: hello
2014-01-23T14:21:57 <Justin_o_> kasparne_: i\'m going to setup a test instance of gpii here, so the designers can try it out.. which branch should i be getting the code from? also does it make sense to put it on windows 8 or should i just be doing it on windows 7?
2014-01-23T14:24:28 <kasparne_> Justin_o_: windows 7 is the one you should use... although things are also working under windows 8, we\'re focusing on 7 for now - and will be using that for pilots as well
2014-01-23T14:24:54 <kasparne_> Justin_o_: to avoid things getting too messy, I suggest you use the master branches of each the repos
2014-01-23T14:26:03 <kasparne_> I believe it should be up to date with PCP/PMT related stuff
2014-01-23T14:36:22 <Justin_o_> kasparne_: great thanks.. and the setup docs are current too?
2014-01-23T14:37:02 <kasparne_> Justin_o_: which setup docs are you referring to?
2014-01-23T14:37:29 <Justin_o_> kasparne_: this one http://wiki.gpii.net/index.php/Setting_Up_Your_Development_Environment
2014-01-23T14:37:42 <kasparne_> ah, yes! It should be, Justin_o_
2014-01-23T14:40:16 <Justin_o_> kasparne_: great thanks..
2014-01-23T14:52:08 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-01-23T14:52:20 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-01-23T14:57:21 <jhung> Hey vjoanna - do we have a good landing page for UIO? Something that summarizes what it is, maybe a demo, and links to other documents? Basically something that our partners and funders can come and look without getting too heavy.
2014-01-23T14:59:34 <jhung> The same will apply for video player, metadata and some of the other components we\'re building.
2014-01-23T14:59:57 * avtar joined the channel
2014-01-23T15:00:34 <vjoanna> jhing: i think one of the demos would make sense - i\'m wondering though if we should link from the demo to other related pages?
2014-01-23T15:00:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-01-23T15:05:35 <jhung> vjoanna: that\'s a possibility. The issue with that is the demos are built nightly so they may become unstable. :/
2014-01-23T15:06:58 <jhung> I guess for now that would be okay until we have stable demos running somewhere.
2014-01-23T15:08:00 <vjoanna> jhung: hmm.. i guess the other option is link to a wiki page with a description and some visuals - and from there link to a demo.. but i think that would be less compelling?
2014-01-23T15:10:18 <jhung> vjoanna: I wonder in that case if we should make "product" pages on the floeproject website with a demo for each. We\'ll use a snapshot of Infusion so in that sense it\'ll be stable.
2014-01-23T15:11:14 <jhung> vjoanna: I\'m thinking something like this on the page: 1. Static visual 2. short description on why it\'s awesome. 3. stable demo. 4. links to work (wiki, etc.)
2014-01-23T15:12:05 <jhung> vjoanna:  however, Jess_ was hoping we\'d be able to to use something we have currently without much work.
2014-01-23T15:12:51 <vjoanna> jhung: that\'s an option.. but i\'m worried it would be more to maintain
2014-01-23T15:14:44 <jhung> vjoanna: possibly. But it\'ll be no different than maintaining a wiki page with the same information, no?
2014-01-23T15:14:57 <Jess_> two links?
2014-01-23T15:15:02 <Jess_> one to \'demo\'
2014-01-23T15:15:16 <Jess_> second to \'work or more info or something\'
2014-01-23T15:15:18 <Jess_> ?
2014-01-23T15:15:23 <vjoanna> yes, but a wiki page is easier to maintain?
2014-01-23T15:15:36 <Jess_> yes, first link to the build
2014-01-23T15:15:40 <Jess_> second link to the wiki page
2014-01-23T15:21:02 <jhung> Jess_, vjoanna - then I\'m thinking that we need a clean landing page for these things on the wiki?
2014-01-23T15:34:01 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-01-23T15:46:45 <vjoanna> jhung, jess_: something like this: https://www.dropbox.com/s/xr4jqefrahj5ib2/demopage.pdf is what i had in mind
2014-01-23T15:50:00 <Jess_> vjoanna: that\'s quite nice -- jhung how difficult would it be to create 3 of those? one for VP, LO, and metadata?
2014-01-23T15:50:02 <jhung> vjoanna: that\'s cool. but this looks like it\'ll be a page hosted on the floe website, which goes back to your "more to maintain" point above.
2014-01-23T15:51:16 <jhung> Jess_: I think it may be okay to do something similar to that. I\'ll have to talk to anastasiac to figure out how best to build it.
2014-01-23T15:51:53 <jhung> Jess_: perhaps an interim solution would be to make just a basic product page on the floe website that links to the relevant resources? then integrate demos etc in a future improvement?
2014-01-23T15:52:39 <Jess_> jhung: i was just having the same thought. so vjoanna that \'box\' of links would exist on the floe project images on the front page i think for now
2014-01-23T15:52:50 <Jess_> and then we can build it into the build site demos
2014-01-23T15:53:07 <Jess_> it means more clicking for the user -- perhaps it\'s a good use case for opening a new tab/window?
2014-01-23T15:53:08 <vjoanna> jhung: why does it have to be hosted on the floe website?
2014-01-23T15:54:47 <jhung> Jess_: so we would drop the text descriptions for MD/VO/UIO in favour of these new links (demo, design, code)?
2014-01-23T15:55:29 <Jess_> jhung: i don\'t know that we\'d lose the text -- just add the two links, no?
2014-01-23T15:55:36 <jhung> vjoanna: not sue where else we would put it. The wiki isn\'t appropriate. Perhaps the build site, but that\'s more for nightly stuff. So floe site seems like the only place.
2014-01-23T15:58:52 <Jess_> jhung: we should worry of course ;) -- but let\'s get on the same page first re: how we link to this stuff, ok?
2014-01-23T15:59:10 <Jess_> vjoanna: after this call can we check in with jhung and just get this cleared up?
2014-01-23T15:59:20 <jhung> Jess_:  sounds good.
2014-01-23T15:59:59 <vjoanna> sounds good jess_
2014-01-23T16:01:16 * yzen has quit
2014-01-23T16:01:49 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-23T16:17:25 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-01-23T16:23:16 * boyan has left the channel
2014-01-23T16:27:34 <Jess_> vjoanna: you around?
2014-01-23T16:44:32 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-01-23T16:49:29 <Jess_> Justin_o_: are you and fish doing github pages for build and therefore avtar doesn\'t have much to do to "bring build" back up?
2014-01-23T16:53:57 * michelled joined the channel
2014-01-23T16:54:44 <Justin_o_> Jess_: yes that\'s the plan. So we can drop continuum possibly
2014-01-23T16:55:36 <Jess_> Justin_o_: can you touch base with jhung about this?
2014-01-23T16:59:52 * michelle_ joined the channel
2014-01-23T17:00:09 * michelled has left the channel
2014-01-23T17:02:09 <michelle_> jhung, Justin_o_, vjoanna: when shall we chat about github pages?
2014-01-23T17:03:07 <vjoanna> anytime works for me
2014-01-23T17:03:23 <Justin_o_> me too
2014-01-23T17:04:05 <jhung> michelle_: I\'ll be multi tasking if you don\'t mind.
2014-01-23T17:04:21 <michelle_> ok
2014-01-23T17:31:51 * simonjb has quit
2014-01-23T17:38:46 * kasparne_ has quit
2014-01-23T17:39:22 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-23T18:09:37 <cindyli> Justin_o_: i sent a pull request to decouple the simple editor and the metadata panel - https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/20 can you review it?
2014-01-23T18:34:00 <Jess_> anastasiac: you doing ok? have any spare moments?
2014-01-23T18:37:31 * michelle_ has quit
2014-01-23T18:39:14 * kasparnet has quit
2014-01-23T18:40:29 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-01-23T18:41:37 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-01-23T18:45:52 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-01-23T19:05:17 * [o__o] has left the channel
2014-01-23T19:07:44 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-01-23T19:10:29 * [o__o] has left the channel
2014-01-23T19:12:57 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-01-23T19:24:17 * colinclark has quit
2014-01-23T19:25:55 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-01-23T19:33:30 <anastasiac> Jess_, sorry, missed your ping - was out for lunch
2014-01-23T19:33:33 <anastasiac> what can I help with?
2014-01-23T19:36:41 * [o__o] has left the channel
2014-01-23T19:39:11 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-01-23T19:42:32 <jhung> Justin_o_, michelled - do you recall if the video player degrades nicely?
2014-01-23T20:05:52 <cindyli> Justin_o_: the styling fix and a bit of code improvement are pushed into the pull request for FLOE-164. It\'s ready to be reviewed.
2014-01-23T20:27:31 * Jess_ has quit
2014-01-23T20:28:06 * [o__o] has left the channel
2014-01-23T20:30:40 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-01-23T20:36:37 <avtar> Justin_o_, michelled: did you want to chat about build.fluidproject.org?
2014-01-23T20:38:51 <Justin_o_> cindyli: thanks..
2014-01-23T20:39:20 <Justin_o_> jhung: i think it\'s supposed to
2014-01-23T20:39:49 <jhung> thanks Justin_o_
2014-01-23T20:55:47 * michelled has quit
2014-01-23T21:07:32 * cindyli has quit
2014-01-23T21:11:52 * michelled joined the channel
2014-01-23T21:12:03 <michelled> hey avtar, yes, let\'s chat :)
2014-01-23T21:19:00 * yzen has quit
2014-01-23T21:22:34 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-23T21:31:11 * anvk has quit
2014-01-23T21:54:48 * colinclark has quit
2014-01-23T22:03:12 <jhung> anastasiac: email incoming\xe2\x80\xa6 :)
2014-01-23T22:04:50 * yzen has quit
2014-01-23T22:10:07 <anastasiac> jhung, does Jutta know she needs to look at this?
2014-01-23T22:10:20 <anastasiac> does she have a link to look at?
2014-01-23T22:10:39 <jhung> anastasiac: yes. Jess sent her an email earlier this afternoon.
2014-01-23T22:12:20 <jhung> and yes that email had a link to the dropbox site anastasiac
2014-01-23T22:12:29 <anastasiac> k
2014-01-23T22:12:32 <anastasiac> thanks
2014-01-23T22:20:19 * jhung has quit
2014-01-23T22:26:43 * jhung joined the channel
2014-01-23T22:34:09 * avtar has quit
2014-01-23T22:37:38 * yzen joined the channel
2014-01-23T22:46:35 * michelled has quit
'

