b'2014-09-17T17:53:22 <Justin_o> i guess pouchDB can already work like this with a real served couch instance
2014-09-17T17:53:51 <Bosmon7> I guess our concurrency problem with pouchDB is pretty mild - I assume it is actually relatively quick to service updates, and all we need to do is ensure that we don\'t send a further request to it whilst one is outstanding
2014-09-17T17:53:57 <Bosmon7> Otherwise we end up in a race against our own update
2014-09-17T17:54:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: yes.. and that\'s probably most likely to happen in tests or if the browser is slow (maybe from firebug)
2014-09-17T17:54:47 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - out of interest, what kind of error condition do we get from PouchDB if we do this?
2014-09-17T17:54:51 <Bosmon7> Does it complain of a conflict?
2014-09-17T17:55:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: here was my current sketch.. i\'ll amend this to be a wrapper.. but if you see any other glaring issues please let me know.
2014-09-17T17:55:04 <Justin_o> https://www.irccloud.com/pastebin/6asMkzah
2014-09-17T17:55:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i\'m not actually sure, i haven\'t seen the issue
2014-09-17T17:55:28 <Justin_o> cindyli: do you remember what the error was?
2014-09-17T17:55:47 <cindyli> catching up the conversation..
2014-09-17T17:56:00 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - it\'s reasonable, but I think the "add" method is overcomplicated
2014-09-17T17:56:19 <Bosmon7> In this case I don\'t think there is any value to having the "queue" member in a model, since our ChangeApplier semantics for arrays are not very good
2014-09-17T17:56:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: oops yes i meant to remove that, it was from a previous attempt
2014-09-17T17:56:47 <Justin_o> i had been thinking of having an arbitrary number of queues
2014-09-17T17:56:48 <Bosmon7> You can just maintain "queue" as a standard member, and just use the standard "push" and "shift" operations on it
2014-09-17T17:56:52 <Justin_o> but then decided to have just one
2014-09-17T17:57:08 <Bosmon7> I think having one is just fine, even though it might slow us down more than is strictly necessary
2014-09-17T17:57:25 <Bosmon7> Since I assume the only risk with PouchDB is a simultaneous update of the same document
2014-09-17T17:57:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: cool, and you don\'t think the queue should be in the model?
2014-09-17T17:57:36 <Bosmon7> A simple implementation will do for now
2014-09-17T17:57:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: as far as I know yes.. although i suppose views could have the same issue..
2014-09-17T17:57:57 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - right, although it goes against our general "religion" putting all modifiable state into a model, I don\'t think it pays its way here
2014-09-17T17:58:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: so you\'d just want to have isActive in the model?
2014-09-17T17:58:18 <Bosmon7> One really puts things in models to gain the advantage of ChangeApplier events emitted from the model
2014-09-17T17:58:25 <Bosmon7> And the ability to coordinate transactions etc.
2014-09-17T17:58:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i was thinking of having the queue there so you\'d know when something was added
2014-09-17T17:58:51 <Justin_o> although there is unneeded overhead for when something is removed i guess
2014-09-17T17:59:06 <Bosmon7> But at the moment we don\'t have any dedicated ChangeApplier support for dealing with array elements
2014-09-17T17:59:17 <Bosmon7> In the future I imagine we will have dedicated "INSERT" and "REMOVE" event types
2014-09-17T17:59:32 <Bosmon7> But right now all we can usefully determine is that "the array changed"
2014-09-17T17:59:38 <Bosmon7> For which it\'s just reasonable to use a standard event
2014-09-17T17:59:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: yes.. i was going to have check the lenght
2014-09-17T17:59:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: okay
2014-09-17T18:00:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i see, the add method will just fire the event
2014-09-17T18:00:17 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - yup
2014-09-17T18:00:44 <Bosmon7> I think dedicated "requestQueued" and "requestUnqueued" standard events are fine here
2014-09-17T18:01:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: that makes sense
2014-09-17T18:01:21 <Justin_o> i was trying to think of good names too.. so thanks for supplying those :)
2014-09-17T18:01:39 <Bosmon7> Since a modelListener to "" as you have written is all we are actually ever interested in - and this clearly displays that the ChangeApplier isn\'t actually doing any work for us here
2014-09-17T18:02:19 <Bosmon7> In the future we will improve it so that it has a clear semantic for array operations
2014-09-17T18:02:33 <Bosmon7> You met these kinds of problems in the metadata tool, for example
2014-09-17T18:02:54 <Bosmon7> There should really be a dedicated ChangeApplier event signifying "a new element has been appended to this array" or "a new element has been inserted into this array"
2014-09-17T18:03:15 <Bosmon7> And then the NEW RENDERER would be able to react to these, for example, by just permuting the markup it has already, rather than having to re-render it all
2014-09-17T18:04:16 <Bosmon7> You can see an attempt at this kind of thing in ancient APIs which are part of Java\'s "ListModel" for example.....
2014-09-17T18:04:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: yes, that would be awesome
2014-09-17T18:04:18 <Bosmon7> http://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/javax/swing/event/ListDataListener.html
2014-09-17T18:04:45 <Bosmon7> Of course our version of this would be declarative rather than having an API involving 3 interfaces : P
2014-09-17T18:05:05 <Justin_o> :)
2014-09-17T18:05:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: is there an updated ETA for the new renderer?
2014-09-17T18:05:31 <Justin_o> or are we still looking at about a year away?
2014-09-17T18:05:58 <Bosmon7> Yes
2014-09-17T18:06:00 <Bosmon7> Something like that
2014-09-17T18:06:18 <Bosmon7> It will really be past January before we can make a really big push on the framework again
2014-09-17T18:06:30 <Bosmon7> Since we will be tied up until then preparing for the Cloud4All review meeting
2014-09-17T18:07:01 <Bosmon7> However I do mean to fix up these annoyances with the IoC testing framework as soon as possible
2014-09-17T18:15:47 <kasparnet> Bosmon7:  I\'m considering doing THE SWITCH
2014-09-17T18:16:04 <kasparnet> taking all the solutions registry entries and using flat prefs format
2014-09-17T18:16:25 <kasparnet> since that\'s what we have most things defined in, this seems reasonable to do
2014-09-17T18:16:42 <kasparnet> and better do it know, while the MM framework is being modified anyway than later on
2014-09-17T18:16:47 <kasparnet> am I crazy?
2014-09-17T18:17:22 * yzen_ has quit
2014-09-17T18:21:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: thanks
2014-09-17T18:23:13 * Jess_ joined the channel
2014-09-17T18:27:55 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: Would anyone like to join the community meeting remotely? Will be continuing on with doc work in today\'s community meeting
2014-09-17T18:28:13 <cindyli> me, Justin_o
2014-09-17T18:30:34 * yzen joined the channel
2014-09-17T18:30:40 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-09-17T18:30:52 <cindyli> np
2014-09-17T18:34:52 * yzen has quit
2014-09-17T18:35:14 * kasparnet has quit
2014-09-17T18:38:36 * anastasiac has quit
2014-09-17T18:52:01 * yzen joined the channel
2014-09-17T19:15:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-09-17T19:27:38 <Bosmon7> kasparnet - updating the solutions registry?
2014-09-17T19:27:39 <Bosmon7> Do we need to?
2014-09-17T19:28:14 <kasparnet> Bosmon7: well, we dont need need to (the double need was on purpose) ... but it seems sensible in a lot of ways
2014-09-17T19:28:35 <kasparnet> it\'s only the flat MM and canopy MM that uses the hierarchical ontology
2014-09-17T19:28:51 <kasparnet> and if you look, eg at https://code.stypi.com/kaspermarkus/MM%20stuff/MM%20Output.js
2014-09-17T19:28:58 <Bosmon7> Well sure, but does it make much of a difference what format our solutions entries are in?
2014-09-17T19:29:03 <kasparnet> line 25\'sh
2014-09-17T19:29:12 <kasparnet> the MM output is in the flat format
2014-09-17T19:29:38 <kasparnet> so instead of having to do an ontogy transformation to interpret this, we could just take it directly
2014-09-17T19:29:38 <Bosmon7> It "happens do be"
2014-09-17T19:29:44 <Bosmon7> er
2014-09-17T19:29:45 <Bosmon7> "happens to be"
2014-09-17T19:30:01 <kasparnet> what do you mean: happens to be
2014-09-17T19:30:10 <Bosmon7> Well ok kasparnet - why not just abolish ontologies altogether :)
2014-09-17T19:30:15 <Bosmon7> if we only plan to support one of them?
2014-09-17T19:30:22 <Bosmon7> I know it would make your life a lot easier : P
2014-09-17T19:30:25 <Bosmon7> One less component in the system.....
2014-09-17T19:30:50 <kasparnet> because our MM depends on it, and other MMs might depend on others
2014-09-17T19:30:56 <Bosmon7> Sure
2014-09-17T19:30:58 <kasparnet> as well as the preferences tools
2014-09-17T19:31:05 <Bosmon7> So why don\'t we keep the solutions the way they are?
2014-09-17T19:31:44 <Bosmon7> Are you saying that we should insist that all solutions should be in the flat ontology?
2014-09-17T19:31:45 <kasparnet> because our C4A vocabulary is common terms, these are what we\'re asking the implementers to relate their settings to, etc
2014-09-17T19:32:15 <kasparnet> well - all transformations in the solutions registry need to be in one type
2014-09-17T19:32:23 <kasparnet> else we\'ll need some sort of qualifier everywhere
2014-09-17T19:32:32 <Bosmon7> I see
2014-09-17T19:32:35 <Bosmon7> Hadn\'t we planned to do this?
2014-09-17T19:32:48 <kasparnet> ... I guess that\'s my general concern -- if we allow different ontologies everywhere, we would need qualifiers everywhere
2014-09-17T19:33:02 <kasparnet> not according to our payloads
2014-09-17T19:34:00 <Bosmon7> This sounds like a big decision to just make off the bat....
2014-09-17T19:34:23 <Bosmon7> It\'s the kind of thing we should check at least amongst the summit team
2014-09-17T19:34:38 <kasparnet> well - the alternative decision - to qualify every payload that has to do with preferences by ontology seems to be a big decision as well
2014-09-17T19:34:44 <Bosmon7> right
2014-09-17T19:34:53 <Bosmon7> Either one seems like a big decision : P
2014-09-17T19:35:01 <Bosmon7> I don\'t think we can just answer that amongst the two of us
2014-09-17T19:35:42 <kasparnet> Bosmon7: dammit - i hate you antranig
2014-09-17T19:35:47 <kasparnet> :D
2014-09-17T19:37:39 <kasparnet> Bosmon7: it\'s a bit scary, when hacking on this stuff, one realizes a lot of the MM challenges - and that we will have to deal with at least some of them if we want the flat (or canopy) MM to be a half-way decent functioning matchmaker, to use as a baseline
2014-09-17T19:38:15 <kasparnet> like actually making decisions on what should launch and what shouldn\'t, what the PCP should display, selecting between solutions covering the same need, etc
2014-09-17T19:38:20 <Bosmon7> yes
2014-09-17T19:38:27 <Bosmon7> There\'s a huge amount to do
2014-09-17T19:38:38 <Bosmon7> Although deciding what to do is thankfully a fairly big part of it : P
2014-09-17T19:38:41 <kasparnet> in some ways I\'m getting the feeling that this is a queue to retiring the flat MM and fixing up the canopy
2014-09-17T19:39:01 <kasparnet> as I doubt the flat\'s ability to do much intelligent work
2014-09-17T19:39:46 <kasparnet> anyway - I\'m glancing at the MM code as I go through this stuff, so hopefully I\'ll have a list of issues/holes at the end of the process
2014-09-17T19:41:00 <Bosmon7> great!
2014-09-17T19:47:24 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-09-17T19:53:33 * heidiv has quit
2014-09-17T20:00:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: were you expecting the unqueue event to fire after the save has started or after it has finished
2014-09-17T20:00:20 <Justin_o> i\'m thinking it will be pulled from the queue when we are operating it
2014-09-17T20:15:15 * anvk has quit
2014-09-17T20:23:06 * kasparnet has quit
2014-09-17T20:33:25 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - I\'m wondering why "verifyNumRequests" is a sequence element of type "listener"?
2014-09-17T20:40:33 * slim has quit
2014-09-17T20:54:31 * cindyli has quit
2014-09-17T20:59:13 * clown has quit
2014-09-17T21:00:51 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-09-17T21:16:37 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-09-17T21:28:02 * anastasiac has quit
2014-09-17T21:49:30 * yzen has quit
2014-09-17T21:49:36 * yzen_ joined the channel
2014-09-17T22:06:08 * Justin_o has quit
2014-09-17T22:11:51 * simonjb has quit
2014-09-17T22:15:47 * Jess_ has quit
2014-09-17T22:17:44 * kasparnet has quit
2014-09-17T22:23:40 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-09-17T22:56:17 * yzen_ has quit
2014-09-17T22:58:31 * colinclark has quit
'

b'2014-09-17T00:29:15 * kasparnet has quit
2014-09-17T00:51:11 * yzen joined the channel
2014-09-17T01:32:03 * jhernandez has quit
2014-09-17T01:48:28 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-09-17T01:50:42 * heidiv joined the channel
2014-09-17T01:54:13 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-09-17T02:22:37 * heidiv has quit
2014-09-17T03:02:22 * yzen has quit
2014-09-17T03:27:51 * yzen joined the channel
2014-09-17T03:29:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-09-17T03:34:17 * kasparnet has quit
2014-09-17T04:39:37 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-09-17T04:46:06 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-09-17T04:59:09 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2014-09-17T05:01:43 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-09-17T05:04:25 * yzen has quit
2014-09-17T05:29:45 * Bosmon8 has quit
2014-09-17T05:30:09 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-09-17T05:32:15 * yzen joined the channel
2014-09-17T05:36:56 * yzen has quit
2014-09-17T06:58:04 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-09-17T06:58:41 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-09-17T07:32:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-09-17T07:59:30 * slim joined the channel
2014-09-17T08:28:43 * yzen joined the channel
2014-09-17T08:33:19 * yzen has quit
2014-09-17T09:10:18 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-09-17T09:40:37 * kasparnet has quit
2014-09-17T09:46:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-09-17T11:18:15 * kasparnet has quit
2014-09-17T11:22:31 * heidiv joined the channel
2014-09-17T11:22:53 * heidiv has quit
2014-09-17T11:42:07 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-09-17T12:16:21 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-09-17T12:23:46 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-09-17T12:44:43 * yzen joined the channel
2014-09-17T13:05:30 * amilchev has left the channel
2014-09-17T13:12:43 * yzen has quit
2014-09-17T13:22:17 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-09-17T13:25:01 * simonjb has quit
2014-09-17T13:27:36 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-09-17T13:27:43 * anvk joined the channel
2014-09-17T13:35:59 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-09-17T13:39:58 * yzen joined the channel
2014-09-17T13:41:26 <Justin_o> cindyli: i was just looking at the component grades docs, is it true that a model and modelRelay components are not evented? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/blob/master/ComponentGrades.md
2014-09-17T13:44:35 <cindyli> Justin_o: i think so. but so far i haven\'t got a chance to use model and modelRelay components. ;). littleComponent, standardComponent and standardRelayComponent apparently are more popular.
2014-09-17T13:45:06 <Justin_o> ah standared component i had missed that one
2014-09-17T13:45:59 <cindyli> :)
2014-09-17T13:46:11 <Justin_o> thanks
2014-09-17T13:46:14 <cindyli> np
2014-09-17T14:00:23 * yzen has quit
2014-09-17T14:00:43 * yzen joined the channel
2014-09-17T14:23:32 <amilchev> hey kasparnet, quick question: can we categorize any application specific adjuster that PCP would need to show into one of the groups we\'re having (visual alternatives, volume, language, add contrast & increase size)?
2014-09-17T14:23:33 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-09-17T14:24:04 <amilchev> so that the pcp won\'t need to create even whole new groups as well
2014-09-17T14:26:25 <kasparnet> amilchev: yeah, I think that might be possible
2014-09-17T14:28:37 <amilchev> kasparnet ok as a starting point I\'ll assume we can do this in all cases. The name of the group can be passed to pcp along with other info
2014-09-17T14:30:40 <kasparnet> yup
2014-09-17T14:36:10 * sgithens_ has quit
2014-09-17T14:36:54 * Justin_o has quit
2014-09-17T14:47:58 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-09-17T14:49:16 * sgithens__ joined the channel
2014-09-17T15:02:40 * clown joined the channel
2014-09-17T15:06:45 * clown waves at cindyli
2014-09-17T15:12:23 <cindyli> *waves back at clown* :)
2014-09-17T15:15:46 * yzen has quit
2014-09-17T15:15:51 * yzen_ joined the channel
2014-09-17T15:43:26 <amilchev> hey Justin_o, you once mentioned that infusion supports dynamic HTML template creation (like handlebars.js e.g.)
2014-09-17T15:43:51 * heidiv joined the channel
2014-09-17T15:44:57 <amilchev> (semantic templates I guess it\'s called)
2014-09-17T15:45:32 <amilchev> Justin_o: what was the lib/framework for this and could you link me any docs/examples for it?
2014-09-17T15:47:21 * kasparnet has quit
2014-09-17T15:51:00 <Justin_o> it\'s called the renderer
2014-09-17T15:51:34 <Justin_o> There are a bunch of renderer docs here https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs
2014-09-17T15:51:42 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/blob/master/Renderer.md
2014-09-17T15:52:10 <Justin_o> it can be a bit tricky to use at times, it is slated for a major change, but that probably won\'t happen for a year or so
2014-09-17T15:52:17 <Justin_o> amilchev: ^
2014-09-17T15:54:01 <amilchev> Justin_o thanks
2014-09-17T15:58:35 <Justin_o> amilchev: let me know if you need help with it at all
2014-09-17T15:58:55 <amilchev> sure
2014-09-17T16:05:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-09-17T16:17:27 * cindyli has quit
2014-09-17T16:22:30 <Bosmon7> Hi there Justin_o - I started to check out your branch for metadata/feedback
2014-09-17T16:22:41 <Bosmon7> I noticed that the tests actually hang on Firefox, as part of the 3rd sequence
2014-09-17T16:22:44 <Bosmon7> Is this what you observe as well?
2014-09-17T16:22:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: thanks for looking
2014-09-17T16:22:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: did uncomment anything out?
2014-09-17T16:23:05 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - I didn\'t change anything yet
2014-09-17T16:23:13 <Bosmon7> I get the "anti-hang" message at sequence point 5 of 10
2014-09-17T16:23:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: was it hanging on the verifyRequests one?
2014-09-17T16:23:40 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - verifyNumRequests in fact
2014-09-17T16:23:49 <Justin_o> oh really.. no i didn\'t see that before
2014-09-17T16:23:54 <Justin_o> let me try it again
2014-09-17T16:25:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: hmm.. all passing for me.. i suppose it could be some timing thing that\'s different on our machines i guess
2014-09-17T16:26:21 <Justin_o> i would have expected that one to work though
2014-09-17T16:26:59 <Justin_o> if it is the one with two events though, it could be a timing issue since they both are triggered by the same workflow
2014-09-17T16:27:01 <Bosmon7> ok
2014-09-17T16:27:04 <Bosmon7> I\'ll investigate further
2014-09-17T16:27:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: thanks, appreciate it
2014-09-17T16:37:31 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-09-17T17:00:53 * amilchev has quit
2014-09-17T17:00:53 * slim has quit
2014-09-17T17:02:01 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-09-17T17:02:01 * slim joined the channel
2014-09-17T17:06:38 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-09-17T17:35:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon7, cindyli: "" vs "*" in a modelListener is that "*" will fire on all changed paths, and "" will only fire once? is that correct
2014-09-17T17:36:00 <Justin_o> ?
2014-09-17T17:37:02 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - * will fire once per top-level path which changes
2014-09-17T17:37:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: thanks
2014-09-17T17:44:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i\'m starting to look at http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-227
2014-09-17T17:44:39 <Justin_o> were you hoping for something specific to the pouchDB datasource or something general to anything?
2014-09-17T17:44:54 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - it should be a general wrapper that can accept any other dataSource
2014-09-17T17:45:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: oh it should accept a datasource
2014-09-17T17:45:09 <Justin_o> i think i don\'t understand that
2014-09-17T17:45:33 <Bosmon7> Our infrastructure for this isn\'t terribly good yet, in fact I am having to rewrite all of our existing DataSource tests in Kettle
2014-09-17T17:45:45 <Bosmon7> But you can see some examples of dataSource "wrapping"
2014-09-17T17:45:59 <Bosmon7> Such a datasource can wrap another one, exposing just the same API upstream
2014-09-17T17:46:18 <Bosmon7> In our terms, the sensible thing would be to supply the wrapped datasource as a subcomponent of the wrapper
2014-09-17T17:46:31 <Bosmon7> Then the wrapper exposes exactly the same get/set API combination
2014-09-17T17:46:49 <Bosmon7> It will then forward the requests to the wrapped datasource in some kind of modified way
2014-09-17T17:46:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: okay.. i was wondering how the callback would be managed
2014-09-17T17:47:06 <Justin_o> but maybe this is clearer in this wrapping with a subcomponent case
2014-09-17T17:47:20 <Bosmon7> In our situation, it will forward the requests after "globbing" them together - that is, it will combine what would be multiple "set" requests into one
2014-09-17T17:47:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: oh really
2014-09-17T17:47:36 * clown_mtg is now known as clown
2014-09-17T17:47:39 <Justin_o> we wouldn\'t still want to run them independentyly
2014-09-17T17:47:41 <Bosmon7> And so in that way it will cut down on the rate of requests to the real datasource, as well as ensuring that only one is active at any time
2014-09-17T17:48:14 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - yes, the most reasonable way of operating this kind of wrapper is for it to maintain a cache of models which have been modified
2014-09-17T17:48:26 <Bosmon7> Which it uses its own ChangeApplier to track
2014-09-17T17:48:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: so we\'d have a queue and just send them off one at a time after the previous one has finished?
2014-09-17T17:48:42 <Bosmon7> When it decides that it is a good time to hit the real DataSource, it will flush its cache into just one big request
2014-09-17T17:48:52 <Justin_o> oh
2014-09-17T17:49:12 <Justin_o> so it still does a single save, but it maintains a local copy of the model it\'s going to push up?
2014-09-17T17:49:19 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - right
2014-09-17T17:49:34 <Bosmon7> And if it considers that the real dataSource is "busy" or otherwise unavailable, it will just update its own cache and wait
2014-09-17T17:49:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon7:  would that work for creating and modifying different documents though?
2014-09-17T17:50:02 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - with the current dataSource architecture, we would have to maintain one cache per document
2014-09-17T17:50:32 <Bosmon7> You could just implement your original idea first as an experiment
2014-09-17T17:50:42 <Bosmon7> That is a "one for one" relay of requests, just delayed
2014-09-17T17:50:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: okay.. is it worth doing?
2014-09-17T17:50:51 <Bosmon7> Sure
2014-09-17T17:51:08 <Bosmon7> It will get our feet wet with this kind of implementation, which I think we will be doing a lot of in the future
2014-09-17T17:51:24 <Bosmon7> There are lots of ways in which a dataSource can be improved by wrapping
2014-09-17T17:52:12 <Bosmon7> I guess our pouchDB problem is a relatively simple one
2014-09-17T17:52:20 <Bosmon7> But you could imagine a client connected to a real server
2014-09-17T17:52:28 <Bosmon7> And needing to deal with the case that the connection to the server might go down
2014-09-17T17:52:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: yes, that\'s a good point
2014-09-17T17:53:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i suppose in a case like that having alternative datasources like a pouchDB instance would be useful too
2014-09-17T17:53:11 <Bosmon7> We\'d like a UI that allows the user to continue to do work, whilst the dataSource periodically retries the server connection
2014-09-17T17:53:14 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - yes, that\'s right
'

