b'2014-04-28T19:39:40 <anastasiac> np
2014-04-28T19:43:10 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-04-28T19:49:25 * michelled has quit
2014-04-28T19:58:00 * michelled joined the channel
2014-04-28T20:16:41 * ayush joined the channel
2014-04-28T20:35:39 * avtar joined the channel
2014-04-28T20:41:33 * cindyli has quit
2014-04-28T20:47:40 * jhung has quit
2014-04-28T20:54:43 * anvk has quit
2014-04-28T21:17:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-04-28T21:22:17 * michelled has quit
2014-04-28T21:26:05 * yzen_ has quit
2014-04-28T21:34:51 * anastasiac has quit
2014-04-28T21:34:56 * sgithens has quit
2014-04-28T21:35:35 * Justin_o has quit
2014-04-28T21:43:40 * ayush has quit
2014-04-28T22:04:57 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-04-28T22:24:28 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-04-28T23:04:44 * colinclark has quit
2014-04-28T23:07:10 * avtar has quit
2014-04-28T23:19:44 * jessm has quit
'

b'2014-04-28T15:07:02 * anastasiac has quit
2014-04-28T15:08:41 <colinclark> Justin_o: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5335
2014-04-28T15:12:05 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-04-28T15:29:19 * cindyli has quit
2014-04-28T15:50:04 * danaayotte has quit
2014-04-28T15:59:40 * michelled has quit
2014-04-28T16:00:36 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-04-28T16:01:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-04-28T16:02:06 * michelled joined the channel
2014-04-28T16:04:44 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks
2014-04-28T16:15:10 <Justin_o> michelled, cindyli: i have filed another pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/501
2014-04-28T16:15:50 <michelled> thx Justin_o
2014-04-28T16:21:34 <Justin_o> jhung: can you indicate on your pull request all the jiras it should be covering now https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/496
2014-04-28T16:27:11 * ayush joined the channel
2014-04-28T16:30:58 * colinclark has quit
2014-04-28T16:32:22 * ayush has quit
2014-04-28T16:42:41 * michelled has quit
2014-04-28T17:14:15 <jhung> Justin_o: sorry for missing your message. I updated the pull request description.
2014-04-28T17:32:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-04-28T17:36:16 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-04-28T17:37:20 * kasparnet has quit
2014-04-28T17:41:44 * jessm has quit
2014-04-28T17:42:29 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2014-04-28T17:42:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-04-28T17:49:11 <Justin_o> jhung: does something happen to the fonts in the contrast themes.. they look a bit "blurry" when the contrasts are applied
2014-04-28T17:49:41 <jhung> checking now Justin_o
2014-04-28T17:52:01 <jhung> Justin_o: ah. It\'s the bold style FSS applies to links. It makes icon fonts look poor.
2014-04-28T17:52:24 <jhung> I\'ll make a fix for that.
2014-04-28T17:52:28 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2014-04-28T17:53:00 <Justin_o> i wonder if we could/should have bold and italicized options for the fonts?
2014-04-28T17:53:12 <Justin_o> is that needed?
2014-04-28T17:53:43 * jessm joined the channel
2014-04-28T17:57:46 <jhung> Justin_o: I just discovered a somewhat major bug in overviewPanel.
2014-04-28T17:57:58 <Justin_o> jhung: oh no, what\'s that?
2014-04-28T17:58:09 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-04-28T17:58:56 <jhung> if you use a link to navigate away from the demo (i.e. you select "Code" or "Api"), and you use the browser\'s back key to return to the demo - the overviewPanel content is gone, but the container is still there.
2014-04-28T17:59:20 <jhung> This happens in FF. Going to check Chrome now.
2014-04-28T18:00:20 <jhung> To see the empty container more clearly, use the PrefsFramework demo, change to a contrast theme, navigate away and come back.
2014-04-28T18:02:18 <jhung> It seems okay in Chrome and Safari.
2014-04-28T18:11:29 <Justin_o> jhung: :(
2014-04-28T18:11:32 <Justin_o> caching issue?
2014-04-28T18:12:00 <Justin_o> jhung: i\'m getting an error in firebug
2014-04-28T18:12:36 <Justin_o> jhung: it looks like it\'s missing the container
2014-04-28T18:13:11 <jhung> Which container Justin_o?
2014-04-28T18:16:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-04-28T18:17:16 * michelled joined the channel
2014-04-28T18:32:49 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-04-28T18:40:47 * michelled has quit
2014-04-28T18:40:48 <Justin_o> jhung: sorry.. went for a walk
2014-04-28T18:40:54 <Justin_o> jhung: the components container i think
2014-04-28T18:41:08 <Justin_o> jhung: here\'s the error "ASSERTION FAILED: Instantiation of autoInit component with type fluid.overviewPanel failed, since selector " .flc-overviewPanel " did not match any markup in the document"
2014-04-28T18:41:46 <jhung> Justin_o, it\'s there for me.
2014-04-28T18:43:22 <Justin_o> jhung: that only happens when i follow a link and come back
2014-04-28T18:43:40 <Justin_o> jhung: also, the focus styling seems correct for me in the contrast theme
2014-04-28T18:44:19 <jhung> Justin_o: focus is fine - active styling was wrong. :)
2014-04-28T18:44:32 <Justin_o> jhung: how do i get the active styling?
2014-04-28T18:45:21 <Justin_o> ah i think i see it, but had to use a combination of the keyboard and mouse to reproduce it
2014-04-28T18:45:26 <jhung> Justin_o: when you click a link in the panel with mouse. It\'ll turn a light blue outline regardless of the contrast theme.
2014-04-28T18:47:08 * michelled joined the channel
2014-04-28T18:50:32 <Justin_o> jhung: i\'m not getting that
2014-04-28T18:50:56 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I investigated your resolution failure in more detail and wrote it up as http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5332
2014-04-28T18:51:25 <Bosmon> Now I see in more detail what code path is responsible, I think it\'s best if we just proceed with our original plan and just fix FLUID-4890 before the release
2014-04-28T18:51:49 <Bosmon> Since otherwise we\'ll have to disturb rather more framework code than would be wise this soon before release-time
2014-04-28T18:52:11 <Bosmon> I\'ll try and get that done today
2014-04-28T18:52:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for filing that and for working on FLUID-4890
2014-04-28T18:53:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so that means we\'ll be alerted to the issues, but we won\'t yet start to fix any thing that comes up because of these situations
2014-04-28T18:53:16 <Bosmon> Bosmon - that\'s right
2014-04-28T18:53:34 <Bosmon> We\'ll at least get a more recognisable diagnostic that hopefully gives a better clue to the developer what the cause of the failure is
2014-04-28T18:53:51 <Bosmon> But right now it will be up to them to make sure they don\'t destroy a component partway through a loop of listeners that is attached to it
2014-04-28T18:54:19 <Bosmon> To be honest, that\'s a pretty standard requirement for any framework : P
2014-04-28T18:54:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :)
2014-04-28T18:54:33 <Bosmon> It\'s only because of the special nature of our framework that we have the possibility to do better
2014-04-28T18:54:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. and we\'ll have the proper error message in place to help them
2014-04-28T18:54:48 <Bosmon> Given we actually know where all the event firers are in the system
2014-04-28T18:54:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s good news
2014-04-28T18:58:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: by the way, i\'m ready for another round of code review for https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/19
2014-04-28T19:02:54 <Justin_o> michelled: is there a jira for removing the FSS demos?
2014-04-28T19:03:07 <michelled> Justin_o: not yet
2014-04-28T19:03:26 <Justin_o> michelled: okay.. i\'ll file one
2014-04-28T19:03:47 <michelled> thx Justin_o
2014-04-28T19:04:27 <Justin_o> michelled: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5336
2014-04-28T19:04:33 <michelled> thx!
2014-04-28T19:05:39 <Justin_o> michelled: should we remove the FSS manual tests too?
2014-04-28T19:06:49 <michelled> Justin_o: do we use them for QA?
2014-04-28T19:07:13 <Justin_o> michelled: yes, i guess so
2014-04-28T19:07:19 <Justin_o> i guess we can keep it around for that
2014-04-28T19:07:33 <michelled> yeah
2014-04-28T19:07:44 <michelled> and if we think we want the demos for QA, we could move them into that folder too
2014-04-28T19:07:46 <michelled> I suppose
2014-04-28T19:07:55 <michelled> we basically want to stop advertising FSS
2014-04-28T19:08:04 <michelled> but it should still work for the 1.5 release
2014-04-28T19:09:33 <Justin_o> michelled: i think it should be okay to just remove the demos. What do you think?
2014-04-28T19:10:20 <michelled> I\'d rather have them removed, I was just deferring to you for the QA perspective
2014-04-28T19:10:38 <Justin_o> michelled: ah okay.. i\'ll just leave them as being removed then
2014-04-28T19:10:51 <Justin_o> it will keep us from having to worry about bugs in the demos too
2014-04-28T19:11:04 <Justin_o> michelled, colinclark: could one of you review this pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/502
2014-04-28T19:11:35 <colinclark> I am in the midst of some writing
2014-04-28T19:11:44 <colinclark> I could probably do it later tonight if michelled can\xe2\x80\x99t get to it before me
2014-04-28T19:12:18 <Justin_o> colinclark, michelled: any thoughts on deleting this branch https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/tree/mfss-firefox
2014-04-28T19:12:46 <colinclark> toast
2014-04-28T19:12:51 <michelled> seems reasonable to delete it
2014-04-28T19:12:52 <colinclark> It never got merged
2014-04-28T19:12:56 <colinclark> and the FSS is deprecated
2014-04-28T19:13:01 <colinclark> might as well, as michelled says, delete it
2014-04-28T19:13:17 <Justin_o> colinclark, michelled: okay, i\'ll drop it now.. it will be gone for good though, so no going back
2014-04-28T19:14:01 <colinclark> surely even branch history is retained at some level in Git, no?
2014-04-28T19:14:07 <Justin_o> michelled: also, should this branch (https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/tree/demo)  have been dropped with FLUID-5000
2014-04-28T19:14:27 <Justin_o> colinclark: i don\'t think so, i believe those pieces of the history get pruned if there are no more pointers
2014-04-28T19:14:33 <Justin_o> no tags, branches, and etc
2014-04-28T19:15:02 <colinclark> ah, interesting
2014-04-28T19:15:33 <Bosmon> Thanks, Justin_o - reviewing now
2014-04-28T19:16:16 <Justin_o> colinclark: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2613903/does-deleting-a-branch-in-git-remove-it-from-the-history
2014-04-28T19:16:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2014-04-28T19:16:48 <michelled> Justin_o: yes! that branch should be gone now too :)
2014-04-28T19:17:01 <Justin_o> michelled: i\'ll delete that one for sure
2014-04-28T19:17:06 <michelled> yay!
2014-04-28T19:17:15 <Justin_o> colinclark, michelled: any reservations about dropping the mfss one?
2014-04-28T19:17:30 <michelled> I don\'t have any.
2014-04-28T19:17:33 <colinclark> Don\xe2\x80\x99t we still have it archived somewhere as a patch from the old days?
2014-04-28T19:18:39 <colinclark> Amazingly it still lives at this Dropbox link: http://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/6523560/infusion/css/fss-mobile-theme-firefox.css
2014-04-28T19:18:44 <colinclark> but yes, I think we\xe2\x80\x99re fine to delete it
2014-04-28T19:19:45 <Justin_o> colinclark: :) okay
2014-04-28T19:22:16 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o, cindyli - I think the branch is now ok, except for the issues which have been allocated to cindy\'s branch as a result of upgrading to the new modelRelay hierarchy
2014-04-28T19:22:27 <Bosmon> However my comment on the test structure in resourceInputPanelTests.js still isn\'t addressed
2014-04-28T19:24:37 <Bosmon> I\'ve made an additional comment for improving resourceInputPanelTestUtils.js
2014-04-28T19:24:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i made some of those changes in cindyli\'s branch because i wasn\'t able to do it in mine at the time
2014-04-28T19:25:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cool
2014-04-28T19:25:57 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-04-28T19:28:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'ll take a look over your latest comments, but probably won\'t get to them till tomorrow.
2014-04-28T19:31:48 <Justin_o> colinclark, michelled: we are down to just 2 branches in infusion now
2014-04-28T19:31:55 <colinclark> nice
2014-04-28T19:34:10 <colinclark> michelled, Bosmon, anastasiac: I need to send out some documentation about the schemas for the Preferences Framework
2014-04-28T19:34:38 <colinclark> in particular, I want to send something that helps to clarify how a Matchmaker could declaratively \xe2\x80\x9cconfigure\xe2\x80\x9d the PCP by sending along an appropriate Primary and Auxillary schema
2014-04-28T19:34:50 <colinclark> I have written some material for the PGA project that discusses this approach broadly
2014-04-28T19:35:05 <colinclark> but do we have some decent documentation that outlines the structure of these documents?
2014-04-28T19:35:17 <anastasiac> colinclark, would these help?
2014-04-28T19:35:18 <anastasiac> http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Primary+Schema+for+Preferences+Framework
2014-04-28T19:35:23 <anastasiac> http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Auxiliary+Schema+for+Preferences+Framework
2014-04-28T19:35:33 <colinclark> These are a good start
2014-04-28T19:35:38 <colinclark> they\xe2\x80\x99re pretty thin
2014-04-28T19:35:43 <colinclark> but they exist ;)
2014-04-28T19:35:56 <anastasiac> yeah, they\'re reference, not tutorial
2014-04-28T19:37:47 <colinclark> that\xe2\x80\x99s ok
2014-04-28T19:38:20 <colinclark> can anyone easily point me to the instances of these schemas used by the PCP today?
2014-04-28T19:38:29 <colinclark> cindyli: Do you have a link handy, by chance?
2014-04-28T19:38:55 <cindyli> checking ..
2014-04-28T19:39:12 <anastasiac> is this it? https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/tree/master/src/shared/schemas/js
2014-04-28T19:39:28 <colinclark> That looks like it!
2014-04-28T19:39:31 <colinclark> Thanks so much
2014-04-28T19:39:34 <cindyli> thanks, anastasiac :)
'

b'2014-04-28T06:37:53 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-04-28T06:37:57 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-04-28T07:33:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-04-28T07:34:26 * kasparnet has quit
2014-04-28T08:18:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-04-28T09:08:03 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-04-28T09:17:59 * kasparnet has quit
2014-04-28T09:47:41 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-04-28T11:50:07 * kasparnet has quit
2014-04-28T12:06:14 * yzen joined the channel
2014-04-28T12:16:23 * jhung joined the channel
2014-04-28T12:30:07 * anvk joined the channel
2014-04-28T12:34:47 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-04-28T12:35:28 * yzen has quit
2014-04-28T12:37:25 * kasparnet has quit
2014-04-28T12:42:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-04-28T12:43:09 * kasparnet has quit
2014-04-28T12:44:12 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-04-28T12:47:17 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-04-28T12:51:12 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-04-28T12:54:24 * jessm joined the channel
2014-04-28T13:02:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-04-28T13:12:28 * yzen joined the channel
2014-04-28T13:20:20 <jhung> Justin_o: I was looking at FLUID-5321 (icons in overview panel disappearing with UIO font changes). The problem comes from the !important rule on the font-family property. There are two ways to solve this:
2014-04-28T13:21:37 <jhung> 1. put our own !important rule on the icon\'s font-family, or 2. override styling per font style per icon. I have my own thoughts on which approach to take, but was wondering what your thoughts are?
2014-04-28T13:21:45 <jhung> ^cindyli your thoughts appreciated too.
2014-04-28T13:22:53 <Justin_o> jhung: how did we solve it for the font icons used within UIO?
2014-04-28T13:24:04 <jhung> Justin_o: checking now.
2014-04-28T13:26:07 <jhung> Justin_o. We put !important on the properties instead of overriding the font-family style.
2014-04-28T13:26:45 <jhung> Justin_o: but using !important isn\'t fool proof though because it would depend on the order in which you import css files, so?
2014-04-28T13:26:52 <Justin_o> jhung: is that the same as your option 1?
2014-04-28T13:26:57 <jhung> yes Justin_o
2014-04-28T13:27:19 <Justin_o> jhung: i guess it would depend on specificity
2014-04-28T13:27:49 <Justin_o> i think that would be my preference though since it would be similar to what\'s used already.. what were your thoughts?
2014-04-28T13:28:45 <jhung> Justin_o: I prefer option #1 as well but was debating if the approach was correct given there was an option #2.
2014-04-28T13:31:37 <Justin_o> jhung: in terms of option #2, I wonder if it would be harder to maintain for example if we added or changed fonts
2014-04-28T13:31:44 <Justin_o> that UIO could set
2014-04-28T13:32:33 <jhung> yes Justin_o that\'s truec- maintaining overrides in general are a pain.
2014-04-28T13:33:31 <jhung> I\'ll go with the original approach Justin_o. Thanks for helping me talk through this. :)
2014-04-28T13:34:16 <Justin_o> jhung: no problem
2014-04-28T13:34:48 <Justin_o> jhung: by the way, if we don\'t hear anything back before wednesday, I think it\'s safe to finalize the CSS framework plan
2014-04-28T13:36:18 <jhung> great Justin_o.
2014-04-28T13:42:59 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please take a look at this pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/500
2014-04-28T13:43:43 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2014-04-28T13:43:48 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-04-28T13:43:51 <cindyli> np
2014-04-28T13:58:59 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-04-28T14:00:37 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-04-28T14:06:23 <sgithens> Bosmon: Is this what you wanted from the call last wednesday?  https://github.com/blog/1395-relative-links-in-markup-files     https://help.github.com/articles/relative-links-in-readmes
2014-04-28T14:07:43 <Justin_o> cindyli: just updated my pull requests from master
2014-04-28T14:07:56 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2014-04-28T14:11:47 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-04-28T14:12:15 <jhung> cindyli, Justin_o: I done all my styling fixes for the overviewPanel. It includes fixes for the issues cindyli identified (FLUID-5321, and FLUID-5322). https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/496
2014-04-28T14:12:59 <cindyli> super! thanks, jhung
2014-04-28T14:14:01 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks.. i\'ll take a look at that today
2014-04-28T14:15:45 * colinclark has quit
2014-04-28T14:22:09 <jhung> thanks Justin_o
2014-04-28T14:24:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-04-28T14:32:22 * kasparnet has quit
2014-04-28T14:40:01 * michelled joined the channel
2014-04-28T14:40:42 <colinclark> Hey michelled, I was looking at our demos this weekend
2014-04-28T14:40:47 <colinclark> I really like the new overlay panel
2014-04-28T14:40:49 <colinclark> it\xe2\x80\x99s really great
2014-04-28T14:41:05 <michelled> yes, I\'m happy with it too - it makes our demos more consistent
2014-04-28T14:41:09 <michelled> and gives a little context
2014-04-28T14:41:31 <colinclark> Totally
2014-04-28T14:41:37 <colinclark> I saw a few things that I thought were interesting
2014-04-28T14:41:47 <colinclark> The first thing is that it\xe2\x80\x99s hard to find an \xe2\x80\x9cordinary\xe2\x80\x9d UI Options demo
2014-04-28T14:42:11 <colinclark> If I am looking at build.fluidproject.org, I see \xe2\x80\x9cinterface options demo\xe2\x80\x9d
2014-04-28T14:42:27 <colinclark> Which is, from the perspective of a user who wants to implement UIO, a fairly sophisticated example
2014-04-28T14:42:49 <colinclark> And there\xe2\x80\x99s no longer a UIO demo linked in \xe2\x80\x9cInfusion Components\xe2\x80\x9d section
2014-04-28T14:43:00 <michelled> hehe
2014-04-28T14:43:04 <colinclark> Though I notice that this is still there: http://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/src/demos/uiOptions/
2014-04-28T14:43:10 <colinclark> even with a nice new demo panel
2014-04-28T14:43:13 <michelled> you\'ve noticed a few TODO on the lavender wall ;)
2014-04-28T14:43:16 <colinclark> aha!
2014-04-28T14:43:17 <colinclark> Cool
2014-04-28T14:43:47 <colinclark> Another thing I noticed is that \xe2\x80\x9ccode\xe2\x80\x9d links in the overlay panels are a bit strnage
2014-04-28T14:43:47 <michelled> so, to page that is currently being shown on build.fluidproject.org is actually planned to be on the fluid project website
2014-04-28T14:44:03 <colinclark> in that they point to the code of the implementation, rather than the code of the demo
2014-04-28T14:44:21 <colinclark> I\xe2\x80\x99m just thinking about it from the perspective of a user, and presumably they might want to look at how the demo was implemented
2014-04-28T14:44:27 <colinclark> and then download Infusion and use it
2014-04-28T14:44:35 <michelled> there is actually a different design for the build site that we haven\'t had time to implement yet
2014-04-28T14:44:46 <colinclark> ah, ok
2014-04-28T14:45:23 <michelled> interesting point about the code links - those were intentional, although perhaps because we didn\'t get a chance to think about who would be looking  at the demos and what they would want
2014-04-28T14:45:31 <colinclark> Yeah
2014-04-28T14:45:43 <colinclark> I don\xe2\x80\x99t think it\xe2\x80\x99s very useful to point just to the implementation\xe2\x80\x94that UI Options example is a good one
2014-04-28T14:45:44 <michelled> Justin_o, anastasiac: what do you think about code links in the overview panel?
2014-04-28T14:46:36 <colinclark> My idea is that the \xe2\x80\x9ccode\xe2\x80\x9d link should point to the source code of the demo
2014-04-28T14:46:48 <colinclark> and that we perhaps have a \xe2\x80\x9cGet Infusion\xe2\x80\x9d link on every demo
2014-04-28T14:47:07 <anastasiac> oh! interesting. That hadn\'t even occurred to me, but now that you mention it, it makes sense...
2014-04-28T14:47:53 <anastasiac> but perhaps a different phrase on the link to the demo code, other than "code" because obviously, it wasn\'t obvious :-) Maybe \'demo code\' ? Or am I being silly
2014-04-28T14:47:54 <anastasiac> ?
2014-04-28T14:48:23 <jhung> +1 for \'demo code\' anastasiac.
2014-04-28T14:48:27 <colinclark> seems just fine to me
2014-04-28T14:49:02 <anastasiac> +1 for \'Get Infusion" link
2014-04-28T14:49:07 <anastasiac> pointing to github repo
2014-04-28T14:49:37 <Justin_o> all makes sense to me +1 as well, but i wonder if the github icon should be used for get infusion
2014-04-28T14:50:08 <anastasiac> that probably makes sens, Justin_o
2014-04-28T14:50:42 <colinclark> Another fairly minor detail
2014-04-28T14:50:43 <michelled> jhung: does this fit under any of the overview panel tweaking that you\'ve been doing?
2014-04-28T14:51:10 <colinclark> I noticed in the UI Options demo that we\xe2\x80\x99ve still got the RSF XML namespace defined in the HTML page, which isn\xe2\x80\x99t needed
2014-04-28T14:51:18 <colinclark> and that in general we\xe2\x80\x99re still using XHTML as our doctype
2014-04-28T14:51:25 <colinclark> might be time for us to embrace the future :)
2014-04-28T14:51:27 <jhung> michelled: can you summarize what the changes are?
2014-04-28T14:51:48 <Justin_o> colinclark: i don\'t think we\'ve done a clean sweep of updating all our existing demos and etc to html 5 yet
2014-04-28T14:52:14 <colinclark> right
2014-04-28T14:52:21 <colinclark> I\xe2\x80\x99m proposing we do that
2014-04-28T14:52:21 <Justin_o> it could be something we do for 1.5 though, any thoughts
2014-04-28T14:52:43 <michelled> jhung: Adding a \'get Infusion\' link to the demos and changing the \'code\' like to \'demo code\' and actually link to the demo code. ;)
2014-04-28T14:53:01 <danaayotte> hey michelled, can you point me to the new design for the build site that you referred to earlier?  is it on the wiki somewhere?
2014-04-28T14:53:24 <michelled> good question. I never know where to look for designs and always ask JV :(
2014-04-28T14:53:31 <michelled> Justin_o: do you know where it it?
2014-04-28T14:53:48 <danaayotte> oh no michelled, we need to fix that!
2014-04-28T14:53:59 <jhung> danaayotte: I can dig up an early design. Not sure if it\'s progressed since then.
2014-04-28T14:54:09 <Justin_o> michelled: sadly i\'m not sure either
2014-04-28T14:54:22 <danaayotte> thanks jhung
2014-04-28T14:54:30 <Justin_o> jhung: we\'ll probably need another icon for "demo code" too
2014-04-28T14:55:23 <Justin_o> colinclark: we can do that, but need to be careful about what tags we use since IE 8 doesn\'t support most of them, or provide a work around in all of the html files to enable them
2014-04-28T14:55:44 <colinclark> Right
2014-04-28T14:56:07 <jhung> michelled + Justin_o: let me take a closer look at the changes. I suspect some may just be styling, but since we\'re adding a new icon, we\'ll need to make that configurable too.
2014-04-28T14:56:20 <jhung> danaayotte: here\'s a link https://www.dropbox.com/s/owf66o8vuslr673/fluidProject-siteanddemos.pdf
2014-04-28T14:56:23 <colinclark> Presumably we can just change the doctype, remove any XML-isms, and leave it at that for 1.5, Justin_o?
2014-04-28T14:56:30 <Justin_o> colinclark:  this makes me wonder if we should just wait till post 1.5 to do that.. since we\'d probably want to go back and remove those workarounds if we aren\'t going to support IE8 anymore
2014-04-28T14:56:36 <colinclark> jhung: Can you post these in the wiki?
2014-04-28T14:56:43 <Justin_o> colinclark: ah.. that\'s true
2014-04-28T14:57:09 <danaayotte> thanks jhung
2014-04-28T14:57:29 <colinclark> Just because we use the HTML doctype doesn\xe2\x80\x99t mean we have to use HTML5 features, I think
2014-04-28T14:57:32 <jhung> colinclark: sure. I\'ll find a place.
2014-04-28T14:57:37 <colinclark> thanks, jhung
2014-04-28T14:58:03 <jhung> danaayotte: btw Save yourself a local copy. Don\'t rely on my dropbox link. :)
2014-04-28T14:58:26 <colinclark> Wireframes Dropbox no m\xc3\xa1s secretos
2014-04-28T14:59:49 <colinclark> Justin_o: I\xe2\x80\x99m just thinking about being more welcoming to newcomers with Infusion. Some of these little details, especially in demos, will help people know what they should do in their own applications.
2014-04-28T15:00:47 <jhung> colinclark: shhhh. We like working in dark corners.
2014-04-28T15:01:06 <colinclark> \xc2\xa1H\xc3\xa1gase la luz!
2014-04-28T15:01:22 <colinclark> Manuel would be so proud of my Google Translated Spanish right now :P
2014-04-28T15:01:36 <jhung> michelled: are we doing a Gloe planning meeting?
2014-04-28T15:01:43 <jhung> *Floe.
2014-04-28T15:01:44 <jhung> Sheesh
2014-04-28T15:02:13 * michelled_ joined the channel
2014-04-28T15:02:24 <danaayotte> will do jhung
2014-04-28T15:02:47 <michelled_> jhung: yep, it\'s time for the weekly meeting :)
2014-04-28T15:02:50 * yzen has quit
2014-04-28T15:02:54 <michelled_> I\'m think we should do it in connect
2014-04-28T15:03:00 * yzen_ joined the channel
2014-04-28T15:03:09 <jhung> okay\t michelled
2014-04-28T15:03:17 <michelled_> I\'m in the collab room for folks that are here in person - Justin_o, anastasiac, cindyli, danaayotte
2014-04-28T15:04:00 * michelled has quit
2014-04-28T15:04:00 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2014-04-28T15:04:41 <Justin_o> colinclark: makes sense... if you could file a jira for that we can add it to our 1.5 tasks
'

