b'2014-07-11T19:04:42 <Bosmon7> The only thing that suggested to me that something might be treated specially was a comment thread I found from the github developers explaining that "A file with the .md suffix should be processed as standard markdown"
2014-07-11T19:05:01 <Bosmon7> But noticing that my README file was being processed as "some kind of markdown" nonetheless
2014-07-11T19:05:17 <colinclark> oh wow
2014-07-11T19:05:25 <Bosmon7> It doesn\'t seem to make any sense as a design choice
2014-07-11T19:05:56 <Bosmon7> If the ".md" suffix implies "The user has opted into the standard markdown system" it hardly seems reasonable for no suffix to imply that "The user has opted into any kind of markdown system"
2014-07-11T19:06:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i\'d agree with that
2014-07-11T19:08:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon7:  was this on the github site somewhere?
2014-07-11T19:10:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: do you have thoughts on this jira http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-3104
2014-07-11T19:10:24 <Justin_o> i suppose it\'s still partially true since we want to use progressEnhancement with IoC but maybe this already exists and this can be closed.
2014-07-11T19:40:01 <jhung> anastasiac: should I be submitting pull requests to the gh-pages branch or to master?
2014-07-11T19:40:34 <anastasiac> jhung, I\'d say master. Then we can decide when to deploy, independent of updates to master
2014-07-11T19:40:42 <anastasiac> does that sound like a good idea, jhung?
2014-07-11T19:41:16 <jhung> makes sense anastasiac.
2014-07-11T19:41:58 <jhung> anastasiac: submitted a pull request for https://github.com/inclusive-design/outside-in/pull/4
2014-07-11T19:42:06 <anastasiac> thanks, jhung
2014-07-11T19:43:12 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - we could say that FLUID-3104 is a proxy for our general work on "conditional preferences" which is taking place since last month
2014-07-11T19:44:19 <anastasiac> jhung, I\'ve just made a pass over the EPUB docs - wow! That is an amazing resource - well done! I added a comma here and there, but otherwise, it\'s excellent!
2014-07-11T19:44:47 <anastasiac> jhung: http://outside-in.idrc.ocadu.ca/
2014-07-11T19:44:49 <jhung> thanks anastasiac. :)
2014-07-11T19:44:49 <anastasiac> live!
2014-07-11T19:45:06 <jhung> anastasiac: yay!
2014-07-11T19:45:16 <jhung> that was fast
2014-07-11T19:46:44 <anastasiac> say thanks to avtar
2014-07-11T19:51:30 <jessm> fluid-everyone: thanks all, it looks great!
2014-07-11T20:32:39 <colinclark> Bosmon7: It sure is nice to see those Grunt scripts merged in! Thank you for reviewing them
2014-07-11T20:37:31 * anvk has quit
2014-07-11T20:41:27 * jhung has quit
2014-07-11T20:54:12 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-11T20:54:31 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-11T20:55:00 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-11T20:57:08 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-11T21:00:21 * clown has quit
2014-07-11T21:02:13 * anastasiac has quit
2014-07-11T21:19:03 * yzen has quit
2014-07-11T21:31:18 * simonjb has quit
2014-07-11T21:35:52 * Justin_o has quit
2014-07-11T21:59:39 * michelled has quit
2014-07-11T22:09:31 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-11T22:13:40 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-11T22:15:23 <Bosmon7> Cheers, colinclark
2014-07-11T22:15:34 <Bosmon7> Thanks for all of your great work on our governance documents
2014-07-11T22:18:03 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-11T22:30:41 * jessm has quit
2014-07-11T22:56:10 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2014-07-11T22:58:20 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-11T22:58:21 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-11T22:59:22 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-07-11T23:01:24 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-07-11T23:01:49 * Bosmon8 has quit
2014-07-11T23:13:24 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-11T23:13:24 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-11T23:28:35 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-11T23:32:59 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-07-11T23:51:01 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-07-11T23:58:29 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
'

b'2014-07-11T16:26:24 <colinclark> Justin_o: any ideas how we can get as close to the grail as possible?
2014-07-11T16:26:40 <Justin_o> colinclark: hmm..
2014-07-11T16:26:53 <colinclark> So for Infusion developers, we want them to be able to make a change and then trivially test that change in "modules" that depend on it
2014-07-11T16:27:16 <colinclark> i.e. for you to be able to make a change in, say, ProgressiveEnhancement.js, and then very easily see the impact of that change in the Uploader
2014-07-11T16:29:25 <colinclark> I guess one option would be some kind of build script that could create a "live" tree instead of using bower to source dependencies
2014-07-11T16:29:50 <colinclark> so your infusion-all repository, instead of being a thing with a bunch of bower_components in it, would contain real git repos with the dependencies
2014-07-11T16:30:10 <Justin_o> colinclark: oh... more like submodules then?
2014-07-11T16:30:13 <colinclark> but of course we\'ve had a lot of trouble in the past in GPII with the way we try to manually manage multiple repositories
2014-07-11T16:30:27 <colinclark> Justin_o: yeah, except maybe just git repostiories-inside-repositories
2014-07-11T16:30:34 <colinclark> or there are subtrees, but I suspect they\'re not our holy grail
2014-07-11T16:30:38 <colinclark> have you looked at them at all?
2014-07-11T16:32:00 <Justin_o> colinclark: i\'ve tried submodules a bit.. I wasn\'t a huge fan, but that was more for reasons of development across them. It might be less of an issue here... but it still may be annoying to try to keep them all up to date... and not to accidentally push a change into one of them
2014-07-11T16:32:11 <Justin_o> colinclark: but i haven\'t tried them much
2014-07-11T16:32:12 <colinclark> submodules were pretty awful
2014-07-11T16:32:17 <colinclark> subtrees are different
2014-07-11T16:32:21 <colinclark> http://blogs.atlassian.com/2013/05/alternatives-to-git-submodule-git-subtree/
2014-07-11T16:34:29 <Justin_o> colinclark: i\'ll take  look at that now
2014-07-11T16:34:55 <colinclark> anyway, I guess the question of "should we use bower?" needn\'t be directly connected with the larger project of modularlizing
2014-07-11T16:35:04 <colinclark> modularizing
2014-07-11T16:35:22 <colinclark> though I imagine be can both guess that it will help in some ways
2014-07-11T16:35:55 <colinclark> I guess at this point the main question is, if use Bower now to get some (or all) third-party dependencies, will it impact our current build scripts?
2014-07-11T16:37:22 <colinclark> We\'d have to find a new place for the dependency json files?
2014-07-11T16:37:25 <Justin_o> colinclark: i don\'t think so, because we can specify a directory for where bower puts the dependencies... once they are there, the build scripts should be able to interact with them..
2014-07-11T16:38:05 <Justin_o> colinclark: oh wait, that\'s not completely true.. we do use json dependency files for the 3rd party libraries.. so we\'d have to adapt that strategy a bit
2014-07-11T16:38:20 <colinclark> right
2014-07-11T16:38:25 <colinclark> how hard do you think that would be?
2014-07-11T16:39:21 <Justin_o> colinclark: well probably not too hard.. the biggest issue is that the directory for those libraries is sourced relative to the json dependency file.. i suppose we just add another property in the file to say where the directory actually is
2014-07-11T16:39:47 <colinclark> right
2014-07-11T16:44:30 <Justin_o> colinclark: in regards to sub-trees, were you thinking of the infusion-all repo using the subtrees and this being the spot we actually work from? If that\'s the case i think the issue would be around 1) making sure things work independently 2) keeping the code changes between real repos clean (not mixing commits with changes to multiple repos at once) 3) how
2014-07-11T16:44:30 <Justin_o> do we manage bower dependencies (3rd party dependencies)
2014-07-11T16:51:18 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-07-11T16:53:05 * michelled has quit
2014-07-11T16:57:50 <anastasiac> jhung, I\'m preparing to add the outside-in files to github. There are some files in the assets folder that look like they might not need to be committed, like the demo* - is that right? And is there anything else there that doesn\'t need to be in github?
2014-07-11T16:58:34 <anastasiac> jhung, I also wonder if our outside-in font should go into the fonts folder?
2014-07-11T17:00:35 <jhung> anastasiac: yes, feel free to rearrange the location of files. Also the file needs to be renamed to index.html as well.
2014-07-11T17:00:47 <jhung> anastasiac: yes we won\'t need the demo
2014-07-11T17:00:49 <anastasiac> done
2014-07-11T17:01:15 <anastasiac> okley, jhung, thanks. I\'ll probably push this to a branch and ask you to double-check that I didn\'t break anything :-)
2014-07-11T17:02:47 <jhung> alright anastasiac I\'ll check it out.
2014-07-11T17:06:39 * michelled joined the channel
2014-07-11T17:10:08 <anastasiac> jhung: https://github.com/acheetham/outside-in/tree/IDI-127 Could you try a clean checkout and make sure everything works?
2014-07-11T17:12:40 <colinclark> Justin_o: That seems like a pretty good summary of the issues
2014-07-11T17:12:49 <colinclark> and I have few if any answers to those questions :)
2014-07-11T17:13:02 * colinclark has quit
2014-07-11T17:13:51 <jhung> anastasiac: looks good!
2014-07-11T17:14:17 <anastasiac> thanks for checking, jhung. I\'ll check in my fixes now
2014-07-11T17:15:17 <jhung> I filed a blocker anastasiac - IDI-131. I was thinking of using the same ISI-127 to put fixes.
2014-07-11T17:15:43 <anastasiac> jhung, yeah, we should probably work in github now :-)
2014-07-11T17:19:50 <jhung> yes anastasiac. A lot safer. :)
2014-07-11T17:21:08 <anastasiac> jhung, I\'ve committed my fixes and issued a pull request. Are you able to have a look and merge it?
2014-07-11T17:21:21 <anastasiac> not quite perfect yet, but better :-)
2014-07-11T17:21:37 <jhung> anastasiac:  I\'ll take a look at it.
2014-07-11T17:22:15 <anastasiac> thanks, jhung. I could just merge it myself, but we really should have that second set of eyes on it.
2014-07-11T17:22:57 <jhung> anastasiac: sure. :)
2014-07-11T17:28:01 <anastasiac> jhung, the logos on the page are done using font-icons, aren\'t they? Why aren\'t they properly changing colour when the theme is changed? Is it possible the font was created wrong? I notice that the SVG files are in the green...
2014-07-11T17:28:30 <anastasiac> btw, I\'m creating a JIRA for the issue
2014-07-11T17:29:08 <jhung> anastasiac: sounds good. I think we just need to add some theming for the logos. The footer has the same issue.
2014-07-11T17:29:53 <anastasiac> jhung, but the logos are just text, aren\'t they? doesn\'t changing the foreground colour just work? isn\'t that part of the point of font icons?
2014-07-11T17:30:11 <jhung> made a comment anastasiac.
2014-07-11T17:38:08 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2014-07-11T17:44:46 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-07-11T17:44:46 <jhung> If we go with stylus, there\'s a great library called quill that adds a new convenient mixins.
2014-07-11T17:44:46 <jhung> ^Justin_o
2014-07-11T17:45:11 <Justin_o> jhung: do you have a link for that.. i\'m only seeing pens :)
2014-07-11T17:46:46 <jhung> doh, it\'s called nib Justin_o. I knew it has something to do with a quill
2014-07-11T17:47:17 <jhung> anastasiac: do you have some cycles to look into IE issues?
2014-07-11T17:47:37 <anastasiac> jhung, sure - is this for IDI-131?
2014-07-11T17:48:10 <jhung> Yes. idi-131 and idi-130 anastasiac. I\'ll take on IDI-132
2014-07-11T17:48:36 <anastasiac> jhung, 132 might no longer be an issue
2014-07-11T17:48:47 <jhung> let me see\xe2\x80\xa6
2014-07-11T17:48:54 <Justin_o> jhung: ah there we go.. so this is just a set of mixins you can apply to your own stylus files?
2014-07-11T17:50:26 <jhung> essentially Justin_o.
2014-07-11T17:51:16 <Justin_o> jhung: interesting it, seems to have a lot of things that foundation might do
2014-07-11T17:51:21 <anastasiac> jhung, can you also confirm that IDI-131 is no longer reproducable in IE?
2014-07-11T17:52:37 <jhung> anastasiac: Confirmed both IDI-131 and IDI-132 are fixed. great stuff!
2014-07-11T17:52:47 <anastasiac> excellent!
2014-07-11T17:52:50 <jhung> I\'ll close those now
2014-07-11T17:53:05 <anastasiac> jhung, do you have any ideas on the font icon colour issue, IDI-133?
2014-07-11T17:53:13 <anastasiac> it would be nice if it was an easy fix\xe2\x80\xa6 :-)
2014-07-11T17:53:22 <anastasiac> I\'ll look into IDI-130
2014-07-11T17:54:13 <jhung> anastasiac: I\'ll take a look at IDI-133.
2014-07-11T17:54:19 <anastasiac> thanks
2014-07-11T17:56:32 <jhung> anastasiac: I just noticed that foundation\'s css should go into lib. Also we should check file permissions on the files. Justin_o always asks about that. I think we\'re supposed to be using 644 on files (right Justin_o?)
2014-07-11T17:56:56 <anastasiac> jhung, good catch on the css
2014-07-11T17:57:03 <Bosmon7> jhung - yes, permission 644 for all
2014-07-11T17:57:15 <jhung> thanks Bosmon7
2014-07-11T18:01:23 <jhung> anastasiac: I have a fix for the logo colours. It seems that if you set the color value in the :before pseudo element, UIO\'s styling doesn\'t have any effect. But if the color is declared in the element proper, UIO works as expected.
2014-07-11T18:01:46 <jhung> Not sure if that\'s a bug with UIO?
2014-07-11T18:01:56 <anastasiac> odd. well, good catch, jhung.
2014-07-11T18:01:59 <anastasiac> not sure about UIO
2014-07-11T18:02:30 <jhung> Yeah. UIO seems to be doing what it should\xe2\x80\xa6 perhaps some oddity about :before taking precedence over !important? Seems weird.
2014-07-11T18:06:54 <Justin_o> jhung: i sent out an e-mail to the list about css pre-processors as a follow up to my remove fas e-mail. please provide any feedback that might be helpful.
2014-07-11T18:07:09 <anastasiac> jhung, I\'ve issued a pull request with the permissions fix and the foundation CSS file move
2014-07-11T18:07:12 <jhung> sure Justin_o
2014-07-11T18:07:16 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2014-07-11T18:08:14 <jhung> excellent anastasiac. I\'ll take a look at that first before I do any changes. It\'ll likely cause conflicts.
2014-07-11T18:14:37 <jhung> merged anastasiac.
2014-07-11T18:14:51 <anastasiac> thanks, jhung
2014-07-11T18:21:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: can this jira be closed http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-2578
2014-07-11T18:22:01 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - you\'d have to ask the reporter
2014-07-11T18:22:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: okay.. colinclark do you know ^
2014-07-11T18:23:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: how about this one http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-2604
2014-07-11T18:23:35 <Justin_o> and it\'s related issue that sgithens filed
2014-07-11T18:24:10 <Bosmon7> I don\'t think it can really be closed
2014-07-11T18:24:16 <Bosmon7> We haven\'t done much about it
2014-07-11T18:24:19 <anastasiac> jhung, the fonts aren\'t working in IE because they\'re ttf, and IE needs eot. Do we have a preferred conversion technique?
2014-07-11T18:24:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: okay, thanks
2014-07-11T18:25:11 <jhung> anastasiac: we don\'t have the EOT files? Funny because I see styles referencing them in the CSS.
2014-07-11T18:25:55 <anastasiac> jhung, we have eot for the files we created, but not for the downloaded ones
2014-07-11T18:28:13 <jhung> anastasiac: I\'ll have to see if I can track those down.
2014-07-11T18:28:40 <anastasiac> jhung there are converters, I just wondered if you had a favourite before I just pick the first on google finds
2014-07-11T18:29:45 <jhung> Yeah we may have to do that anastasiac. Mensch is not a free font.
2014-07-11T18:29:57 <anastasiac> k, converting...
2014-07-11T18:33:44 <jhung> anastasiac: I\'m wondering once we get that font sorted out, we should start on the gh-pages setup? I\'ll push my changes once it\'s ready. Unfortunately I need to add some custom theming for contrast modes into the css which will take a little longer.
2014-07-11T18:34:00 <anastasiac> yes, jhung, we should get that set up asap
2014-07-11T18:34:45 <jhung> I\'ll shoot an email to avtar giving him a heads up.
2014-07-11T18:38:12 <anastasiac> jhung, pull request issued for EOT fonts
2014-07-11T18:38:31 <jhung> ok anastasiac. I\'ll take a look.
2014-07-11T18:42:37 <jhung> anastasiac: merged
2014-07-11T18:42:48 <anastasiac> great
2014-07-11T18:43:53 <anastasiac> ok, jhung, let me check this with you. I\'ve created a gh-pages branch, added the CNAME file with the URL, and that\'s it? Just push that to upstream?
2014-07-11T18:45:24 <jhung> anastasiac: I\'ve never gone through the process myself anastasiac. Justin_o may know?
2014-07-11T18:49:55 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i think that\'s it.. provided we actually have the domain setup. colinclark would know.
2014-07-11T18:50:20 <Justin_o> anastasiac: https://help.github.com/articles/setting-up-a-custom-domain-with-github-pages
2014-07-11T18:50:29 <anastasiac> ok, avtar is walking toward 205 right now. Do I need to wait, or should I just push? There\'s no danger, is there?
2014-07-11T18:50:58 <Justin_o> anastasiac: um.. i guess it just won\'t work.. i think the github url would still work.
2014-07-11T18:50:58 <anastasiac> the domain is *.idrc.ocadu.ca
2014-07-11T18:51:27 <Justin_o> anastasiac: the think to be careful about is to not push the cname file up to any repo before upstream
2014-07-11T18:51:33 <Justin_o> otherwise that one will claim it
2014-07-11T18:51:47 <anastasiac> ok, I\'ve only pushed it to upstream
2014-07-11T18:52:03 <Justin_o> anastasiac: okay.. i think that should be fine
2014-07-11T18:52:19 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-07-11T18:54:21 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: is this one finished http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-2962
2014-07-11T18:54:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: we use it in gpii on node, so I\'d think so, but is there more to be done?
2014-07-11T18:57:12 <Bosmon7> We can consider this done because "making it ready for the server-side" no longer means "make it threadsafe"
2014-07-11T18:57:35 * jhernand1z has quit
2014-07-11T18:59:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: thanks.. i\'ll close it.. do you know when we fixed this?
2014-07-11T18:59:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i guess i can just mark it as fixed for 1.5, but if you happen to know the revision that would be great too.
2014-07-11T18:59:38 <Bosmon7> You could claim it was fixed when we had a working fluid.js module file
2014-07-11T19:01:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: okay thanks..
2014-07-11T19:01:35 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - this was governed by http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4609
2014-07-11T19:02:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: perfect, thanks
2014-07-11T19:02:34 <Justin_o> i\'ve updated the jira with that info
2014-07-11T19:02:52 <Bosmon7> Thanks, Justin_o
2014-07-11T19:03:05 <Bosmon7> colinclark, Justin_o - here\'s an interesting little tidbit discovery
2014-07-11T19:03:26 <Bosmon7> A file attached to a github repo labelled "README" will be processed as GFM, whereas one named "README.md" will be processed as standard markdown
2014-07-11T19:03:39 <Bosmon7> Where the most crucial differences seems to me to be the processing of linebreaks
2014-07-11T19:03:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: that\'s interesting.. and unexpected
2014-07-11T19:04:05 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - it certainly was to me :)
2014-07-11T19:04:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: do code blocks not work either?
'

b'2014-07-11T00:10:33 * Bosmon8 has quit
2014-07-11T01:28:02 * Bosmon has quit
2014-07-11T01:28:03 * jhernandez has quit
2014-07-11T01:52:09 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-07-11T01:55:18 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-07-11T02:08:42 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-07-11T02:30:18 * jhernandez has quit
2014-07-11T02:53:48 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-11T06:04:38 * yzen has quit
2014-07-11T10:01:28 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-07-11T10:39:39 <jhernandez> Bosmon: ANTVANIG!!!
2014-07-11T10:52:00 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-07-11T12:01:05 * jhung joined the channel
2014-07-11T12:21:18 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-07-11T12:31:37 * Jess_ joined the channel
2014-07-11T12:47:56 * jhernand1z joined the channel
2014-07-11T12:50:13 * jhernandez has quit
2014-07-11T12:55:48 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-07-11T13:06:57 * anvk joined the channel
2014-07-11T13:11:44 * michelled joined the channel
2014-07-11T13:21:08 * yzen joined the channel
2014-07-11T13:35:23 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-07-11T13:51:45 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-07-11T13:56:46 * clown joined the channel
2014-07-11T14:03:07 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-07-11T14:03:33 * Jess_ has quit
2014-07-11T14:11:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: would you be able to review this again today. https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/25
2014-07-11T15:01:26 <anastasiac> jhung, did you see my email question about a domain name for outside-IN?
2014-07-11T15:05:53 <Justin_o> colinclark: I added another comment to the FLUID-5458 pull request. I think it\'s ready for another round of review
2014-07-11T15:06:05 <colinclark> ok
2014-07-11T15:06:08 <colinclark> i\'ll take a look
2014-07-11T15:08:57 <jhung> anastasiac: yes I did and I responded to your email. :)
2014-07-11T15:09:16 <Bosmon7> Justin_o - I\'ll take a look, thanks
2014-07-11T15:09:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: thanks
2014-07-11T15:09:34 <anastasiac> ah, thanks, jhung
2014-07-11T15:09:47 <jhung> We\'re going to use outside-in.idrc.ocadu.ca and have outsidein.idrc.ocadu.ca redirect to it.
2014-07-11T15:17:54 <jhung> anastasiac: I\'m going to look at the site and test it across some browsers to see how it looks. Assuming it looks okay, we should probably push it to a repo and get it deployed.
2014-07-11T15:18:38 <anastasiac> jhung, I\'m playing a bit with the issues dana described, so cut some slack for that
2014-07-11T15:18:51 <anastasiac> jhung, I got the footer fixed
2014-07-11T15:18:56 <anastasiac> I\'m looking at the header now
2014-07-11T15:19:10 <jhung> great.
2014-07-11T15:19:35 <Justin_o> colinclark, jhung: I\'m going to take a look at removing FSS from infusion now. I was looking at http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Fluid+Project+Recommendation+for+Use+of+CSS+Frameworks
2014-07-11T15:20:45 <jhung> anastasiac: I\'m going to file bugs in jira for stuff I find.
2014-07-11T15:20:53 <anastasiac> good call, jhung
2014-07-11T15:21:29 <Justin_o> i have some questions though 1) where should foundation go in the project lib? it will probably be needed by the examples and demos which are siblings to src now. 2) can we use normalize for the components, or is this out of bounds like foundation is?
2014-07-11T15:22:20 <Justin_o> colinclark, jhung: ^
2014-07-11T15:23:43 <colinclark> Justin_o: this is interesting
2014-07-11T15:23:53 <colinclark> So I can superficially try to answer both questions
2014-07-11T15:23:58 <colinclark> but really we should think it through
2014-07-11T15:24:22 <Justin_o> colinclark: cool... maybe we can talk it out here
2014-07-11T15:24:28 <colinclark> #1 Foundation should go in the dependencies section of our new, as-yet-nonexistent bower.json file
2014-07-11T15:24:54 <colinclark> #2 What\'s the potential consequence of using normalize for the components? Can it be scoped only to the components?
2014-07-11T15:27:07 <Justin_o> colinclark: i don\'t think it can be scoped. this is what it looks like https://necolas.github.io/normalize.css/3.0.1/normalize.css
2014-07-11T15:28:20 <Justin_o> colinclark: i believe in infusion 1.4 and 1.5 we included two versions of reset and base. 1) that was globally applied and one that was scoped to an fl-class
2014-07-11T15:28:24 <Justin_o> sorry fl class
2014-07-11T15:28:54 <colinclark> And did we end up basing our FSS reset on normalize, I can\'t remember?
2014-07-11T15:29:41 <Justin_o> colinclark: no our reset and base were taken from YUI
2014-07-11T15:29:51 <colinclark> ah, yes
2014-07-11T15:29:54 <colinclark> I knew it was from somewhere
2014-07-11T15:29:57 <Justin_o> colinclark: also currently we are using the global versions of those files in both the preferences framework and uploader
2014-07-11T15:30:03 <Justin_o> probably elsewhere too
2014-07-11T15:30:15 <colinclark> is there a reason for that?
2014-07-11T15:30:23 <colinclark> and can you elaborate on the risk, if any?
2014-07-11T15:30:33 <Justin_o> colinclark: standup time.. brb
2014-07-11T15:42:33 <Justin_o> colinclark: okay.. so i don\'t know why we were using the global versions from FSS before.. probably because it had been like that prior to adding in the contextual ones.
2014-07-11T15:45:11 <Justin_o> colinclark: I suppose the risks are really just around expectations. Our styles expecting certain "default" styling. If normalize isn\'t included the styles may look off and have to be restyled by an integrator. It normalize is included and the integrator wasn\'t using it before, their styles might be slightly off
2014-07-11T15:46:35 <colinclark> yeah, that seems about right
2014-07-11T15:46:51 <colinclark> to be fair, "slightly off" can usually involve a cascade of changes to fix
2014-07-11T15:47:04 <colinclark> but I think normalization like this is pretty much an all-or-nothing prospect
2014-07-11T15:47:16 <colinclark> despite our efforts to try having constrained versions for reset and base in the past
2014-07-11T15:50:43 <Justin_o> yes.. i\'d agree
2014-07-11T15:52:51 * anastasiac has quit
2014-07-11T15:53:20 <Justin_o> colinclark: I can\'t seem to track down usage statistics for normalize, unfortunately
2014-07-11T15:55:09 <colinclark> It\'s probably fairly ubiquitous
2014-07-11T16:01:39 <Justin_o> colinclark: would you be in favour of using normalize for infusion components?
2014-07-11T16:03:31 <colinclark> I suppose I would, yes
2014-07-11T16:03:47 <colinclark> but I think people who are smarter or more experienced than me should make the decision
2014-07-11T16:06:32 <Justin_o> colinclark: okay.. i\'ll send something to list..
2014-07-11T16:06:43 <Justin_o> colinclark: also in regards to your earlier comment about where foundation goes
2014-07-11T16:06:58 <colinclark> I suspect ultimately you might be the smarter person who decides, Justin_o
2014-07-11T16:06:59 <colinclark> :)
2014-07-11T16:07:01 <Justin_o> have we decided to move over to bower now, and should this be done soon?
2014-07-11T16:07:04 <colinclark> but perhaps others on the list will have ideas
2014-07-11T16:07:17 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks.. :)
2014-07-11T16:07:19 <colinclark> Well, I certainly haven\'t made a proposal to the list about Bower
2014-07-11T16:07:39 <colinclark> but I guess you and I have talked about it in the past a few times
2014-07-11T16:07:49 <colinclark> there are pros and cons to it
2014-07-11T16:08:05 <Justin_o> colinclark: yah.. lots of little details i guess
2014-07-11T16:09:18 <Justin_o> colinclark: i guess most notably what to do with the built versions.
2014-07-11T16:09:22 <colinclark> yes
2014-07-11T16:09:28 <colinclark> hopefully we can separate the two issues
2014-07-11T16:09:34 <colinclark> but I don\'t know
2014-07-11T16:09:38 <colinclark> where the two issues are:
2014-07-11T16:09:46 <colinclark> 1. Using bower to source our third-party dependencies
2014-07-11T16:09:58 <colinclark> and 2. Using bower to publish Infusion as a third-party dependency for others
2014-07-11T16:10:11 <colinclark> #2 I think is increasingly crucial for many users
2014-07-11T16:10:30 <colinclark> Once you start using bower, it becomes inconvenient to have libraries floating around that don\'t
2014-07-11T16:10:50 <colinclark> I still think there is a lot to be said for a fully self-contained repository
2014-07-11T16:11:03 <colinclark> where everything you need is right there, no extra toolchain or build steps required
2014-07-11T16:11:45 <colinclark> one of the advantages I\'ve noticed to the way we handle third party dependencies is that it\'s easier to "scope" them in the file systme
2014-07-11T16:11:46 <colinclark> What I mean by this is exactly the issue you raised
2014-07-11T16:11:59 <colinclark> that our demos have (or will have) a dependency on Foundation
2014-07-11T16:12:28 <colinclark> so in our current layout, it\'s possible to have a "lib" (should be "third-party") directory inside the demos directory
2014-07-11T16:12:40 <colinclark> so you sort of can see the scope of a dependency--all of Infusion doesn\'t require Foundation, but the demos do
2014-07-11T16:12:43 <colinclark> if you see what I mean
2014-07-11T16:12:56 <colinclark> Bower makes this a bit more complicated unless you want to modularize in odd ways
2014-07-11T16:13:16 <Justin_o> colinclark: yep sure.. is there a notion of dev dependencies in bower like npm.. perhaps this is how we can solve that scoping
2014-07-11T16:13:23 <colinclark> yes, there is
2014-07-11T16:13:28 <colinclark> that would be my recommendation in this case
2014-07-11T16:14:43 * jessm joined the channel
2014-07-11T16:14:58 <Justin_o> colinclark: i guess another way would be to make the demos a separate repo ;)
2014-07-11T16:15:08 <colinclark> yes
2014-07-11T16:15:12 <colinclark> I have done this with other projects
2014-07-11T16:15:20 <colinclark> and to be honest, I\'ve noticed that users find it confusing :)
2014-07-11T16:17:21 <Justin_o> colinclark: :) i\'m not completely surprised by that. It is a bit odd.. i\'d rather separate out the components and keep the demos with their related code
2014-07-11T16:17:35 <colinclark> yep
2014-07-11T16:17:39 <colinclark> I would like to do the same
2014-07-11T16:17:51 <colinclark> you and me, Justin_o, should really plan out our modularlization of Infusion
2014-07-11T16:17:54 <colinclark> and make a clear proposal
2014-07-11T16:18:04 <colinclark> since I can imagine there\'s some work we\'ll need to do
2014-07-11T16:18:09 <colinclark> largely in terms of the build scripts
2014-07-11T16:18:28 <colinclark> But it\'ll make #2 above much easier
2014-07-11T16:18:32 <colinclark> publishing Infusion to users
2014-07-11T16:19:40 <colinclark> So Justin_o, for fun, let\'s say that the Infusion 2.0 "vision" is to heavily modularize
2014-07-11T16:19:41 <Justin_o> colinclark: yes exactly.
2014-07-11T16:19:48 <Justin_o> colinclark: okay
2014-07-11T16:19:49 <colinclark> One repo for the core framework
2014-07-11T16:19:55 <colinclark> and one each for every component
2014-07-11T16:20:13 <colinclark> then certainly we\'d have bower and (possibly) npm modules for each repo
2014-07-11T16:20:19 <colinclark> I guess npm really only for the framework
2014-07-11T16:20:37 <colinclark> and then we\'d need some kind of Builder
2014-07-11T16:20:46 <colinclark> presumably not unlike what we\'ve already got with your Grunt scripts
2014-07-11T16:20:51 <colinclark> but that is git repo aware
2014-07-11T16:21:50 <colinclark> or maybe even that isn\'t terribly necessary
2014-07-11T16:22:18 <colinclark> maybe we just have a repository used for testing and validation that represents "all of Infusion" and brings everything in as a Bower dependency
2014-07-11T16:22:26 <colinclark> I\'m not thinking very clearly here :)
2014-07-11T16:22:36 <Justin_o> colinclark: i think the latter would be possible
2014-07-11T16:22:57 <colinclark> So, say you or Bosmon were working on a new framework feature
2014-07-11T16:23:09 <colinclark> the workflow would be fairly awkward in this case
2014-07-11T16:23:31 <colinclark> since you\'d be coding the Infusion repo and then testing in the all-infusion repo
2014-07-11T16:23:45 <colinclark> My impression is that there are better workflows than the one I use with Flocking
2014-07-11T16:23:46 <Justin_o> colinclark:  i think for automated tests and build through jenkins things wouldn\'t be too hard.. but i agree that it would probably not be very convenient for local dev work
2014-07-11T16:23:52 <colinclark> which is nearly intolerable
2014-07-11T16:23:56 <Justin_o> at least i can\'t picture a really convenient solution
2014-07-11T16:24:11 <colinclark> Where I end up continually running "npm install ../flocking"
2014-07-11T16:24:17 <colinclark> in order to test in applications that depend on it
2014-07-11T16:24:30 <colinclark> I guess there may be smoother ways to do with npm and/or Bower
2014-07-11T16:24:57 <colinclark> Somehow we want minimal friction for Infusion developers, yet maximal modularity
2014-07-11T16:26:06 <Justin_o> colinclark: a holy grail
2014-07-11T16:26:11 <colinclark> yeah
'

