b'2014-08-13T18:24:15 <Bosmon> If you can\'t fork it, you will have to go with the "applying emptySubcomponent" route
2014-08-13T18:24:36 <colinclark> "unbound material", can you elaborate?
2014-08-13T18:24:50 <Bosmon> colinclark - IoC references to material which is not actually defined in the grade
2014-08-13T18:25:21 <colinclark> aha, ok
2014-08-13T18:25:38 <colinclark> Luckily in this case I can indeed fork it
2014-08-13T18:26:10 <Bosmon> It\'s an interesting use case to think about, though
2014-08-13T18:26:24 <Bosmon> We don\'t really have very advanced support for removing things, only for accumulating things
2014-08-13T18:27:00 <Bosmon> And typically all of our "facade-building" only goes one way, too
2014-08-13T18:27:12 <Bosmon> That is, to facilitate the creation of facades that can make many things appear as one thing
2014-08-13T18:27:29 <Bosmon> To make a thing originally conceived of as one thing appear as many things seems somewhat harder
2014-08-13T18:27:47 <Bosmon> Could you paste an example of the configuration you\'d want to reuse?
2014-08-13T18:28:49 <colinclark> yup
2014-08-13T18:28:50 <colinclark> one sec
2014-08-13T18:30:41 <colinclark> This is the sprawling top-level component: https://github.com/TheAlphaNerd/Piano/blob/master/js/instrument.js#L19-L256
2014-08-13T18:31:06 <colinclark> Thank goodness for Infusion, otherwise the whole project would be code for this top-level component
2014-08-13T18:31:10 <colinclark> but at least here I should be able to choose
2014-08-13T18:31:40 <colinclark> I want the "piano," "highlighter," and "arpeggiator" components
2014-08-13T18:31:47 <colinclark> Quite possibly the eventBinder, too
2014-08-13T18:31:54 <colinclark> given that this was written back in 2012
2014-08-13T18:32:20 <colinclark> yeah, it looks like I want the event binder too
2014-08-13T18:32:25 <Bosmon> colinclark - fascinating
2014-08-13T18:32:31 <colinclark> which could now be rewritten entirely declaratively
2014-08-13T18:32:34 <colinclark> https://github.com/TheAlphaNerd/Piano/blob/master/js/eventBinder.js
2014-08-13T18:32:41 <Bosmon> I guess there isn\'t a really sound reason for some of the subcomponents to only have some of the events propagated to them?
2014-08-13T18:33:05 <colinclark> I think he propagated the events that the subcomponents were capable of understanding
2014-08-13T18:33:15 <colinclark> I suppose I could just send them all along
2014-08-13T18:33:19 * vjoanna has quit
2014-08-13T18:34:04 <colinclark> The thing about the top-level component is that it does represent "too much dependency"
2014-08-13T18:34:18 <colinclark> in that you can see it has quite a monstrous model, filled with the state of the other components
2014-08-13T18:34:45 <colinclark> but from the perspective of giving a simple interface, I guess this was a sort of all-in-one facade on the component
2014-08-13T18:34:51 <colinclark> subcomponents, I mean
2014-08-13T18:35:20 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-08-13T18:35:36 <Bosmon> Yes
2014-08-13T18:35:45 <Bosmon> this would have been written before we had either model relay, or IoCSS
2014-08-13T18:36:17 <Bosmon> Before we even had default postInitFunctions, before we even abolished them : P
2014-08-13T18:38:39 <colinclark> conceptually abolished them
2014-08-13T18:40:29 <colinclark> Perhaps I\'ll start by just making a grade that distributes the entire model and events to the subcomponents I want
2014-08-13T18:41:09 <colinclark> And when I update the fork, ensure that there\'s some reasonable structure to the model that I can use to "slice it up" to the subcomponents in the future
2014-08-13T18:44:13 <colinclark> It does seem fairly important, Bosmon, to have a means to remove things
2014-08-13T18:44:25 <colinclark> some day
2014-08-13T19:14:16 * slim__ joined the channel
2014-08-13T19:17:38 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-08-13T19:28:34 <Bosmon> Yes
2014-08-13T19:28:41 <Bosmon> We will definitely have better ways to remove things
2014-08-13T19:28:51 <Bosmon> The model pull over the weekend is perhaps one of the first steps to that
2014-08-13T19:32:52 <colinclark> so Doc
2014-08-13T19:33:06 <colinclark> while you were away, I did quite a lot of slicing to the "instrument grade"
2014-08-13T19:33:15 <colinclark> splitting it up into the basic configuration required for all types of "instruments"
2014-08-13T19:33:27 <colinclark> and separate ones for the "grid" and "keyboard" interfaces
2014-08-13T19:33:44 <colinclark> as well as one called "automm.withArpeggiator" so that users can mix in an arpeggiator if they so desire
2014-08-13T19:33:55 <colinclark> I suppose the naming of the latter could be better
2014-08-13T19:35:53 <colinclark> anyway, I\'m wondering about what strategies are available for partitioning out events
2014-08-13T19:36:12 <colinclark> I would, in principle, be happy enough to share the whole boatload of events from the "facade" component
2014-08-13T19:36:25 <colinclark> but I guess I can\'t just make a reference to "{that}.events" and expect a coherent result
2014-08-13T19:36:31 <colinclark> so what are my options, Bosmon?
2014-08-13T19:37:45 <Bosmon> colinclark - so yes, we don\'t currently support exporting wholesale references to categories of configuration - such as "events" or "listeners"
2014-08-13T19:37:49 <Bosmon> This is described by http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5208
2014-08-13T19:37:52 <Bosmon> But this may well be a good thing
2014-08-13T19:38:02 <colinclark> It struck me as incoherent when I tried
2014-08-13T19:38:17 <colinclark> in that it raises questions like "do I want to share onCreate?"
2014-08-13T19:38:22 <Bosmon> Whilst you do have to parcel out the event references one by one, you can share this parcelling operation itself by baking it into a grade
2014-08-13T19:38:23 <colinclark> and other silly things
2014-08-13T19:38:29 <Bosmon> Right, I think it would make a wholesale mess
2014-08-13T19:38:35 <colinclark> I agree
2014-08-13T19:38:51 <Bosmon> This is what we came to refer to as "interactional grades" or "participant grades"
2014-08-13T19:39:03 * slim__ has quit
2014-08-13T19:39:06 <Bosmon> That is, a grade which exists only to mediate interactions amongst other grades which co-appear in a particular relationship
2014-08-13T19:39:49 <Bosmon> So for example, you can make a grade which consists solely of the wiring necessary to embed a "baseInstrument" as a subcomponent in a thing like your overall "instruments" facade
2014-08-13T19:39:57 <Bosmon> Including, for example, the parts which read:
2014-08-13T19:40:00 <Bosmon> events: {
2014-08-13T19:40:11 <Bosmon> onPlay: "{parent}.events.onPlay"
2014-08-13T19:40:11 <Bosmon> etc.
2014-08-13T19:40:26 * slim__ joined the channel
2014-08-13T19:40:31 <Bosmon> This can then be "auto-distributed" down from the facade to all the individuals
2014-08-13T19:40:48 <Bosmon> Say that they all enjoy a grade of "automm.instrument"
2014-08-13T19:41:01 <Bosmon> And you have given this "participant grade" a name of something like "automm.participantInstrument"
2014-08-13T19:41:06 <Bosmon> Then in "instruments" you can write:
2014-08-13T19:41:11 <Bosmon> distributeOptions: {
2014-08-13T19:41:38 <Bosmon> record: {
2014-08-13T19:41:50 <Bosmon> gradeNames: "automm.participantInstrument"
2014-08-13T19:41:53 <Bosmon> },
2014-08-13T19:42:12 <Bosmon> target: "{that automm.instrument}.options"
2014-08-13T19:42:14 <Bosmon> }
2014-08-13T19:42:16 <Bosmon> hey presto
2014-08-13T19:42:22 <Bosmon> "automatic participant grades" : P
2014-08-13T19:42:39 <colinclark> ah yes
2014-08-13T19:42:40 <colinclark> :)
2014-08-13T19:42:51 <colinclark> fuck, refactoring is fun
2014-08-13T19:43:33 <Bosmon> it is now :)
2014-08-13T19:48:01 <Bosmon> simonjb - would you still like to have a chat about killing processes on Windows?
2014-08-13T19:48:30 <simonjb> Bosmon: actually, yes, that would be awesome
2014-08-13T19:49:07 <jhung> anastasiac: The CK-12 content we have chosen has a link to a simulation on this page http://simulations.ck12.org/RelativeVelocity/. Any idea how best to embed this in our HTML markup so we can have it as a copy in our EPUB?
2014-08-13T19:50:26 <simonjb> Bosmon: call me on skype when it works for you?
2014-08-13T19:50:31 <Bosmon> jhung - that would be an iframe, I believe :)
2014-08-13T19:50:56 <Bosmon> The method of choice, for embedding GWT content....
2014-08-13T19:52:19 <jhung> Thanks Bosmon
2014-08-13T19:53:10 <anastasiac> jhung, this is some odd markup. It look slike it\'s using <video> and <canvas> elements inside obsenely nested tables, with iframes used for the script tags\xe2\x80\xa6
2014-08-13T19:53:55 <anastasiac> but it\'s all just html
2014-08-13T19:55:24 <anastasiac> and it\'s not very well designed\xe2\x80\xa6 very confusing...
2014-08-13T19:56:03 <jhung> hmmm.
2014-08-13T19:56:59 <jhung> anastasiac: I\'m going to look to see if we can find an alternative. Looking at Phet now.
2014-08-13T20:00:48 <jhung> anastasiac: This simulation of Phet may be a good alternative. http://phet.colorado.edu/en/simulation/forces-and-motion-basics
2014-08-13T20:01:12 * slim__ has quit
2014-08-13T20:03:59 <anastasiac> jhung, that\'s a good one
2014-08-13T20:04:32 <jhung> We would be able to use the HTML 5 version directly.
2014-08-13T20:08:17 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-08-13T20:12:37 * slim__ joined the channel
2014-08-13T20:24:04 * slim__ has quit
2014-08-13T20:36:54 * anvk has quit
2014-08-13T20:49:31 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-08-13T21:04:47 * yzen has quit
2014-08-13T21:10:09 * michelled has quit
2014-08-13T21:15:59 * Justin_o has quit
2014-08-13T21:27:22 * anastasiac has quit
2014-08-13T21:35:03 * jhung has quit
2014-08-13T21:36:39 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-08-13T21:43:35 * colinclark has quit
2014-08-13T21:47:36 * simonjb has quit
2014-08-13T21:52:03 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T21:54:11 * vjoanna has quit
2014-08-13T21:54:59 * yzen joined the channel
2014-08-13T21:57:12 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-08-13T22:03:38 * yzen has quit
2014-08-13T22:16:00 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-08-13T22:23:06 * vjoanna has quit
2014-08-13T22:27:04 * michelled joined the channel
2014-08-13T23:10:41 * michelled has quit
2014-08-13T23:14:28 * jash4[Tejas] has quit
2014-08-13T23:31:02 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T23:44:32 * michelled joined the channel
2014-08-13T23:44:33 * michelled has quit
'

b'2014-08-13T14:26:33 <colinclark> ok, cool
2014-08-13T14:26:54 <colinclark> sorry to ask twice, simonjb :)
2014-08-13T14:33:16 <colinclark> Bosmon: I can\'t tell if you were able to explain your comments to Justin_o here regarding the pull request
2014-08-13T14:33:40 <colinclark> perhaps you could point out to us what parts of the show/hide component are salient?
2014-08-13T14:34:11 <Bosmon> colinclark - I did actually have to update my npm, it\'s true
2014-08-13T14:34:21 <colinclark> ah, interesting
2014-08-13T14:34:24 <Bosmon> But I think it happened sufficiently long ago that I forgot the timing and the reason for it
2014-08-13T14:43:47 <simonjb> Bosmon: what version of npm are you running with node 0.8.25?
2014-08-13T14:44:07 <Bosmon> simonjb - I have 1.4.20
2014-08-13T14:44:16 <simonjb> cool
2014-08-13T15:11:52 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T15:12:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T15:15:17 * michelled joined the channel
2014-08-13T15:28:38 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T15:29:05 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T15:29:11 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2014-08-13T15:37:08 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T15:37:46 * vjoanna has quit
2014-08-13T15:44:00 * colinclark has quit
2014-08-13T15:46:28 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-08-13T15:50:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T15:51:35 * michelled has quit
2014-08-13T15:52:35 * michelled joined the channel
2014-08-13T16:03:58 * danaayotte has quit
2014-08-13T16:05:25 <michelled> Bosmon, jhernandez, simonjb, slim___: architecture meeting
2014-08-13T16:06:19 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T16:06:29 <slim___> michelled: I\'ve nothing to report but happy to join
2014-08-13T16:06:50 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T16:12:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'m still not quite clear what it is exactly that you want me to do for FLOE-207.  If you could point me at what it is in particular that you\'d like, that should help.
2014-08-13T16:13:51 <slim___> michelled: please remind me of the meeting URL - it\'s not in the calendar :(
2014-08-13T16:14:46 <michelled> https://www3.gotomeeting.com/join/705233502
2014-08-13T16:16:01 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o
2014-08-13T16:16:44 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-08-13T16:17:23 <Bosmon> Yes, you would place flags in the model to govern this
2014-08-13T16:18:43 <Bosmon> Very similar to the structure shown in the videoPlayer file referenced, only you would have areas "isFocused" and "isHovered" (or similar names of your choice) to organise the state
2014-08-13T16:18:55 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/videoPlayer/blob/master/js/VideoPlayer_showHide.js#L26
2014-08-13T16:20:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks for the clarification. Wouldn\'t this add to the code though since we\'d need a model listener for both states and to keep the existing handlers but repurpose them to change the model state?
2014-08-13T16:20:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the listeners would go into this framework
2014-08-13T16:20:57 <Bosmon> And not into the component itself
2014-08-13T16:21:16 <Bosmon> And eventually these would be contributed into the core framework so they would appear just once
2014-08-13T16:22:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. i\'ll try to work something out for that.
2014-08-13T16:22:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cheers - it should be very helpful!
2014-08-13T16:25:12 * jash4[Tejas] joined the channel
2014-08-13T16:29:59 <michelled> Justin_o: you may be interested to see that we are starting to us the assignee feature in github for pull requests in GPII: https://github.com/GPII/universal/pulls
2014-08-13T16:37:17 <Justin_o> michelled: cool.. how is that working so far
2014-08-13T16:37:52 <michelled> I suppose we\'ll see - but it should help when looking at long lists of pull requests
2014-08-13T16:41:34 <slim___> great
2014-08-13T16:45:33 <Justin_o> michelled: that\'s true
2014-08-13T16:47:40 <slim___> Cambridge? UK? When?
2014-08-13T16:57:53 * vjoanna has quit
2014-08-13T16:58:37 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-08-13T17:00:46 * simonjb has quit
2014-08-13T17:04:13 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-08-13T17:05:15 * slim___ has quit
2014-08-13T17:14:11 * vjoanna has quit
2014-08-13T17:15:17 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-08-13T17:20:37 * jhernandez has quit
2014-08-13T17:26:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: for modelListeners how do i listen to something like {isFocused: {icon: true}}
2014-08-13T17:26:52 <Justin_o> where i just want to listen to the state of icon
2014-08-13T17:28:19 <Bosmon> You should listen to the path "isFocused.icon"
2014-08-13T17:28:46 * michelled has quit
2014-08-13T17:30:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how does it distinguish between that being a model path versus a namespace?
2014-08-13T17:31:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we don\'t support namespaces in models - unless you supply custom configuration to the ChangeApplier
2014-08-13T17:31:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what about this https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/overviewPanel/js/OverviewPanel.js#L73-L76
2014-08-13T17:32:02 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2014-08-13T17:32:20 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T17:32:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  but the model there is only showPanel https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/overviewPanel/js/OverviewPanel.js#L73-L76
2014-08-13T17:32:38 <Justin_o> sorry https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/overviewPanel/js/OverviewPanel.js#L70-L72
2014-08-13T17:33:12 <Bosmon> Justin_o - looks like a bug to me
2014-08-13T17:33:27 * anvk joined the channel
2014-08-13T17:33:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: in the modelListeners or the component?
2014-08-13T17:33:45 <Bosmon> A bug in the component, relying on a bug in the ChangeApplier
2014-08-13T17:33:52 <Bosmon> In fact I fixed this bug at the weekend
2014-08-13T17:34:01 <Bosmon> So it\'s probably this component will fail now
2014-08-13T17:34:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :(
2014-08-13T17:34:07 <Justin_o> okay
2014-08-13T17:34:11 <Justin_o> let me see
2014-08-13T17:34:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it seems to work still http://build.fluidproject.org/infusion/demos/overviewPanel/
2014-08-13T17:34:43 <Justin_o> i think
2014-08-13T17:37:09 <Bosmon> Justin_o - looks like the build site has not been updated
2014-08-13T17:37:24 <Bosmon> oh wait
2014-08-13T17:38:43 * vjoanna has quit
2014-08-13T17:38:50 <jhung> anastasiac: I have pushed up my EPUB html content to my repo https://github.com/jhung/EPUB
2014-08-13T17:38:52 <Bosmon> Ah yes
2014-08-13T17:38:59 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it only works because the component is bound to the old applier
2014-08-13T17:39:01 <Bosmon> Which still has the bug
2014-08-13T17:39:10 <anastasiac> thanks, jhung
2014-08-13T17:39:15 <Bosmon> That is, OverviewPanel isn\'t a RelayComponent
2014-08-13T17:39:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: oh i see.. so relayComponents should work like this now
2014-08-13T17:39:32 <Bosmon> If you want namespaces in ModelListeners, you\'ll have to use the long form for a listener record
2014-08-13T17:39:46 <Justin_o> what\'s the long form?
2014-08-13T17:40:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess i\'ll have to update to the latest infusion for the feedback tool too
2014-08-13T17:41:01 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the so-called "namespace" isn\'t having any effect - it is attempting to evaluate a subpath of the boolean "showPanel" and it only reacts to the change because of a framework bug
2014-08-13T17:41:10 <Bosmon> In the old framework, invalidating any path also invalidated any subpaths
2014-08-13T17:41:17 <Bosmon> Regardless of whether there were any changed values there or not
2014-08-13T17:41:42 <Bosmon> This bug was fixed at the weekend, but will only affect users of the new ChangeApplier
2014-08-13T17:43:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it seems there is a hole in our docs
2014-08-13T17:43:59 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/blob/master/InfusionEventSystem.md
2014-08-13T17:44:09 <Bosmon> This page describes a "listener specification" but doesn\'t say what one is
2014-08-13T17:44:58 <Bosmon> And, for example, this page on our old docs site has a broken link to "priorities"
2014-08-13T17:44:59 <Bosmon> http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/Infusion14/Events
2014-08-13T17:45:34 <Bosmon> I guess I\'ll prepare a pull request
2014-08-13T17:45:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s the latest version of that page, but it also has the broken link http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Events
2014-08-13T17:45:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2014-08-13T17:46:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: if i\'m trying to programatically make a model change do i still use that.applier.requestChange(path, value)?
2014-08-13T17:46:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the preferred name for the API is "change" - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/blob/master/ChangeApplierAPI.md
2014-08-13T17:47:01 <Bosmon> But yes, that is how it works
2014-08-13T17:51:16 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-08-13T17:51:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2014-08-13T18:04:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I\'ve made changes to the FLOE-207 branch, I hope things are better now.
2014-08-13T18:04:44 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/33
2014-08-13T18:06:28 * michelled joined the channel
2014-08-13T18:08:15 * michelled has quit
2014-08-13T18:09:03 * michelled joined the channel
2014-08-13T18:15:51 * slim__ joined the channel
2014-08-13T18:16:06 * slim__ has quit
2014-08-13T18:18:22 <colinclark> Hey Bosmon, time for a quick dumbass question or two?
2014-08-13T18:18:37 <Bosmon> colinclark - certainly
2014-08-13T18:18:56 <Bosmon> Although in this world inhabited by SOCKKRATES, it is almost impossible by definition that any question could be dumbass : P
2014-08-13T18:18:57 <colinclark> So I have a rather big top-level component that someone wrote
2014-08-13T18:19:04 <colinclark> which aggregates together lots of subcomponents
2014-08-13T18:19:10 <colinclark> and distributes events to them and the like
2014-08-13T18:19:19 <colinclark> I\'d like to create a "minimal" version of this component
2014-08-13T18:19:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T18:19:47 <colinclark> Can I create a subgrade that somehow ellides these unneeded subcomponents
2014-08-13T18:19:48 <colinclark> ?
2014-08-13T18:21:38 <Bosmon> colinclark - you can just supply "fluid.emptySubcomponent" on top of their principal type name
2014-08-13T18:21:45 <colinclark> ah, that still works :P
2014-08-13T18:21:47 <Bosmon> We haven\'t really revisited this area of the framework since the very earliest days
2014-08-13T18:21:52 <Bosmon> But it should really be improved
2014-08-13T18:21:57 <colinclark> I guess this is a comment entirely out of principle
2014-08-13T18:22:01 <colinclark> but I don\'t even want these subcomponents
2014-08-13T18:22:08 <colinclark> theoretically, they should all be autonomous
2014-08-13T18:22:09 <Bosmon> Yes
2014-08-13T18:22:20 <colinclark> I just want to reuse the configuration in the top-level component for those I do want
2014-08-13T18:22:28 <Bosmon> Fascinating
2014-08-13T18:22:37 <colinclark> since there\'s a lot of boilerplate involving passing events along from parent to child
2014-08-13T18:22:42 <Bosmon> ok
2014-08-13T18:22:52 <Bosmon> You could just factor that boilerplate itself out in a grade
2014-08-13T18:22:53 <Bosmon> into
2014-08-13T18:23:06 <Bosmon> Rather than have to buy into the components only to eliminate them
2014-08-13T18:23:14 <colinclark> ok
2014-08-13T18:23:19 <colinclark> So this is an interesting case of reuse
2014-08-13T18:23:23 <Bosmon> As per my discovery of "participant grades" earlier in the year : P
2014-08-13T18:23:33 <colinclark> So, let\'s play all theoretical-like
2014-08-13T18:23:38 <Bosmon> When I discovered that exactly the thing I had recommended everyone not to do was precisely the thing that we really wanted to do
2014-08-13T18:23:48 <colinclark> Let\'s say that I don\'t actually have a fork of this monster component
2014-08-13T18:23:51 <Bosmon> Which is to create grades with "unbound material"
2014-08-13T18:24:03 <Bosmon> ok
2014-08-13T18:24:06 <colinclark> I guess I really am left with cutting and pasting the configuration that I need from it?
'

b'2014-08-13T00:00:33 * yzen_ has quit
2014-08-13T00:06:36 * jhung joined the channel
2014-08-13T00:30:04 * colinclark has quit
2014-08-13T01:01:55 * jash4[Tejas] has quit
2014-08-13T01:18:51 * yzen joined the channel
2014-08-13T01:30:48 * yzen has quit
2014-08-13T03:21:21 * jhung has quit
2014-08-13T03:23:01 * yzen joined the channel
2014-08-13T07:48:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T07:50:04 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2014-08-13T07:50:04 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T08:08:36 * Bosmon has quit
2014-08-13T08:12:18 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-08-13T08:13:22 * kasparne_ has quit
2014-08-13T08:17:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T08:30:17 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-08-13T09:34:42 * jhernandez has quit
2014-08-13T09:38:45 * amilchev has quit
2014-08-13T09:42:21 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-08-13T09:44:27 * slim__ joined the channel
2014-08-13T10:00:26 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T10:07:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T10:23:55 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T10:30:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T11:06:05 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-08-13T11:11:40 * amilchev has quit
2014-08-13T11:15:50 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-08-13T11:51:57 * yzen has quit
2014-08-13T11:59:40 * kasparnet has quit
2014-08-13T12:04:09 * yzen joined the channel
2014-08-13T12:05:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-08-13T12:08:16 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-08-13T12:11:33 * michelled joined the channel
2014-08-13T12:33:34 * amilchev has quit
2014-08-13T12:36:14 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-08-13T12:40:47 * michelled has quit
2014-08-13T12:41:22 * slim__ has quit
2014-08-13T12:41:29 * slim___ joined the channel
2014-08-13T12:42:59 <slim___> sgithens: ping
2014-08-13T12:44:42 * jhung joined the channel
2014-08-13T12:44:59 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-08-13T12:46:18 * yzen has quit
2014-08-13T12:46:24 * jhung1 joined the channel
2014-08-13T12:49:16 * jhung has quit
2014-08-13T12:52:16 <Justin_o> kasparnet, Bosmon: i tried adding an svg to the gpii wiki. It shows up in the editor but not on the page. Any ideas? http://wiki.gpii.net/w/PrefsEditor_to_prefsServer_communication
2014-08-13T12:52:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: by the way, feel free to edit that page as needed. It is trying to show the requirements from our conversation last week, although by now I\'m not sure I remember all the details.
2014-08-13T13:01:28 <slim___> Justin_o: kasparnet Bosmon: SVG might need to be enabled - https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Manual:Image_Administration#SVG
2014-08-13T13:02:17 <Justin_o> slim___: thanks... kasparnet let me know if you can enable that. If not I can convert the svg to some other type.
2014-08-13T13:03:55 <kasparnet> hi Justin_o: I\'m seeing this on the wiki http://wiki.gpii.net/w/File:PresEditor-prefsServer.svg
2014-08-13T13:04:24 <kasparnet> will check if I can see if it\'s generally disabled, or if it\'s an issue with thumbnail creation
2014-08-13T13:04:37 <Justin_o> kasparnet: thanks
2014-08-13T13:04:41 <kasparnet> but if it\'s not enabled, I dont have perms to do so, as it requires shs access to the server
2014-08-13T13:04:45 <Justin_o> and yes, that\'s the file i want to show
2014-08-13T13:05:00 <Justin_o> kasparnet: ah.. something for avtar?
2014-08-13T13:05:10 <kasparnet> Justin_o: yup
2014-08-13T13:05:28 <Justin_o> kasparnet: hmm.. he\'s away right now.. maybe i should just convert the file to another type
2014-08-13T13:05:53 <kasparnet> Justin_o: so according to this http://wiki.gpii.net/w/Special:Upload it SHOULD be permitted Permitted file types: gif, png, jpg, jpeg, svg, xls, xlsx, doc, docx, ppt, pptx, odt, odp, ods, odg, pdf
2014-08-13T13:05:58 <kasparnet> does it contain javascript?
2014-08-13T13:06:21 <kasparnet> -- I read on slim___\'s link that svgs with js werent allowed
2014-08-13T13:06:48 <Justin_o> kasparnet: it shouldn\'t
2014-08-13T13:06:57 <kasparnet> but I guess it might now work due to an issue with an imagemagick module not loaded (or whatever that err msg said)
2014-08-13T13:07:11 <Justin_o> yes.. seemed like that could be the case
2014-08-13T13:07:40 <kasparnet> Justin_o: so it might be better to convert to png or something - or upload somewhere else and reference with a link
2014-08-13T13:07:50 <kasparnet> sorry for not being more helpful
2014-08-13T13:11:00 * yzen joined the channel
2014-08-13T13:11:07 <Justin_o> kasparnet: no worries.. I\'ve uploaded a png version instead
2014-08-13T13:12:04 <Justin_o> kasparnet: any idea how to delete the old one?
2014-08-13T13:12:45 <Justin_o> i guess i just don\'t have permission
2014-08-13T13:13:11 <kasparnet> Justin_o: should be deleted now
2014-08-13T13:13:18 <Justin_o> kasparnet: thanks
2014-08-13T13:13:53 * slim___ thinks is a shame to not use SVG
2014-08-13T13:14:45 <kasparnet> Justin_o: just bumped your privs as well
2014-08-13T13:14:50 <kasparnet> slim___: +1
2014-08-13T13:15:18 * slim___ I seem to be collecting underscores :)
2014-08-13T13:17:09 <Bosmon> Justin_o , the-t-in-rtf1 - I wanted to mention that michelled merged this pull request yesterday which was prompted by problems that the two of you had using the model listener system last week
2014-08-13T13:17:10 <Bosmon> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/553
2014-08-13T13:17:43 <Bosmon> There is a new annotation "excludeSource: init" which you can now use to avoid the problematic notification when a component starts up
2014-08-13T13:17:52 <Bosmon> There is new documentation to explain the features in this pull request: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs/pull/29
2014-08-13T13:18:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks so much for that
2014-08-13T13:19:40 <Bosmon> This is similar to the "source tracking facility" that we had in the old ChangeApplier but the mechanism is quite different so I thought it was best to use different configuration to express it
2014-08-13T13:21:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the options look reasonable. I have a question about the init source.. if the component itself has a default model value.. (e.g. true or false) will this source still fire a change event if we exclude init?
2014-08-13T13:21:48 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the annotation refers to all changes during initialisation, regardless of the source of the values
2014-08-13T13:22:00 <Bosmon> If you exclude init, you will get no notification during this entire process
2014-08-13T13:22:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay so this "During this change, the listener will observe the value of the model changing from undefined to its consistent initial value, during the overall process of component construction" was just an example of a change
2014-08-13T13:23:10 <Bosmon> Well, it is a description of the entire initialisation process
2014-08-13T13:23:20 <Bosmon> With the new applier, initialisation takes places a single transaction
2014-08-13T13:23:27 <Bosmon> Regardless of how many sources there are for an initial value
2014-08-13T13:33:48 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-08-13T13:44:13 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-08-13T13:46:55 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-08-13T14:00:59 <Bosmon> Hi there simonjb!
2014-08-13T14:01:03 <Bosmon> Sorry I missed you yesterday
2014-08-13T14:01:18 <simonjb> Bosmon: no problem
2014-08-13T14:01:56 <simonjb> Bosmon: I\'m just writing up a response to Christophe on the architecture list with the steps that worked for me for the updated GPII Windows Grunt build
2014-08-13T14:02:09 <Bosmon> simonjb - thanks
2014-08-13T14:02:41 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-08-13T14:02:49 <Bosmon> Do we require more details in the readme?
2014-08-13T14:07:39 <simonjb> Bosmon: I think the readme is reasonable -- there are some hassles with updating the npm version that comes with 0.8.25
2014-08-13T14:07:57 <Bosmon> Oh yes
2014-08-13T14:08:03 <Bosmon> I had forgotten about that
2014-08-13T14:08:12 <Bosmon> Which version does come with 0.8.25?
2014-08-13T14:09:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: could you explain a bit more about what you\'d like to see for this comment you left on the FLOE-207 pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/33#discussion_r16009498
2014-08-13T14:09:50 <sgithens> slim__ san
2014-08-13T14:10:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I\'m not sure I can say much more
2014-08-13T14:10:01 <sgithens> hmm slim___
2014-08-13T14:10:02 <simonjb> Bosmon: 1.2.30
2014-08-13T14:10:08 <Bosmon> "Some sort of declarative configuration" would be nice
2014-08-13T14:10:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: I had misnamed a couple of the namespaces which probably made things seem more similar.. i\'ve fixed that now
2014-08-13T14:10:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: wondering if it is still an issue
2014-08-13T14:10:38 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I was speaking about the handlers bound to focus and blur
2014-08-13T14:10:43 <Bosmon> And their effects
2014-08-13T14:10:49 <slim___> sgithens:
2014-08-13T14:10:55 <slim___> sgithens: ho
2014-08-13T14:11:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. so not about them and the hover handlers?
2014-08-13T14:11:29 <Bosmon> Those too
2014-08-13T14:11:30 <slim___> sgithens: I just wanted to get back to your old Skype message
2014-08-13T14:11:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so they are adding different styles.. does that matter?
2014-08-13T14:11:52 <sgithens> Oh right, I got very close to testing your pull request on gpii/windows in visual studio lsat night
2014-08-13T14:11:57 <sgithens> I hope to try and build it tonight
2014-08-13T14:12:07 <sgithens> did you have anything else you needed to add to the pull?
2014-08-13T14:12:13 <slim___> sgithens: I\'m way behind, but now caught up on emials so back to hacking on the listener
2014-08-13T14:12:15 <sgithens> since it\'s taken us a while to get to it? slim___
2014-08-13T14:12:21 <slim___> no image yet but RSN
2014-08-13T14:15:16 <slim___> sgithens: did you mean *my* pull request? That\'s old and I need to do a new one.
2014-08-13T14:15:32 <slim___> DOun\'t will be usable tonight
2014-08-13T14:16:01 <slim___> sgithens: BUT what do you need? Just NTAG reading? I can priortise that
2014-08-13T14:17:41 <sgithens> slim___: Ok I\'ll hold off on trying it
2014-08-13T14:17:49 <Bosmon> simonjb - thanks for the instructions
2014-08-13T14:17:50 <sgithens> I think NTAG is the current priority
2014-08-13T14:17:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are you saying you\'d like the hover and focus states to be in the model
2014-08-13T14:18:05 <simonjb> Bosmon: reply to Christophe sent; the hassle with npm will go away once we are on node 0.10
2014-08-13T14:18:10 <sgithens> I think some would argue we need the mifare support still, but going forward I think most new stuff will be NTAG
2014-08-13T14:18:16 <Bosmon> What issues did you find with npm 1.4.12?
2014-08-13T14:18:34 <sgithens> slim___ It\'s combined with the USB listener now as well right?
2014-08-13T14:19:02 <slim___> sgithens: I already pulled the USB code
2014-08-13T14:19:42 <slim___> sgithens: good point - MiFair + NTAG and not just NTAG
2014-08-13T14:20:08 <colinclark> simonjb: You make reference to issues with some versions of npm--that you tried with 1.4.12 and it didn\'t work. What specifically didn\'t work?
2014-08-13T14:22:11 <simonjb> Bosmon, colinclark: the spinner was broken in the Windows console -- instead of spinning in place, it started a new line for each update of the spinner; and installs didn\'t finish (quite possibly due to the extra console noise slowing it down -- but I gave it quite a bit of time); I didn\'t investigate further and instead tried an older version
2014-08-13T14:22:21 <colinclark> oh wow
2014-08-13T14:22:22 <colinclark> ok
2014-08-13T14:22:33 <colinclark> So where are we at with Node 0.10.x support, simonjb?
2014-08-13T14:22:46 <colinclark> at what point will this awkwardness all go away?
2014-08-13T14:23:04 <simonjb> colinclark: once we are on 0.10 I think we should be good
2014-08-13T14:23:34 <colinclark> and Bosmon, why didn\'t you encounter these kinds of issues while working with the new Grunt scripts? Just because you\'re running a suitably old version of Node that you never update?
2014-08-13T14:23:42 <simonjb> colinclark: the 0.10 update is blocked by Bosmon\'s stop gap solution for asynchronous settings handlers
2014-08-13T14:23:57 <colinclark> oh yes
2014-08-13T14:23:58 <colinclark> that\'s right
2014-08-13T14:25:29 <slim___> kasparnet: I updated that estimate for you. Soz It was delayed
2014-08-13T14:25:46 <kasparnet> cool, thanks slim___
2014-08-13T14:26:18 <simonjb> Bosmon, colinclark: I\'ll reply to my email with details on the 1.4.12 issues as you both asked and others might like to know
'

