b"2014-10-27T19:01:10 <jhung> I have this and EPUB I want to wrap up.
2014-10-27T19:01:55 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-27T19:03:25 <anastasiac> ok, I have this and EPUB too :-) and your build site pull request. And PGA. And a clinic appointment tomorrow afternoon. Perhaps you could fix the styling, jhung ;-)
2014-10-27T19:04:55 * slim_ has quit
2014-10-27T19:04:55 <jhung> Sure anastasiac. :D
2014-10-27T19:14:44 <anastasiac> jhung, regarding the build site repo structure, in the fonts folder: Would it be correct to say that the two folders (fluid-community and fluid-star) contain the resources that were used to generate the fonts?
2014-10-27T19:33:27 <jhung> yes anastasiac
2014-10-27T19:33:34 <anastasiac> ok, thanks jhung
2014-10-27T19:42:34 <anastasiac> jhung, the build site is looking great! I\xe2\x80\x99ve left some comments on the pull request.
2014-10-27T19:46:36 <jhung> thanks anastasiac. I'll take a look at it later.
2014-10-27T19:47:26 <jhung> anastasiac:  I realized that we don't have a link for Fluid Academic. Currently the only site we have for Fluid Academic is this http://fluidproject.org/projects/fluid-academic/ - which won't exist after the new site is online.
2014-10-27T19:54:53 <anastasiac> hm. Interesting challenge, jhung...
2014-10-27T19:56:23 <anastasiac> this would be a link from the fluidproject.org/projects past projects section\xe2\x80\xa6 hm\xe2\x80\xa6
2014-10-27T19:58:54 <anastasiac> jhung, the textual description of Academic on the fluidproject site is reasonably comprehensive. I wonder if we could convert that paragraph into more of an opening introduction to the past projects section; so get rid of the link, turn it into past tense, and end it with something like \xe2\x80\x9cSince its inception, the Fluid Project has worked on a number of other projects:\xe2\x80\x9d What do you think?
2014-10-27T20:00:31 * heidiv has quit
2014-10-27T20:05:03 <jhung> anastasiac: maybe just remove the link in the Fluid Academic description all together and keep the text the way it is?
2014-10-27T20:05:55 <anastasiac> something link that, yes
2014-10-27T20:06:10 * anastasiac has left the channel
2014-10-27T20:06:37 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-10-27T20:30:38 * cindyli has quit
2014-10-27T20:33:42 * Justin_o has quit
2014-10-27T20:34:01 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-10-27T20:49:20 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-10-27T20:54:02 * jhernandez has quit
2014-10-27T21:00:10 * clown has quit
2014-10-27T21:01:04 * simonjb has quit
2014-10-27T21:08:09 * jessm has quit
2014-10-27T21:17:20 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-10-27T21:18:00 * anastasiac has quit
2014-10-27T21:53:03 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-10-27T22:02:59 * kasparne_ has quit
2014-10-27T22:06:49 * Justin_o has quit
2014-10-27T22:33:09 * yzen has quit
2014-10-27T22:40:18 * jhernand1z joined the channel
2014-10-27T22:43:31 * jhernandez has quit
2014-10-27T23:02:37 * jhung has quit
"

b'2014-10-27T00:40:01 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-10-27T02:32:52 * jhernandez has quit
2014-10-27T07:05:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-27T09:48:44 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-27T10:18:30 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-10-27T10:59:55 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-10-27T11:32:23 * slim_ has quit
2014-10-27T11:32:48 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-10-27T11:33:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-27T11:49:17 * jhernandez has quit
2014-10-27T11:58:12 * jhung joined the channel
2014-10-27T12:27:10 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-10-27T12:38:06 * slim_ has quit
2014-10-27T12:45:21 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-10-27T12:53:00 * michelled joined the channel
2014-10-27T12:55:48 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-10-27T13:04:54 * michelled has quit
2014-10-27T13:08:38 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-27T13:09:55 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-10-27T13:20:07 * heidiv joined the channel
2014-10-27T13:21:33 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-27T13:23:31 * michelled joined the channel
2014-10-27T13:31:46 * michelled has quit
2014-10-27T13:45:35 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-10-27T13:48:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-27T13:53:30 * clown joined the channel
2014-10-27T14:34:40 <Justin_o> kasparnet: I\'ve merged the FLOE-994 pull request with master and pushed up
2014-10-27T14:35:57 <kasparnet> which is FLOE-994?
2014-10-27T14:38:24 <jhung> anastasiac: I am looking over your pull req now.
2014-10-27T14:38:33 <anastasiac> jhung, great, thanks
2014-10-27T14:42:38 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-10-27T15:01:58 <jhung> anastasiac: btw, I have submitted a pull for the build site.
2014-10-27T15:02:25 <anastasiac> yes, I saw that, jhung, I\xe2\x80\x99m hoping to have a look at it today.
2014-10-27T15:02:33 <jhung> great thanks.
2014-10-27T15:10:55 <amilchev> hey Justin_o
2014-10-27T15:11:13 <amilchev> what is the best way for a prefsEditor to re-render itself?
2014-10-27T15:11:53 <Justin_o> amilchev: hmm.. not sure off the top of my head, but i can try to look into it.. what is the reason for the rerendering?
2014-10-27T15:12:20 <amilchev> Justin_o: well the whole thing is this
2014-10-27T15:12:44 * slim_ has quit
2014-10-27T15:14:06 <amilchev> the pcp could be rendererd with first set of adjusters
2014-10-27T15:14:26 <amilchev> then the user might not be satisfied and ask for something else the MM to suggest
2014-10-27T15:14:45 <amilchev> and the pcp could be urged to show different set of adjuters
2014-10-27T15:15:04 <amilchev> also, we might want to first render the pcp with NO adjusters, just the empty frame, but being able to show messages
2014-10-27T15:15:11 <amilchev> e.g. "logging in..."
2014-10-27T15:16:11 <amilchev> which brings the question: could we render a prefsEditor with no adjusters? Like the aux schema would only tell templates and messages, but no adjuster entries
2014-10-27T15:17:04 <amilchev> is it possible that the pcp is initially rendered with no adjusters, but the prefsEditor component event listeners to be there (so that message could be shown) and on another call, let\'s say 2 seconds later, pcp to receive adjusters to show and .. show them :)
2014-10-27T15:17:08 <amilchev> Justin_o: ^
2014-10-27T15:17:40 <amilchev> is this possible somehow, or how do you think we could achieve sth similar..
2014-10-27T15:18:12 * Bosmon joined the channel
2014-10-27T15:28:55 * danaayotte has quit
2014-10-27T15:37:38 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-27T15:44:30 <Justin_o> amilchev: sorry.. i was in a couple of meetings.. i\'ll try to look at this now
2014-10-27T15:45:01 <amilchev> Justin_o: no worries, whenever you have the time
2014-10-27T15:45:30 <Justin_o> amilchev:  have you talked to dana about this intereaction?
2014-10-27T15:45:33 <amilchev> Justin_o: sorry if asking too vast question
2014-10-27T15:45:42 <Justin_o> amilchev: it\'s okay.. no problem
2014-10-27T15:46:07 <amilchev> Justin_o: no, i\'ve talked with kasper about the need to be able to do this
2014-10-27T15:46:42 <Justin_o> amilchev: i think you should loop dana in to make sure that the interactions are suitable from a design point
2014-10-27T15:47:31 <Justin_o> amilchev: i\'ll look into the technical aspects of it though in the meantime
2014-10-27T15:47:42 <amilchev> Justin_o: yeah.. thanks
2014-10-27T15:48:56 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-10-27T15:50:12 * jessm joined the channel
2014-10-27T15:53:00 <Justin_o> amilchev: from your explanation above, it sounds like the prefsEditor will be supplied with different auxiliary schemas. Is that correct?
2014-10-27T15:53:23 <amilchev> Justin_o: yes, the aux schema is dynamic
2014-10-27T15:53:34 <amilchev> so to speak.. it is constructed according to the payload received
2014-10-27T15:56:06 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-27T15:56:31 <Justin_o> amilchev: could you explain that part for me a bit
2014-10-27T15:56:40 <Justin_o> just trying to get an idea of what sort of process we are looking at
2014-10-27T15:56:48 <amilchev> Justin_o: ok
2014-10-27T15:58:40 <cindyli> Justin_o: your comment for my metadata pull request has been addressed and pushed up
2014-10-27T15:58:50 <cindyli> ready for another look
2014-10-27T15:59:49 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks i\'ll take another look at that
2014-10-27T16:00:03 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2014-10-27T16:00:32 <amilchev> Justin_o: so I guess you remember building up the auxiliary schema by grade merging
2014-10-27T16:01:07 <amilchev> the pcp receives some terms to show with their values
2014-10-27T16:01:37 <amilchev> and uses them to update the primary schema with these values and merge only the needed grades for the aux schema
2014-10-27T16:01:58 <amilchev> then just the fluid.prefs.create is called with the schemas passed
2014-10-27T16:02:38 <amilchev> so I want to be able to to this multiple times
2014-10-27T16:03:12 <amilchev> i can supply you with some links if you need..
2014-10-27T16:08:20 <Justin_o> amilchev: i think i get the idea..
2014-10-27T16:08:29 <Justin_o> amilchev: but you don\'t want to call fluid.prefs.create multiple times
2014-10-27T16:08:35 <Justin_o> ?
2014-10-27T16:09:10 <amilchev> Justin_o: no, I\'m not looking for a way to avoid it
2014-10-27T16:09:21 <amilchev> just asking how would you do the rerendering
2014-10-27T16:09:26 <amilchev> is there a good way for this
2014-10-27T16:09:37 <amilchev> other than deleting the whole html for example
2014-10-27T16:11:17 <Justin_o> amilchev: if you are running fluid.prefs.create again, i think you\'d be creating a whole new component. so you\'d have to reset the DOM. I don\'t think you\'d need to manually remove the DOM as the initial rendering process of the component should take care of this.
2014-10-27T16:11:48 <Justin_o> but you might need to destroy the original prefsEditor first
2014-10-27T16:13:23 <amilchev> Justin_o: btw I need to go now, perhaps we could talk about this on tomorrow\'s telco
2014-10-27T16:13:28 <amilchev> thx & bye
2014-10-27T16:13:53 <Justin_o> amilchev, there might be a clever way where we could "update" the underlying prefsEditor and enactors and rerender, but that would only probably work well for cases where we get more prefseditors, removing any could be a problem.
2014-10-27T16:13:58 <Justin_o> amilchev: sure, thanks
2014-10-27T16:41:06 * simonjb has quit
2014-10-27T16:46:46 * anastasiac has quit
2014-10-27T17:01:28 <Justin_o> cindyli: i merged your FLOE-211 pull request
2014-10-27T17:01:31 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-10-27T17:01:48 <cindyli> yay! thanks, Justin_o
2014-10-27T17:02:50 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-10-27T17:03:46 * slim_ joined the channel
2014-10-27T17:12:13 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-27T17:20:46 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-10-27T17:24:09 * yzen has quit
2014-10-27T17:30:09 <Justin_o> jhung: i left you comments on your FLUID-5516 pull
2014-10-27T17:30:29 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-10-27T17:30:39 <jhung> Thanks Justin_o
2014-10-27T17:31:22 * danaayotte_ has quit
2014-10-27T17:40:50 <Justin_o> cindyli: how are things going on the mobile front. Is there something i can help out with?
2014-10-27T17:43:29 <cindyli> Justin_o: i\'m working on FLUID-5532, the stylus is in place. it looks good on a small browser window. just trying to test it out on a real mobile
2014-10-27T17:44:39 <Justin_o> cindyli: cool, how is that going. you were saying you were having a problem at standup but i didn\'t catch what the issue was
2014-10-27T17:47:06 <cindyli> Justin_o: i was using my cell phone for it. even i can both laptop and phone connecting to "ocadu", my phone still cannot connect to the ip of my laptop. then i figure perhaps to do that, I need to use the office internal "harrow" network. however, my phone doesn\'t find that network at all.
2014-10-27T17:47:44 <cindyli> now i\'m charging the iphone that we used for testing, that phone sees "harrow24" at least
2014-10-27T17:48:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: that ones closed you have to get avtar to add your phones mac address
2014-10-27T17:48:33 <Justin_o> is he there today?
2014-10-27T17:48:52 <Justin_o> oh no.. i think he\'s not back till tomorrow
2014-10-27T17:49:10 <Justin_o> cindyli: i guess you could also try to share the internet from your macbook and see if that works. I\'m not sure if it will or not
2014-10-27T17:49:14 <Justin_o> i don\'t know how it sets up the routing
2014-10-27T18:04:12 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2014-10-27T18:17:59 <cindyli> Justin_o, anastasiac, enabling internet sharing on my laptop works. now all these phones can connect to my laptop. cheers. :)
2014-10-27T18:18:10 <anastasiac> excellent
2014-10-27T18:20:25 <Justin_o> :) great
2014-10-27T18:29:31 <simonjb> hey sgithens___ I\'d like to put together a toy oauth2 client implementation for my own understanding of oauth2 -- I know you have done a lot of work here and I\'d like to get some advice -- did you integrate with GitHub? did you write in Node and if so did you use a library? thanks!
2014-10-27T18:43:37 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-27T18:43:37 * kasparnet has quit
2014-10-27T18:43:44 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-10-27T18:44:26 <sgithens___> simonjb: Hey!
2014-10-27T18:44:28 <sgithens___> Yeah!
2014-10-27T18:44:41 <sgithens___> I might have to send you the stuff later today
2014-10-27T18:44:44 <sgithens___> but yes and yes
2014-10-27T18:44:49 <sgithens___> it\'s written in node
2014-10-27T18:44:58 <sgithens___> and I\'m using github to test
2014-10-27T18:45:13 <simonjb> awesome
2014-10-27T18:45:25 <simonjb> which oauth library did you use?
2014-10-27T18:45:43 <simonjb> there seem to be quite a few for node
2014-10-27T18:45:56 <simonjb> https://www.npmjs.org/search?q=oauth
2014-10-27T18:49:56 <sgithens___> simonjb https://github.com/sgithens/universal/blob/GPII-434-oauth-spike/package.json
2014-10-27T18:50:24 <simonjb> sgithens___: great, thanks! I\'ll take a look at your code
2014-10-27T18:50:32 <sgithens___> How was the call today?
2014-10-27T18:51:30 <sgithens___> The code sort of works... it required pulling in changes from multiple branches of antranig and kasparNET, I\'ll try to get it working again with the consolidated "branch" this week
2014-10-27T18:51:38 <sgithens___> and hopefully finish up the account json creation
2014-10-27T18:51:49 <simonjb> sgithens___: it was good -- we explored the UIO use case http://piratepad.net/c4a-security-27-10-2014
2014-10-27T18:51:55 <sgithens___> awesome
2014-10-27T18:53:59 <simonjb> sgithens___: how did you select \'node-oauth\' over the other options rather than say \'oauth\'?
2014-10-27T18:54:04 * yzen joined the channel
2014-10-27T18:55:06 <jhung> anastasiac: your pull request looks good. There are some styling fixes that need to be done. I will merge and fix those bugs.
2014-10-27T18:55:29 <anastasiac> oh, thanks jhung. What needs fixing?
2014-10-27T18:58:07 <jhung> a few things anastasiac. i.e. the focus styling of links in the "showcase" items on Projects page doesn\'t look right. Project name for past projects should match the other lists, drop shadows visible when in contrast mode, etc.
2014-10-27T18:58:36 <anastasiac> oh, ok, good catch, thanks. I can fix those, if you\xe2\x80\x99d prefer...
2014-10-27T18:58:38 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2014-10-27T18:59:00 <jhung> I can summarize in an email or document in the jira? What is your time like anastasiac?
2014-10-27T18:59:46 <anastasiac> time is getting better, jhung. How is your time?
'

