b'2014-05-07T21:05:31 <colinclark> as well as tests
2014-05-07T21:05:32 <Bosmon> The call to self-disconnect could dispatch to the listener sychronously
2014-05-07T21:05:37 <colinclark> and quite likely doens\xe2\x80\x99t work
2014-05-07T21:05:39 <Bosmon> Which means that the call to delete is never observed
2014-05-07T21:05:42 <colinclark> yes
2014-05-07T21:05:47 <colinclark> that was my impression of it
2014-05-07T21:05:56 <Bosmon> ok
2014-05-07T21:06:02 <Bosmon> I am very slow this afternoon
2014-05-07T21:06:39 <colinclark> i don\xe2\x80\x99t think it\xe2\x80\x99s slowness
2014-05-07T21:06:41 <Bosmon> Sorry to interrupt your summary
2014-05-07T21:06:43 <colinclark> it\xe2\x80\x99s really bizarre code
2014-05-07T21:06:48 <colinclark> anyway, i think that was it
2014-05-07T21:07:10 <colinclark> we have reason to doubt that the underlying update feature actually works properly
2014-05-07T21:07:16 <Bosmon> It might actually be that the update functionality needs implementing
2014-05-07T21:07:20 <Bosmon> Rather than merely refactoring : P
2014-05-07T21:07:27 <colinclark> :)
2014-05-07T21:07:31 <colinclark> ok
2014-05-07T21:07:38 <colinclark> Alex has observed its inaction
2014-05-07T21:07:43 <colinclark> we have observed a lack of tests
2014-05-07T21:07:45 <Bosmon> MASTERLY INACTION!
2014-05-07T21:07:53 <colinclark> that\xe2\x80\x99s a good a definition of \xe2\x80\x9cnot implemented\xe2\x80\x9d as one can expect :)
2014-05-07T21:07:53 <Bosmon> The true province of the CIVIL SERVICE
2014-05-07T21:08:59 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-05-07T21:12:59 <colinclark> hey it\xe2\x80\x99s late night kasparnet
2014-05-07T21:13:07 <kasparnet> colinclark: it is
2014-05-07T21:13:14 <colinclark> hey Bosmon, did you and the-t-in-rtf talk at all about Express 4?
2014-05-07T21:13:22 <colinclark> is it something we should consider upgrading to?
2014-05-07T21:13:28 <Bosmon> We didn\'t talk yet
2014-05-07T21:13:31 <colinclark> my impression was that it would be a fairly large undertaking
2014-05-07T21:13:36 <kasparnet> just writing the email to Bosmon about the snapshotter issue, then heading to bed
2014-05-07T21:13:38 <Bosmon> Although I have a call scheduled with him at 1am
2014-05-07T21:13:42 <colinclark> cool
2014-05-07T21:13:50 <colinclark> Seems like we should probably do it
2014-05-07T21:13:59 <Bosmon> It would be a huge upgrade, yes
2014-05-07T21:14:04 <Bosmon> Especially since it seems that connect is gone
2014-05-07T21:14:05 <anastasiac> Bosmon, using the new model relay components, can I share a model value that\'s an array?
2014-05-07T21:14:10 <Bosmon> And we have quite a body of code which depends on that
2014-05-07T21:14:12 <Bosmon> anastasiac, yes
2014-05-07T21:14:44 <anastasiac> hm
2014-05-07T21:15:27 <colinclark> yeah, connect is gone and they\xe2\x80\x99ve removed all the built-in middleware
2014-05-07T21:15:57 <colinclark> all the built-in \xe2\x80\x9cconfigure\xe2\x80\x9d stuff as well
2014-05-07T21:15:57 <Bosmon> The https://github.com/visionmedia/express/wiki/New-features-in-4.x is a little skinny
2014-05-07T21:16:05 <Bosmon> What was the feature that atkins thought we might want?
2014-05-07T21:16:09 <colinclark> which everything in GPII depends upon
2014-05-07T21:16:24 <colinclark> I don\xe2\x80\x99t know that -t- said much more than \xe2\x80\x9cmake my development easier"
2014-05-07T21:16:34 <Bosmon> I see
2014-05-07T21:16:40 <Bosmon> We might "put it on the long finger"
2014-05-07T21:16:46 <colinclark> I\xe2\x80\x99m reading this http://scotch.io/bar-talk/expressjs-4-0-new-features-and-upgrading-from-3-0
2014-05-07T21:16:55 <Bosmon> Considering I don\'t imagine he\'s even using Kettle presently?
2014-05-07T21:17:48 <colinclark> no, he\xe2\x80\x99s not
2014-05-07T21:17:55 <colinclark> he refused to use anything without documentation :)
2014-05-07T21:18:05 <Bosmon> A reasonable approach
2014-05-07T21:18:19 <Bosmon> Well, he can certainly use whatever version of express he finds convenient
2014-05-07T21:18:27 <Bosmon> It\'ll be a long time before we can afford the engineering cycles to update Kettle
2014-05-07T21:18:38 <Bosmon> Although perhaps we can update when.js for kasparnet a bit sooner
2014-05-07T21:18:46 <colinclark> poor kettle
2014-05-07T21:18:58 <colinclark> i agree, for the record
2014-05-07T21:21:08 * michelled has quit
2014-05-07T21:24:03 * yzen has quit
2014-05-07T21:29:39 <kasparnet> hi Bosmon - I\'ve sent a mail with the snapshotter issue
2014-05-07T21:29:49 <kasparnet> http://lists.gpii.net/pipermail/architecture/2014-May/002202.html
2014-05-07T21:30:20 <kasparnet> I probably haven\'t explained things very clearly - but that\'s partly cause I\'m confused as to why things are exploding
2014-05-07T21:30:30 <kasparnet> but hopefully there\'s enough for you to reproduce the error
2014-05-07T21:30:42 <kasparnet> :)
2014-05-07T21:56:41 * anastasiac has quit
2014-05-07T22:03:16 * kasparnet has quit
2014-05-07T22:17:51 * danaayotte has quit
2014-05-07T22:25:37 * Justin_o has quit
2014-05-07T22:39:56 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-07T22:51:28 * jessm has quit
'

b'2014-05-07T17:27:04 <Justin_o> jhung: are you making a change to the star button in this pull request too?
2014-05-07T17:27:58 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m not sure. It\'s a lot less obvious issue than the overlapping text. I think most people won\'t notice it. I just won\'t show it to vjoanna. :P
2014-05-07T17:29:15 <Justin_o> jhung: good luck with that
2014-05-07T17:29:18 <jhung> The only time you really notice it is when you switch contrast themes. Because the preferences panel doesn\'t adopt the contrast theme until it is closed and opened again, you can see the overlap clearly. But once you close and open again, the problem is hard to see.
2014-05-07T17:29:49 <Justin_o> jhung: if you have a quick fix for it, you might just want to do that now
2014-05-07T17:30:50 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'ll spend a few minutes poking around. If it doesn\'t look quick or easy, I\'ll file a jira.
2014-05-07T17:31:51 <Justin_o> jhung: sounds good... let me know what you decide on, i\'ll hold off code reviewing till then
2014-05-07T17:32:09 <jhung> ok Justin_o
2014-05-07T17:33:30 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-07T17:34:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon: could you please review this pull request for me https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/513
2014-05-07T17:34:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'ll need it to work on FLUID-5335
2014-05-07T17:35:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also, i think i found an issue with fastXmlPull.js http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5364
2014-05-07T17:36:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - for pull 513 - should we be using flc- prefixed class names for this case?
2014-05-07T17:36:59 <Bosmon> or rather, shouldn\'t we
2014-05-07T17:37:11 <Justin_o> you mean for the columnDefs?
2014-05-07T17:37:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2014-05-07T17:37:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - for the class names that you replaced the rsf ids with
2014-05-07T17:38:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: for the ones that don\'t have flc- in front, they were only for the demos and tests and not for the component itself.. i can change them to have demo or something in front if that\'s prefered
2014-05-07T17:39:17 <Bosmon> I guess we should have at least some prefix
2014-05-07T17:39:31 <Bosmon> Do we have a best practices guide for CSS classnames somewhere?
2014-05-07T17:41:33 * michelled has quit
2014-05-07T17:41:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: just for the components i think
2014-05-07T17:42:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Class+Name+Conventions
2014-05-07T17:42:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - could you expand the description of FLUID-5364 a little to explain the context you ran into the problem?
2014-05-07T17:42:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sure
2014-05-07T17:43:27 <Bosmon> I guess the file is a bit of a strange mixture
2014-05-07T17:43:42 <Bosmon> I see more than half a dozen uses of the that._setErr style
2014-05-07T17:43:43 <Bosmon> Which is odd
2014-05-07T17:44:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i added a bit more to the jira
2014-05-07T17:44:18 <Bosmon> I guess "somebody" must have been refactoring the file once and just lost track of their work.....
2014-05-07T17:45:02 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) could be.. those things happen
2014-05-07T17:45:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-05-07T17:46:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I see that your 513 pull request removes the sakai site setting demo
2014-05-07T17:46:34 <Bosmon> Unfortunately it will have to be put back since it is still the only demo for various crucial functionality of the pager
2014-05-07T17:48:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: really :(
2014-05-07T17:48:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: what about this demo http://build.fluidproject.org/infusionsrc/standalone-demos/pager/html/pager.html
2014-05-07T17:48:39 <Justin_o> can it be deleted?
2014-05-07T17:48:57 <Bosmon> Justin_o - both demos are essential
2014-05-07T17:49:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. do you know what is essential about each of them.. we should probably keep track of it, so that we will know when they can be removed.
2014-05-07T17:49:57 <Bosmon> I could probably reconstruct it, given time : P
2014-05-07T17:50:12 <Bosmon> The standalone demo tests the "markup-driven" mode of the pager
2014-05-07T17:50:32 <Bosmon> The Sakai demo tests various crucial things such as the rangeAnnotator, and the pager\'s handling of its initial model, and a few other things
2014-05-07T17:51:24 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. i\'ll restore it.. and leave the other in place.. and add a namespace to the demo and test classes.. anything else need addressing for that pull?
2014-05-07T17:51:43 <Bosmon> Unfortunately the Pager is one of these kinds of "twilight components" that we just barely have enough resources to maintain at all
2014-05-07T17:52:02 <Bosmon> So I doubt it is ever going to receive much more attention unless it suddenly becomes essential for one of our funded projects
2014-05-07T17:52:30 <Bosmon> But we should try to stop it degrading below the condition it already has : P
2014-05-07T17:53:03 <Justin_o> :) makes sense
2014-05-07T18:00:10 * clown_mtg is now known as clown
2014-05-07T18:02:21 <jhung> Justin_o: I updated pull request #496. I\'m fixing pull request #505 now because of a conflict with new changes.
2014-05-07T18:08:25 <Justin_o> jhung: great thanks
2014-05-07T18:08:36 <jhung> Justin_o: hold on. found a problem.
2014-05-07T18:08:37 <jhung> lol
2014-05-07T18:08:41 <jhung> give me a sec. :)
2014-05-07T18:09:03 <Justin_o> jhung: sure, i probably won\'t have time to look at it again today anyways.. community meeting is starting soon
2014-05-07T18:09:13 <jhung> ok thanks Justin_o
2014-05-07T18:27:06 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-07T18:31:24 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: please let me know if you\'d like to join the community meeting remotely, we\'ll be going to the colab room locally..
2014-05-07T18:31:35 <Justin_o> today\'s community meeting will be a sprint on Infusion 1.5 doc tasks
2014-05-07T18:31:55 * michelled has quit
2014-05-07T18:34:06 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-07T18:34:54 * anastasiac has quit
2014-05-07T18:36:06 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-05-07T18:37:18 * cindyli has quit
2014-05-07T18:37:33 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-05-07T18:40:35 * michelled_ joined the channel
2014-05-07T18:40:53 * michelled has quit
2014-05-07T18:40:53 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2014-05-07T18:57:59 * anastasiac has quit
2014-05-07T19:09:36 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-05-07T19:09:58 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o
2014-05-07T19:10:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2014-05-07T19:10:08 <Bosmon> Sorry to be so late - can I be dialed in?
2014-05-07T19:10:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sure
2014-05-07T19:13:53 <cindyli> fluid-everyone: The document of how to convert a documentation page to markdown: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/How+to+convert+a+documentation+page+to+markdown
2014-05-07T19:13:57 <cindyli> feel free to modify it
2014-05-07T19:14:16 <michelled> thanks cindyli
2014-05-07T19:15:44 * yzen has quit
2014-05-07T19:29:30 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-07T19:47:15 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2014-05-07T20:11:53 * anastasiac has quit
2014-05-07T20:12:46 * jhung has quit
2014-05-07T20:13:26 * cindyli has quit
2014-05-07T20:13:50 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-05-07T20:13:55 * michelled has quit
2014-05-07T20:16:04 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-07T20:20:18 <colinclark> hey Justin_o
2014-05-07T20:20:19 <colinclark> quick question for you
2014-05-07T20:20:39 <colinclark> Do you know the etymology of the gpii.applySettings() function that Alex pointed to in his very detailed email to the list?
2014-05-07T20:20:50 <colinclark> where did it come from?
2014-05-07T20:21:58 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-05-07T20:26:35 <colinclark> Never mind, Justin_o, Github\xe2\x80\x99s great \xe2\x80\x9cblame\xe2\x80\x9d UI to the rescue :)
2014-05-07T20:31:18 <colinclark> hey Bosmon
2014-05-07T20:31:30 <Bosmon> Hi colinclark
2014-05-07T20:31:56 <colinclark> Reading between the lines, I\xe2\x80\x99m guessing Alex is probably saying in his email that nothing ultimately happens
2014-05-07T20:32:05 <colinclark> at the system level
2014-05-07T20:32:13 <colinclark> when he calls this applySettings function
2014-05-07T20:32:27 <colinclark> by sheer luck, this code marginally works it looks like
2014-05-07T20:32:40 <colinclark> and then, perhaps, something in here doesn\xe2\x80\x99t work
2014-05-07T20:32:41 <colinclark> https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/flowManager/src/UserUpdate.js#L88-L102
2014-05-07T20:33:11 <colinclark> But it looks like it is doing what it should
2014-05-07T20:35:16 * cindyli has quit
2014-05-07T20:37:18 * anvk has quit
2014-05-07T20:53:00 <Bosmon> The relevant implementation that this finally hits is at https://github.com/GPII/universal/blob/master/gpii/node_modules/lifecycleManager/src/LifecycleManager.js#L285
2014-05-07T20:53:20 <Bosmon> And so some of alex\' issues are doubtless caused by which "active solutions" have been marked as "dynamic" or not
2014-05-07T20:53:25 <Bosmon> But the flow in this method seems unclear
2014-05-07T20:57:11 <colinclark> I also can\xe2\x80\x99t find a place where solutions are actually marked as \xe2\x80\x9cdynamic\xe2\x80\x9d
2014-05-07T20:57:21 <colinclark> you\xe2\x80\x99d think it would be in the solutions registry
2014-05-07T20:57:37 <Bosmon> Looking at UpdateTests.js, I don\'t see that the functionality that alex is investigating is actually tested
2014-05-07T20:57:51 <colinclark> hey michelled
2014-05-07T20:57:52 <Bosmon> The tests seem to only check that the relevant preferences are updated
2014-05-07T20:57:54 <colinclark> sup fish
2014-05-07T20:58:06 <Bosmon> Which is all he says he seems to observe happening
2014-05-07T20:58:13 <colinclark> cool
2014-05-07T20:58:18 <colinclark> so it\xe2\x80\x99s working as expected, right?
2014-05-07T20:58:19 <colinclark> :P
2014-05-07T20:58:23 <Bosmon> quite
2014-05-07T20:59:19 <colinclark> michelled can probably clarify where this lands on the, as kasparnet would say, panic scale
2014-05-07T20:59:29 <colinclark> My impression is that the PCP is no longer being tested as part of the pilots
2014-05-07T20:59:31 <Bosmon> "It merely pleases me to behave in a certain way to what appears to be a cat"
2014-05-07T20:59:45 <colinclark> in large part because it\xe2\x80\x99s not very different from the PMT
2014-05-07T21:00:04 <colinclark> But I think the heart of its essential difference from the PMT is exactly this feature
2014-05-07T21:00:54 <colinclark> my impression is that it\xe2\x80\x99s in the realm of things we can consider actually getting right
2014-05-07T21:01:06 <colinclark> rather than just desperately trying to patch for the pilots
2014-05-07T21:01:18 <Bosmon> Yes
2014-05-07T21:01:26 <Bosmon> Including having some tests and documentation for the feature in question
2014-05-07T21:01:27 <colinclark> and my sense has been, for a while, that this whole aspect of the Flow Manager needs to be carefully reconsidered
2014-05-07T21:01:38 <colinclark> all the way down to the base implemenation of web sockets support in Kettle
2014-05-07T21:02:16 <michelled> you are right that it\'s not being testing in pilots, which I think makes it a *perfect* candidate for doing right :)
2014-05-07T21:02:17 <colinclark> you know
2014-05-07T21:02:17 <Bosmon> Thanks michelled
2014-05-07T21:02:17 <colinclark> i guess it\xe2\x80\x99s hard for me sort out these things
2014-05-07T21:02:17 <colinclark> but I really want to work on this
2014-05-07T21:02:17 <Bosmon> I now feel about 15% less desperate : P
2014-05-07T21:02:17 <colinclark> lol
2014-05-07T21:02:29 <colinclark> 15% is a pretty good optimization rate, michelled
2014-05-07T21:02:34 <Bosmon> Yes
2014-05-07T21:02:40 <Bosmon> You only need to double that in order to get a PhD : P
2014-05-07T21:02:55 <Bosmon> As my supervisor legendarily once explained to me .....
2014-05-07T21:03:19 <colinclark> Let\xe2\x80\x99s see what we can do
2014-05-07T21:03:34 <colinclark> But in a magical universe, this is high on my to do list
2014-05-07T21:03:43 <Bosmon> Perhaps 15% would be enough for a Master\'s : P
2014-05-07T21:03:54 <colinclark> :)
2014-05-07T21:04:11 <colinclark> Ok, so to summarize
2014-05-07T21:04:27 <colinclark> the gpii.applySettings function is observably buggy
2014-05-07T21:04:31 <colinclark> as well as poorly-written
2014-05-07T21:04:42 <colinclark> we need to be clear about what the lifetime of our socket is
2014-05-07T21:04:52 <colinclark> how long it should remain open, and who/when can it be broken
2014-05-07T21:05:04 <colinclark> and so on
2014-05-07T21:05:17 <Bosmon> Ah, I think I suddenly understand how the infinite recursion may arise
2014-05-07T21:05:28 <colinclark> secondly, the implementation of the update functionality in the lifecycle manager is also in need of refactoring
'

b'2014-05-07T00:43:33 * jhung joined the channel
2014-05-07T00:43:56 * jhung has quit
2014-05-07T00:52:10 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-05-07T01:10:27 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-05-07T01:45:43 * danaayotte has quit
2014-05-07T02:31:41 * colinclark has quit
2014-05-07T02:40:11 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-05-07T03:14:19 * colinclark has quit
2014-05-07T03:24:32 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-07T06:27:18 * yzen has quit
2014-05-07T09:55:59 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-05-07T10:07:58 * amilchev joined the channel
2014-05-07T11:11:34 * jhung joined the channel
2014-05-07T12:07:24 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-07T12:13:09 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-05-07T12:13:26 <Justin_o> jhung: good morning. did you see the comment i left on your pull request?
2014-05-07T12:14:01 <simonjb> good morning Justin_o: is there a community meeting this afternoon?
2014-05-07T12:14:30 <jhung> Yes Justin_o. It\'s IE8 only? I can check w IE11 too
2014-05-07T12:15:00 <Justin_o> simonjb: there probably will be, although there isn\'t a topic yet. It will probably be used for something related to the 1.5 release
2014-05-07T12:15:21 <Justin_o> jhung: i think it was any IE
2014-05-07T12:15:53 <simonjb> Justin_o: ok, thanks, just figuring out the rest of my day and if it is worthwhile for me to join (it will be 8:30pm for me)
2014-05-07T12:15:58 <Justin_o> jhung: i\'m assuming it has to do with it rendering the text a bit larger, but not sure exactly.
2014-05-07T12:16:16 <Justin_o> simonjb: that\'s getting late, don\'t feel required to come
2014-05-07T12:17:13 <simonjb> Justin_o: let\'s see how the day goes and what the meeting is going to be on
2014-05-07T12:17:21 <Justin_o> simonjb: okay.. sounds good
2014-05-07T12:17:27 <simonjb> thanks Justin_o
2014-05-07T12:17:52 <Justin_o> simonjb: by the way, i have a question for you and the Doc team. I mentioned it to Anastasia yesterday too.
2014-05-07T12:18:01 <simonjb> yep
2014-05-07T12:18:16 <Justin_o> simonjb: what should be done with the attachments (e.g. images, and etc.) when we convert a page from the wiki to markdown?
2014-05-07T12:19:28 <simonjb> Justin_o: for images, we should be able to continue to re-use and add to github -- are you concerned about git\'s handling of binaries?
2014-05-07T12:19:38 <Justin_o> simonjb: yes, exactly
2014-05-07T12:20:43 <simonjb> ah, ok -- that\'s not something I have a really good handle on -- what are the recommendations for git and binaries? none at all or is there some size threshold?
2014-05-07T12:24:30 <simonjb> Justin_o: I can see the advantages of having diagrams and such version controlled with the containing page
2014-05-07T12:25:22 <simonjb> Justin_o: do you have pointers to good discussions on binary handling in git? or any personal advice/experience?
2014-05-07T12:26:31 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-05-07T12:35:21 <Justin_o> simonjb: i\'m trying to find a good article to describe it. A summary of my thoughts ahead of time is that it\'s best to avoid committing binaries where possible. Especially for things that will change. The reason being that they don\'t leave the repo ever. This means that the repo size could easily bloat, making it harder to maintain (as it will take up more
2014-05-07T12:35:21 <Justin_o> space and download time for everyone), our github account isn\'t unlimited, and it could effect the performance of git itself.
2014-05-07T12:39:29 * jhung has quit
2014-05-07T12:43:29 <Justin_o> simonjb: here\'s an article about it, but it\'s not very detailed http://robinwinslow.co.uk/2013/06/11/dont-ever-commit-binary-files-to-git/
2014-05-07T12:43:34 <Justin_o> i\'ll see if i can find anything better
2014-05-07T12:43:50 <simonjb> Justin_o: thanks, I\'ll do some looking also
2014-05-07T12:45:52 * anvk joined the channel
2014-05-07T12:46:05 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-05-07T12:46:06 <simonjb> Justin_o: for the interim, before we have a solution for attachments, I am thinking that we can reference the files via URL from Markdown to the wiki -- that is, use the files from the wiki for now
2014-05-07T12:46:45 <Justin_o> simonjb: seems reasonable.. i suppose avtar might have some thoughts on how to handle this as well, so we should probably get some input from him.
2014-05-07T12:46:56 <simonjb> Justin_o: agreed
2014-05-07T12:47:31 <Justin_o> simonjb: this sound interesting.. wish it was public http://opensourcedays.org/2013/content/binary-file-handling-git
2014-05-07T12:48:22 <simonjb> Justin_o: interesting
2014-05-07T13:07:57 <amilchev> hey Justin_o, about your comment on the pull request for gpiiStore unit tests - you say one of gpiiSession\'s tests is broken after last changes. Could you please check again? They\'re all fine when I try it.
2014-05-07T13:09:18 <Justin_o> amilchev: sure, i\'ll try that one out again
2014-05-07T13:09:26 <amilchev> thx
2014-05-07T13:12:20 <Justin_o> simonjb: there are a couple of add ons to git for working with large binaries. However, I don\'t think they are the way to go for our use case of wanting anyone to be able to contribute to our docs. http://git-annex.branchable.com and https://github.com/bup/bup
2014-05-07T13:14:42 <Justin_o> simonjb: there may also be something with can do with http://git-scm.com/book/en/Customizing-Git-Git-Attributes but i\'m not exactly sure yet, and it probably won\'t address the issue of storing many large files in the repo.
2014-05-07T13:18:13 * jessm joined the channel
2014-05-07T13:20:50 <simonjb> Justin_o: thanks, I\'ve also been having a look at some of the addons; another suggestion seems to be to use a submodule for binaries -- I think the idea being that one can drop the history of just that submodule, if needs be, without affecting the main source
2014-05-07T13:22:00 <simonjb> Justin_o: a submodule will introduce more friction to the process however
2014-05-07T13:22:07 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-07T13:23:01 <Justin_o> simonjb: yes, that\'s true
2014-05-07T13:23:03 <simonjb> Justin_o: do we have a handle on the size of our issue? how many images or other attachments do we currently have? I\'m imagining that they aren\'t likely to change that often
2014-05-07T13:24:19 <Justin_o> simonjb: i\'m not sure how many we have, i just came to the issue when i looked at this page http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Understanding+Infusion+Components
2014-05-07T13:26:30 <Justin_o> simonjb: for how often they will change, that\'s hard to know. if we take the example from the page i just linked to, would we change these when the designs of the components change? would we pick different components that may be better representations? I don\'t have any legitimate answers for those questio
2014-05-07T13:26:33 <Justin_o> questions
2014-05-07T13:26:58 <Justin_o> i guess they will be case by case, and will depend on how Infusion evolves over time
2014-05-07T13:27:10 <simonjb> yes, you are right
2014-05-07T13:28:40 <simonjb> Justin_o: let\'s reference attachments in the wiki for now while we think through our options
2014-05-07T13:29:09 <Justin_o> simonjb: that seems reasonable and probably the safest way to start out
2014-05-07T13:30:08 <Justin_o> simonjb: we have been talking about getting a digital asset management system for the designers.. if we had that, it "may" help us here too.. but I don\'t think we\'ve been successful yet in finding one that works for us.. would you happen to have any experience with such things?
2014-05-07T13:33:25 <simonjb> Justin_o: no, unfortunately not -- except in the games industry, where Perforce is pretty much the standard -- but that is just a commercial centralised version control system that is good at handling large projects and files
2014-05-07T13:39:44 <Justin_o> simonjb: ah okay... interestingly there were some articles i came across that used a hybrid system with perforce and git... and it seems that perforce offers no-cost licences for open source http://www.perforce.com/purchase/perforce-open-source-faq
2014-05-07T13:43:29 <Justin_o> amilchev: sorry about the delay there, i was updating my vm\'s os. You are right though, the tests are all passing.
2014-05-07T13:43:55 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-05-07T13:44:23 <amilchev> Justin_o: no problem, nice to hear that..
2014-05-07T13:47:27 <Justin_o> amilchev: i left a small comment about adjusting the formatting of the objects in gpiiStoreTestst.js
2014-05-07T13:48:47 <amilchev> Justin_o: yeah, just saw it, thx
2014-05-07T13:50:33 <simonjb> Justin_o: mixing version control systems is definitely one of our options, using perforce or svn for binaries
2014-05-07T13:51:24 <simonjb> Justin_o: how far did we get with a digital asset management for designers?
2014-05-07T13:52:32 <Justin_o> simonjb: i can\'t quite remember. This is probably another thing to bring up with avtar and/or colinclark. We were trying to look at some open source options I think.
2014-05-07T13:52:54 <colinclark> We really didn\xe2\x80\x99t get very far at all
2014-05-07T13:53:04 <simonjb> ok
2014-05-07T13:57:36 <Justin_o> colinclark: wondering if you have an update on the status of FLUID-5353/FLUID-5354
2014-05-07T13:57:49 <colinclark> I don\xe2\x80\x99t, no
2014-05-07T13:58:00 <colinclark> I\xe2\x80\x99ve got a few bigger fishes to fry at the moment, Justin_o
2014-05-07T13:58:14 <colinclark> but I\xe2\x80\x99ll let you know where I can get to later today
2014-05-07T13:58:31 <Justin_o> colinclark: okay
2014-05-07T13:58:33 <Justin_o> thanks
2014-05-07T14:17:12 * colinclark has quit
2014-05-07T14:17:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-05-07T14:17:48 * colinclark has quit
2014-05-07T14:19:41 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-05-07T14:22:57 * michelled has quit
2014-05-07T14:29:47 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-05-07T14:35:56 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-07T15:06:06 * yzen has quit
2014-05-07T15:06:30 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-07T15:13:03 * michelled joined the channel
2014-05-07T15:14:55 <Justin_o> anastasiac, simonjb, michelled, Bosmon: for today\'s community meeting we can use the time to sprint on the Infusion Doc work
2014-05-07T15:15:31 <anastasiac> Justin_o, sounds like a good idea
2014-05-07T15:16:57 * clown joined the channel
2014-05-07T15:41:40 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-05-07T15:42:34 <colinclark> anastasiac: I just got an email about this tutorial: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Tutorial+-+User+Interface+Options#Tutorial-UserInterfaceOptions-Setup%3ADownloadandinstalltheInfusionlibrary
2014-05-07T15:42:50 <colinclark> It appears to be incorrect
2014-05-07T15:43:13 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-07T15:43:25 <colinclark> \xe2\x80\x9c But when I download the file, I get a JavaScript file called Gruntfile.js.  Is this the same thing?\xe2\x80\x9d
2014-05-07T15:46:29 * jhung joined the channel
2014-05-07T15:48:23 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-05-07T15:50:09 <anastasiac> colinclark, thanks for the heads-up, I\'ll look into it and fix it up
2014-05-07T15:50:40 <anastasiac> yeah, those instructions are from before we started using Grunt
2014-05-07T15:50:46 * anastasiac has left the channel
2014-05-07T15:50:54 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-05-07T15:55:18 <Justin_o> amilchev: not sure if you saw, but i had left another comment about using fluid.transform on your pull request
2014-05-07T16:04:28 <clown> jhernandez, Bosmon:  good day.  Arch meeting, if you are around.
2014-05-07T16:24:14 <Justin_o> colinclark: i\'m starting to look at the changes the designers recommended for uploader regarding the now defunct summary attribute http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5335?focusedCommentId=24536&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-24536
2014-05-07T16:25:18 * vjoanna has quit
2014-05-07T16:25:35 <Justin_o> colinclark: do you remember why this https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/uploader/js/Uploader.js#L124-L137 copies the text from one element to put into a hidden one that has the log role, rather than just putting the log role on the initial element?
2014-05-07T16:25:48 <colinclark> I\xe2\x80\x99m in a call
2014-05-07T16:25:53 <colinclark> but I\xe2\x80\x99ll try to respond when I can
2014-05-07T16:25:59 <Justin_o> colinclark: thanks
2014-05-07T16:30:42 * vjoanna joined the channel
2014-05-07T16:30:44 * yzen has quit
2014-05-07T16:34:58 <colinclark> Justin_o: In answer to your question, it\xe2\x80\x99s sort of impossible to know
2014-05-07T16:35:08 <colinclark> I can\xe2\x80\x99t remember any motivations
2014-05-07T16:35:40 <Justin_o> colinclark: it\'s been a long time
2014-05-07T16:35:52 <colinclark> and there are still many aspects of the Uploader that are either influenced by its rough, hard-knock childhood on the streets of Berkeley\xe2\x80\xa6
2014-05-07T16:36:10 <colinclark> it had to grow up too fast, too tough
2014-05-07T16:36:13 <colinclark> just like Eminem
2014-05-07T16:36:14 <Justin_o> colinclark: do you see any reason i shouldn\'t just remove this extra element?
2014-05-07T16:36:15 <Justin_o> :)
2014-05-07T16:36:28 <colinclark> And other motivations involve the horror that was SWFUpload
2014-05-07T16:36:52 <colinclark> you take a poor kid and introduce a bad influence
2014-05-07T16:36:55 <colinclark> and terrible things can happen
2014-05-07T16:37:12 <colinclark> I don\xe2\x80\x99t see any immediate reason why you can\xe2\x80\x99t just remove it
2014-05-07T16:37:27 <colinclark> you may find that there is a reason once you try to do it :)
2014-05-07T16:37:34 <colinclark> but I can\xe2\x80\x99t anticipate exactly what it would be
2014-05-07T16:38:41 <Justin_o> colinclark: :) cool.. well hopefully this poor kid won\'t fight back too much
2014-05-07T16:38:59 <colinclark> never give up hope
2014-05-07T16:39:07 <colinclark> :)
2014-05-07T16:53:13 * yzen joined the channel
2014-05-07T16:58:17 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-05-07T17:07:36 * simonjb has quit
2014-05-07T17:20:25 <jhung> Justin_o: I have fixed that issue you found with the feedback link overlapping the text. It actually occurs on all browsers, just some show it more clearly than others.
2014-05-07T17:21:19 <Justin_o> jhung: ah interesting.. okay.. i\'ll try it out again, thanks for the fix
2014-05-07T17:21:21 <jhung> Justin_o: however the "issue" here is that emphasize links increases font size by 125% which wreaks havoc on fixed sized containers.
2014-05-07T17:21:23 * yzen has quit
2014-05-07T17:22:09 <Justin_o> jhung: yah.. that would make sense.. what did you do to fix it?
2014-05-07T17:22:11 <jhung> Justin_o: for instance the star button is also a link. When you turn on emphasize links, the star increases in size, but the container stays fixed. So the star actually overlaps its borders.
2014-05-07T17:23:03 * danaayotte has quit
2014-05-07T17:23:23 <jhung> Justin_o: My solution is to not have emphasize links increase font size by 125%. From a web designer\'s view, it\'s not a fun thing to deal with.
2014-05-07T17:24:23 <jhung> Justin_o: what I had to do was increase the size of the containers to accommodate the maximum size of the text. It\'s not really solving the problem - just makes the problem not be visible.
2014-05-07T17:24:38 <jhung> I suspect this is what I\'ll need to do with the star button as well Justin_o
2014-05-07T17:25:01 * danaayotte joined the channel
'

