b"2014-11-17T19:27:05 * jhung has quit
2014-11-17T19:27:36 * jhung joined the channel
2014-11-17T19:31:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-11-17T19:56:02 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-11-17T20:13:53 * clown_mtg is now known as clown
2014-11-17T20:39:34 * jessm has quit
2014-11-17T20:44:45 <avtar> Bosmon: ping
2014-11-17T20:46:31 * kasparnet has quit
2014-11-17T20:54:31 * heidiv has quit
2014-11-17T21:00:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-11-17T21:33:00 * cindyli1 has quit
2014-11-17T21:38:32 * anvk has quit
2014-11-17T21:42:54 * jhung has quit
2014-11-17T21:46:12 * lliskovoi has quit
2014-11-17T21:49:27 * colinclark has quit
2014-11-17T21:52:20 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-11-17T21:52:21 * colinclark has quit
2014-11-17T21:55:01 * anastasiac has quit
2014-11-17T22:09:49 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-11-17T22:10:36 <avtar> Bosmon7: ping
2014-11-17T22:10:50 <Bosmon7> AVVTTAR!
2014-11-17T22:10:51 <Bosmon7> Hi there
2014-11-17T22:10:56 <avtar> how are you?
2014-11-17T22:11:12 <Bosmon7> I am reasonably well!
2014-11-17T22:11:15 <Bosmon7> And you, Sir?
2014-11-17T22:11:32 <avtar> i'm alright
2014-11-17T22:11:48 <avtar> i had two somewhat quick questions for you
2014-11-17T22:11:53 * yzen has quit
2014-11-17T22:11:59 <avtar> actually, one is quick the other maybe not
2014-11-17T22:12:42 <Bosmon7> ok
2014-11-17T22:12:55 <Bosmon7> The merely difficult we do instantly
2014-11-17T22:13:01 <avtar> what's the merging roadmap looking like for the gpii-windows node 0.10.* changes?
2014-11-17T22:13:05 <Bosmon7> The impossible might take a little while
2014-11-17T22:13:28 <Bosmon7> avtar - it's looking close - if you want it merged in you will have to bother colinclark since his review is on the critical path :)
2014-11-17T22:13:43 <Bosmon7> I think it can go in essentially whenever he is done
2014-11-17T22:13:55 <avtar> ok i'll ping him regarding that
2014-11-17T22:13:56 <Bosmon7> In the meantime you can use kasparnet's GPII-891 branch or my GPII-434 branch
2014-11-17T22:14:11 <Bosmon7> kasparnet - I've updated my GPII-434 branch lightly to improve the commenting and logging
2014-11-17T22:14:37 * simonjb has quit
2014-11-17T22:14:44 <Bosmon7> avtar - you can feel free to use my GPII-434 branches of universal, windows and linux if you need to set up some checkouts in the meantime
2014-11-17T22:17:48 <Bosmon7> avtar - did you have a FURTHER QUESTION!
2014-11-17T22:18:55 <avtar> yes but regarding unofficial branches i think i'll wait until the changes are ready
2014-11-17T22:19:26 <avtar> this is so the automated tests are online somewhere so if it's just a matter of a day or two then i'll harass colinbdclark
2014-11-17T22:19:50 <avtar> the other question:
2014-11-17T22:20:11 <avtar> let's say a windows vm is created with a gpii-test account
2014-11-17T22:21:37 <avtar> the vm is booted on a dev machine to ensure the test account works before the disk image is packaged up and uploaded to the cluster where it will live with jenkins
2014-11-17T22:22:43 <avtar> that means the environment being used for tests isn't as new as a user booting up windows for the first time but new enough that we're not making any real changes
2014-11-17T22:23:01 <avtar> how much of an impact will that have on test results?
2014-11-17T22:23:26 <Bosmon7> avtar - I think that will be fine in general
2014-11-17T22:23:40 <Bosmon7> The kinds of issues we are most concerned about are the kinds of things applications do when they are first started
2014-11-17T22:24:06 <Bosmon7> I wouldn't say we're totally uninterested in what windows itself does when an account is freshly created, but it's likely of lesser interest
2014-11-17T22:24:25 <Bosmon7> avtar - could you not take a clone of the VM at the point BEFORE you boot it on the dev machine to test it out?
2014-11-17T22:24:45 <Bosmon7> And assuming it checks out fine, you could then go with the previous snapshot
2014-11-17T22:26:23 <avtar> the issue is that i could boot up the vm and have windows go through the fairly io intensive process of logging in a new user for the first time so that the next time the user auto logs in it will be more responsive
2014-11-17T22:26:56 <avtar> doing that on a machine at the office with ssd storage is faster than doing it on a vm running on the cluster
2014-11-17T22:27:11 <Bosmon7> ok, I see
2014-11-17T22:27:22 <Bosmon7> That's fine, then
2014-11-17T22:28:03 <Bosmon7> We're very far from the stage where the GPII could operate for a user with a freshly created account in any case
2014-11-17T22:28:10 <Bosmon7> Since we plan to only deliver user-mode software
2014-11-17T22:28:17 <Bosmon7> For the forseeable future
2014-11-17T22:30:48 <avtar> yes i figured computers that have seen previous use will probably have states far more altered than what a windows first login yields
2014-11-17T22:36:55 * Justin_o has quit
2014-11-17T22:41:12 * danaayotte has quit
2014-11-17T22:44:00 * clown has quit
2014-11-17T23:37:06 * kasparnet has quit
2014-11-17T23:38:00 * Bosmon8 joined the channel
2014-11-17T23:39:57 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-11-17T23:46:41 * Bosmon8 has quit
2014-11-17T23:49:34 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
"

b'2014-11-17T02:38:35 * jhernandez has quit
2014-11-17T07:20:54 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2014-11-17T09:50:37 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-11-17T10:46:31 <jhernandez> Bosmon: morning GENTLEMAN!!!
2014-11-17T10:53:31 <jhernandez> I\'m about to start adding changes to our android\'s "mini-fireball" branch, it still needs some more work but is almost done
2014-11-17T10:56:17 <jhernandez> the only thing is that I would like to put it on top of https://github.com/GPII/android/pull/23 and avoid merge conflicts when reviewing it
2014-11-17T10:57:50 <jhernandez> shall I issue my pull request by having pull/23 already merged in?
2014-11-17T11:01:20 <jhernandez> in the same way, I\'d like the pull/23 to include both pull/22 and pull/17
2014-11-17T11:26:20 * slim_jim joined the channel
2014-11-17T11:26:44 <slim_jim> sgithens____: ping
2014-11-17T11:30:02 <Bosmon> jhernandez - yes, we can review it all at once
2014-11-17T11:42:12 <jhernandez> Bosmon: oops, just read this (after sending my question to the arch list)
2014-11-17T11:44:58 <jhernandez> thanks anyway! that\'ll speed up the review process :)
2014-11-17T12:43:04 * jhung joined the channel
2014-11-17T13:42:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-11-17T13:45:01 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2014-11-17T13:45:51 * anvk joined the channel
2014-11-17T13:46:32 * cindyli has quit
2014-11-17T13:58:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-11-17T14:00:24 <slim_jim> colinclark: ping
2014-11-17T14:00:32 <colinclark> hello
2014-11-17T14:01:16 <slim_jim> Were are we discussing the [real] security work? I have a few thoughts. Architecture list for now?
2014-11-17T14:02:27 <slim_jim> colinclark: ^^
2014-11-17T14:02:45 <colinclark> Sure
2014-11-17T14:02:51 <colinclark> What are your thoughts?
2014-11-17T14:03:20 <colinclark> We are meeting for our weekly security chat now if you\'d prefer to try out your thoughts on a live audience :)
2014-11-17T14:05:05 <slim_jim> haha - great timing. OK you guys are probably good, though I did wonder if email might be wider. Nest to ask you 1st. which channel?
2014-11-17T14:05:30 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-11-17T14:06:34 <colinclark> Room 1, slim_jim
2014-11-17T14:07:05 <slim_jim> colinclark: heading over now
2014-11-17T14:07:47 <jhung> Justin_o: did you have a chance to upload the EPUB to the CDN?
2014-11-17T14:08:08 <Justin_o> jhung: yes.. i put a link to it on the jira
2014-11-17T14:09:50 <jhung> Thanks Justin_o.
2014-11-17T14:12:08 * jessm joined the channel
2014-11-17T14:49:09 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-11-17T14:52:26 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-11-17T15:15:07 * danaayotte has quit
2014-11-17T15:24:04 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-11-17T15:26:14 * danaayotte has quit
2014-11-17T15:26:20 * avtar joined the channel
2014-11-17T15:29:41 * lliskovoi joined the channel
2014-11-17T15:40:31 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-11-17T15:44:50 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-11-17T15:54:09 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-11-17T15:56:26 <Justin_o> jhung, cindyli1, anastasiac: floe meeting at 11
2014-11-17T15:56:35 <Justin_o> is there anyone else who usually joins that?
2014-11-17T15:57:48 <cindyli1> Justin_o: michelle ;)
2014-11-17T15:58:02 <Justin_o> cindyli1: thanks :) she\'s away today..
2014-11-17T16:01:41 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2014-11-17T16:03:37 * anastasiac has quit
2014-11-17T16:03:37 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2014-11-17T16:15:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-11-17T16:29:04 * anastasiac has quit
2014-11-17T16:29:05 * danaayotte has quit
2014-11-17T16:46:45 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-11-17T16:48:21 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-11-17T16:48:56 <Bosmon7> Hi there cindyli1, Justin_o - sorry to miss you on Friday
2014-11-17T16:49:04 <Bosmon7> You said you\'d been having difficulties with some destroyed components?
2014-11-17T16:49:39 <Justin_o> Bosmon7: i think we got that part sorted out but there may be a new issue with circular references
2014-11-17T16:50:24 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-11-17T16:50:32 <cindyli1> Bosmon7: that happens in unit tests for a GPII adjuster component. let me clean up the code a bit and push up. one sec..
2014-11-17T16:50:42 * slim_jim has quit
2014-11-17T16:50:46 <Bosmon7> Cheers
2014-11-17T16:50:58 <Bosmon7> Do you happen to remember what the issue was with the destroyed components, and how you resolved?
2014-11-17T16:51:10 <Bosmon7> We need to be very careful to make sure that any usability issues with the framework are carefully documented
2014-11-17T16:51:26 <Bosmon7> Especially for those of us in the core team, it\'s not enough to just solve our own problems and move on : P
2014-11-17T16:56:31 <cindyli1> Bosmon7: let me see if i can reproduce the destroyed component issue and document the solution
2014-11-17T16:56:43 <Bosmon7> cindyli1 - that will be very helpful, thanks!
2014-11-17T16:56:54 <cindyli1> np
2014-11-17T16:58:48 * slim_jim joined the channel
2014-11-17T17:00:59 * kasparnet has quit
2014-11-17T17:12:14 <cindyli1> Bosmon7, Justin_o: do we already have a doc for this type of problem solving strategies? if not, i will create a wiki page for it
2014-11-17T17:12:56 <Bosmon7> cindyli1 - it will be really excellent to have a "common problems encountered with the framework" page parent
2014-11-17T17:13:17 <Bosmon7> If noone else, I will regularly refer to it to see how such problems can be eliminated completely : P
2014-11-17T17:16:47 <cindyli1> Bosmon7, Justin_o, ok. is it ok for this doc to go into https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion-docs?
2014-11-17T17:17:31 <Bosmon7> colinclark, anastasiac - what do you think?
2014-11-17T17:17:41 <Bosmon7> I think we had retained some role for wiki-based pages in our documentation
2014-11-17T17:17:45 <Bosmon7> But I\'m not sure if this fits it
2014-11-17T17:19:56 <colinclark> Seems like it might be more of a wiki page to me
2014-11-17T17:20:05 <anastasiac> Bosmon7, the thinking was that the wiki would be for working documents, the \xe2\x80\x9cinfusion-docs\xe2\x80\x9d repo for \xe2\x80\x9cofficial\xe2\x80\x9d Infusion Documentation.
2014-11-17T17:20:14 <colinclark> The best criteria to use when making a decision like this is to ask who we want to be able to contribute, and how formal that contribution needs to be
2014-11-17T17:20:20 <anastasiac> are we talking about guidelines for working with the framework?
2014-11-17T17:20:27 <anastasiac> or more pseudo bug reports
2014-11-17T17:20:28 <anastasiac> ?
2014-11-17T17:20:34 <Bosmon7> anastasiac ^
2014-11-17T17:20:54 <colinclark> in this case, as an external contributor I think I might feel pretty weird about making a pull request saying "I continually get confused by the difference between relay and non-relay components" or something like that
2014-11-17T17:21:03 <Bosmon7> ok
2014-11-17T17:21:22 <Bosmon7> So this sounds like we are inclining to "wiki status" for this kind of material
2014-11-17T17:21:28 <colinclark> this documentation that cindyli1 and Bosmon7 are talking about really represents collections of experiences, which will form the basis for fixing bugs or improving documentation, right?
2014-11-17T17:21:40 <colinclark> which seems fairly informal and like we\'d want a low barrier to contribution
2014-11-17T17:22:01 <Bosmon7> colinclark - yes, and perhaps pooling information on "common workarounds and refactorings" that might be necessary in certain situations
2014-11-17T17:22:02 <anastasiac> \xe2\x80\x9ccollections of experiences, which will form the basis for fixing bugs or improving documentation\xe2\x80\x9d does sound like wiki material
2014-11-17T17:22:13 <colinclark> cool
2014-11-17T17:22:16 <colinclark> that seems reasonable
2014-11-17T17:22:17 <anastasiac> but we should try to migrate things to official docs when appropriate
2014-11-17T17:22:19 <colinclark> yup
2014-11-17T17:22:22 <colinclark> i agree, anastasiac
2014-11-17T17:22:24 <Bosmon7> great, thanks guys
2014-11-17T17:22:38 <cindyli1> ok, will start with a wiki page. thanks everyone
2014-11-17T17:23:00 <Bosmon7> Looks like anastasiac has also moved into the super-trendy "smart quote" camp - I need to find that magic Windows font for my laptop too :)
2014-11-17T17:23:34 <anastasiac> it wasn\xe2\x80\x99t me, it was Colloquay!
2014-11-17T17:25:11 <Bosmon7> cindyli1 - in the meantime, do you have any code no matter how rough I could look at for the circular reference issue?
2014-11-17T17:25:56 <Bosmon7> I\'m on a train currently and I expect I will be going under a number of bridges soon :)
2014-11-17T17:26:16 <Bosmon7> The short answer is, "the framework expects to support circular references so long as these are not direct circular references between leaf values" - but there may be some holes in support since the quality of our support for this hasn\'t been very strongly reviewed
2014-11-17T17:26:20 <cindyli1> Bosmon7: i\'ve pushed up the thing that gives "circular instantiation" error - https://github.com/cindyli/prefsEditors/blob/GPII-1014/tests/adjusters/js/cursorSizePCPTests.js#L106-L107
2014-11-17T17:26:38 <Bosmon7> Situations like two components which mutually inject references to each other as subcomponents, for example, should be ok
2014-11-17T17:27:01 <Bosmon7> As well as two components which mutually inject references to non-overlapping members of each other
2014-11-17T17:28:26 * danaayotte has quit
2014-11-17T17:28:33 <Bosmon7> But "direct circularity" such as memberA: {componentB}.memberB <-> memberB: {componentA}.memberA is clearly forbidden
2014-11-17T17:30:32 <Bosmon7> Thanks, cindyli1
2014-11-17T17:31:34 <Bosmon7> Could you paste up what diagnostic the framework gives?
2014-11-17T17:32:03 <cindyli1> Bosmon7: ASSERTION FAILED: Error during instantiation - path cursorSizePCP which has just created component { typeName: "gpii.adjuster.cursorSizePCP" id: 5bysxm1w-129} has already been used for component { typeName: "gpii.adjuster.cursorSizePCP" gradeNames: ["gpii.tests.prefsEditorLoader","gpii.adjuster.cursorSizePCP","fluid.prefs.panel","fluid.rendererComponent","fluid.commonRendererComponent","fluid.commonViewComponent","fluid.standardCom
2014-11-17T17:32:45 <Bosmon7> cindyli1 - pastebin will be better
2014-11-17T17:34:11 <cindyli1> Bosmon7: here u go - pastebin.com/Gm2bMT1T
2014-11-17T17:34:31 <Bosmon7> Thanks
2014-11-17T17:35:12 <cindyli1> thank YOU!
2014-11-17T17:38:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-11-17T17:39:17 * yzen joined the channel
2014-11-17T17:44:37 <Bosmon7> Hi there cindyli1
2014-11-17T17:45:04 <Bosmon7> So I guess it could be claimed this is a bug in the IoC testing framework
2014-11-17T17:45:56 <cindyli1> Bosmon7: what\'s causing it?
2014-11-17T17:46:31 <cindyli1> is there a work around for now?
2014-11-17T17:46:54 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-11-17T17:47:15 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2014-11-17T17:49:13 <Bosmon7> sorry, looks like my connection went down
2014-11-17T17:49:15 <Bosmon7> I said this:
2014-11-17T17:49:21 <Bosmon7> [17:45] <Bosmon7> The "onTestCaseStart" event is capable of firing twice, in the case that one of its own listeners is the cause of the last test case in a sequence beginning to execute
2014-11-17T17:49:21 <Bosmon7> [17:46] <Bosmon7> As a very quick workaround, you can create an Infusion branch that has line 444 of IoCTestUtils.js moved up before the event firing
2014-11-17T17:49:21 <Bosmon7> [17:46] <Bosmon7> The one that reads             testCaseState.started = true;
2014-11-17T17:49:21 <Bosmon7> [17:46] <Bosmon7> I\'ll prepare a proper JIRA and fix later
2014-11-17T17:49:35 <Bosmon7> I\'ll be back in about half an hour, hopefully
2014-11-17T17:50:57 <cindyli1> thanks, Bosmon7, when do you think your fix will be ready. just to see if I should use a temp branch that\'s created by me
2014-11-17T17:51:13 * kasparnet has quit
2014-11-17T17:54:29 * Bosmon7 has quit
2014-11-17T18:00:17 * anastasiac has quit
2014-11-17T18:01:02 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-11-17T18:01:14 * clown joined the channel
2014-11-17T18:01:19 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2014-11-17T18:06:02 * slim_jim has quit
2014-11-17T18:07:39 * heidiv joined the channel
2014-11-17T18:11:55 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-11-17T18:16:51 <heidiv> jessm colinclark Justin_o hi! do any of you know if IDRC has a bookshare.org account?
2014-11-17T18:21:14 <colinclark> Hi heidiv, I don\'t. Have you asked Bert about it?
2014-11-17T18:21:29 <colinclark> He\'s got an inventory of anything we\'ve purchased via the CFI grant
2014-11-17T18:21:31 <heidiv> colinclark will check with him - thanks! :)
2014-11-17T18:21:45 <heidiv> ah, cool
2014-11-17T18:36:21 <Justin_o> heidiv: i think Bert\'s off today
2014-11-17T18:37:14 <heidiv> Justin_o oh, thanks!
2014-11-17T19:05:14 <cindyli1> Bosmon, just to let you know ur work around for the circular instantiation works perfectly!
2014-11-17T19:07:02 * colinclark has quit
'

