b'2014-03-07T23:39:29 * colinclark has quit
2014-03-07T23:40:20 * intwork joined the channel
2014-03-07T23:40:37 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-03-07T23:41:29 * jhernandez has quit
2014-03-07T23:43:24 * jhernandez joined the channel
2014-03-07T23:49:52 * jash4 has quit
2014-03-07T23:51:58 * sgithens has quit
2014-03-07T23:55:32 * simonjb has quit
2014-03-07T23:57:14 * jhernandez has quit
'

b'2014-03-07T18:43:49 <colinclark> I did quite a lot of hasty refactoring prior to Stuttgart meetings
2014-03-07T18:44:02 <colinclark> to componentize most of the Playground itself
2014-03-07T18:44:12 <colinclark> and then to require all synths to be specified as plain JSON
2014-03-07T18:44:23 <colinclark> that in itself is a discussion :)
2014-03-07T18:44:38 <colinclark> but anyway, I ended up treating a series of components that represented the "graph view"
2014-03-07T18:44:58 <colinclark> the primary Playground component has a model that corresponds to the parsed JSON "synthDef"
2014-03-07T18:45:32 <colinclark> and then I was able to use ChangeApplier listeners to inform the graph view (and the source view, for that matter) to update itself whenever a new synthDef is loaded into the playground
2014-03-07T18:46:01 <colinclark> What I found is that is that I was initially confused about what the "semantics" of a particular change in model were in this case
2014-03-07T18:46:09 <Bosmon> What kind of confusion was it?
2014-03-07T18:46:18 <colinclark> Well, my model looked like this:
2014-03-07T18:46:21 <Bosmon> "What is the mistake like to say that this is not my hand?" : P
2014-03-07T18:46:31 <colinclark> :)
2014-03-07T18:46:52 <colinclark> { activeSynthDef: <synthDef loaded by the user by selecting a demo from a dropdown> }
2014-03-07T18:47:16 <colinclark> and so whenever the drop down fires a DOM change event, that is bound to some code that JSON.parses the synthDef
2014-03-07T18:47:26 <colinclark> and then a change request to "activeSynthDef" is fired
2014-03-07T18:47:47 <colinclark> now that actually caused demos to get merged into each other in curious and confusing ways
2014-03-07T18:48:11 <colinclark> I ended up, to make this work, making a DELETE request prior to a change to the activeSynthDef
2014-03-07T18:48:21 <colinclark> I don\'t know if there is a better way to do it
2014-03-07T18:48:35 <Bosmon> No, I think the DELETE request is necessary
2014-03-07T18:48:35 <colinclark> to specify a "complete replacement"
2014-03-07T18:48:40 <Bosmon> Especially with the new semantic
2014-03-07T18:48:46 <colinclark> ok, good
2014-03-07T18:48:47 <colinclark> it actually is making my rendering code better
2014-03-07T18:48:49 <Bosmon> But what you can do is bundle them into a single transaction
2014-03-07T18:48:54 <Bosmon> So that observers are not confused
2014-03-07T18:49:01 <colinclark> I think in this case I don\'t want to
2014-03-07T18:49:03 <Bosmon> ok
2014-03-07T18:49:07 <colinclark> since there is a step in the process that "blasts all old DOM elements"
2014-03-07T18:49:13 <colinclark> which maps perfectly to this delete operation
2014-03-07T18:49:15 <Bosmon> ah ok
2014-03-07T18:49:40 <colinclark> cool, well, thanks for listening
2014-03-07T18:49:54 <colinclark> My plan next is to actually use model transformation for a big part of this
2014-03-07T18:50:33 <colinclark> taking a hierarchical collection of unit generator definitions (i.e. JSON blobs representing ugens that should be created by Flocking) and flattening them into an array
2014-03-07T18:50:41 <colinclark> which can then be used to bind to a set of dynamic components
2014-03-07T18:50:45 <Bosmon> cool
2014-03-07T18:50:49 <colinclark> representing the "renderers" for each unit generator
2014-03-07T18:51:17 <colinclark> and so the flat model for these renderers will contain information needed to render the DOM elements for each ugen
2014-03-07T18:51:33 <colinclark> as well as a list of all "edges" (i.e. inputs)
2014-03-07T18:51:39 <colinclark> and positional information
2014-03-07T18:51:47 <colinclark> so rendering will involve
2014-03-07T18:51:55 <colinclark> 1. Rendering DOM nodes for each ugen
2014-03-07T18:51:56 * simonjb has quit
2014-03-07T18:52:15 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-03-07T18:52:19 <colinclark> 2. Invoking Dagre with the positional and edge information for all nodes, which will produce a layout
2014-03-07T18:52:25 <Bosmon> DAGGGRE!
2014-03-07T18:52:29 <colinclark> 3. Traversing the edge information to draw lines with JSPlumb
2014-03-07T18:52:41 <colinclark> https://github.com/cpettitt/dagre
2014-03-07T18:53:02 <colinclark> it\'s a view-independent DAG layout engine
2014-03-07T18:53:12 <colinclark> you give it a list of nodes and their dimensions along with their edges
2014-03-07T18:53:28 <colinclark> and it will produce a vaguely JSON-like structure with the positional information for each node
2014-03-07T18:53:34 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-03-07T18:53:39 <colinclark> I think :)
2014-03-07T18:53:47 <colinclark> In general, does this sound like a sound approach?
2014-03-07T18:53:51 <colinclark> and would you refine it at all
2014-03-07T18:54:37 <colinclark> hierarchical ugen tree -> model relay -> flat list of ugens -> instantiate renderers a dynamic components -> dagre -> plumb -> done
2014-03-07T18:57:31 <colinclark> Also, Bosmon, do you know when your new implicit one-shot invokers will be in Infusion?
2014-03-07T18:57:59 <Bosmon> colinclark - a lot depends on the review pipeline :)
2014-03-07T18:58:04 <colinclark> lol
2014-03-07T18:58:06 <colinclark> duly noted
2014-03-07T18:58:37 <Bosmon> I could get a kind of early pull together this afternoon if there was interest
2014-03-07T18:59:00 <Bosmon> Since I do have a working impl already, it just needs a few diagnostics
2014-03-07T18:59:29 * yzen has quit
2014-03-07T19:00:02 <colinclark> I think there\'s general interest, but not time-sensitive interest
2014-03-07T19:00:09 <colinclark> I certainly have enough review to do already
2014-03-07T19:00:20 <Bosmon> It also integrates with Justin_o\'s "onDomBind" event scheme
2014-03-07T19:00:25 <colinclark> ah cool
2014-03-07T19:00:38 <colinclark> that\'s a convention for event definition in the p.f.?
2014-03-07T19:00:38 <Bosmon> So should be a mostly drop-in replacement for infrastructure we already have in prefs "Panels"
2014-03-07T19:00:57 <Bosmon> p.f.?
2014-03-07T19:01:10 <Bosmon> oh yes
2014-03-07T19:01:11 <Bosmon> it is
2014-03-07T19:01:26 <Bosmon> And it\'s also something that will be a key part of the "new renderer"
2014-03-07T19:01:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-03-07T19:09:54 <cindyli> Justin_o: your pull request for FLOE-173 has been merged into the master
2014-03-07T19:11:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-03-07T19:11:09 <cindyli> np
2014-03-07T19:11:35 <simonjb> hi sgithens -- I was looking at the logs for the channel -- were you looking for me earlier?
2014-03-07T19:12:08 * AyushDatta1 joined the channel
2014-03-07T19:12:10 * AyushDatta2 joined the channel
2014-03-07T19:13:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m looking at your comments to my FLOE-116 pull request. I think i\'ve taken care of or commented on all of them except for https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/19/files#r9853372
2014-03-07T19:13:22 <sgithens> oh hey! simonjb: Yeah, I was just going to say I\'m going to reply to your email, but might not be able to until this weekend
2014-03-07T19:13:30 <sgithens> with brainstorms for debugging tools
2014-03-07T19:13:47 <simonjb> sgithens: awesome! thank you
2014-03-07T19:13:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i could probably use some help with brainstorming on how to implement that, and if you could let me know if the rest are fine too
2014-03-07T19:15:16 <Bosmon> Justin_o - sure
2014-03-07T19:15:30 <Bosmon> It looks like it should be a fairly standard use of "dynamicComponents"
2014-03-07T19:15:40 <Bosmon> Shall we have a short call in a bit?
2014-03-07T19:15:43 <Bosmon> When are you off today
2014-03-07T19:16:12 <simonjb> sgithens: would also be good to talk some time about the work that you did on the Scrobbler (is that the right name?)
2014-03-07T19:16:57 <Bosmon> Hay, GITTHHUEN!
2014-03-07T19:17:12 <sgithens> simonjb: Yes!  It\'s sad that I can\'t find the darn thing
2014-03-07T19:17:19 <simonjb> :(
2014-03-07T19:17:23 <sgithens> I committed it in a branch somewhere...
2014-03-07T19:17:27 <sgithens> and
2014-03-07T19:17:42 <sgithens> I don\'t know, maybe I\'ll look one more time before San Diego
2014-03-07T19:17:55 <simonjb> that would be great, thanks
2014-03-07T19:20:11 <sgithens> it was pretty cool, and ascii based
2014-03-07T19:20:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'ll be off in about 1.5 hours
2014-03-07T19:20:52 <sgithens> Bosmon, kasparnet, and colinclark can attest that it did actually exist for a period of several days
2014-03-07T19:21:14 <Bosmon> I did indeed see a kind of "mountainscape built of asterisks" at one point, yes :)
2014-03-07T19:21:47 <sgithens> part of the issue, is that I end up doing work in node_modules sub directories and than accidentally update them or overwrite them and stuff during builds
2014-03-07T19:21:58 <sgithens> Or at least back then, it was a mistake I made occasionally
2014-03-07T19:22:08 <sgithens> but I will do one last forensic look this weekend for it
2014-03-07T19:22:38 <simonjb> thanks sgithens
2014-03-07T19:23:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - is in about 20 minutes ok?
2014-03-07T19:23:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sure
2014-03-07T19:23:23 <Bosmon> cool
2014-03-07T19:26:27 <Justin_o> jhung: are the latest metadata designs up on the wiki?
2014-03-07T19:27:36 <jhung> Justin_o: not yet. dana, joanna, and I were just walking through them yesterday. Dana was going to try to get them cleaned up and posted. Maybe next week?
2014-03-07T19:30:00 <Justin_o> jhung: okay, is the way that we add captions going to be roughly the same?
2014-03-07T19:31:31 <jhung> Justin_o: remind me how it is now?
2014-03-07T19:32:28 <jhung> Justin_o: fyi here\'s a link to the latest from dayotte - https://www.dropbox.com/s/4ogzuwjxc4c2pay/audio%20file%20panels.pdf
2014-03-07T19:32:40 * kasparnet has quit
2014-03-07T19:35:35 <Justin_o> jhung: i don\'t have link to the old wireframes, but you can look at the demo http://metadata.floeproject.org/demos/html/metadata.html
2014-03-07T19:35:49 <Justin_o> jhung:  what happens when you click add caption now?
2014-03-07T19:39:17 <jhung> Justin_o: I think a section would appear that will allow the user to input a file or an URL, and specify a langauage.
2014-03-07T19:43:14 <Justin_o> jhung: and if they wanted to add another one?
2014-03-07T19:43:18 <Justin_o> or they can only add one?
2014-03-07T19:44:03 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m guessing there will be a way to add more than one.
2014-03-07T19:45:19 * yzen joined the channel
2014-03-07T19:53:59 * jash4 has quit
2014-03-07T20:08:19 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o
2014-03-07T20:08:21 * jash4 joined the channel
2014-03-07T20:08:23 <Bosmon> Is it a good time now?
2014-03-07T20:08:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sure
2014-03-07T20:28:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-03-07T20:43:53 * AyushDatta2 has quit
2014-03-07T20:49:27 <Justin_o> cindyli: i just finished chatting with Bosmon about dynamic components for metadata. I\'ve updated the pull request with the suggested approach. Bosmon makes it sound straightforward. I won\'t have a chance to look at it today though, but I\'ll pick up the work next week.
2014-03-07T20:50:03 <cindyli> that\'s great, thanks, Justin_o
2014-03-07T20:50:19 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'m going to be heading out now.. see you next week
2014-03-07T20:50:28 <cindyli> have a good weekend, Justin_o
2014-03-07T20:50:37 <Justin_o> thanks you too
2014-03-07T20:53:06 * cindyli has quit
2014-03-07T21:01:22 * anvk has quit
2014-03-07T21:12:09 * kasparnet has quit
2014-03-07T21:12:28 * sgithens has quit
2014-03-07T21:26:05 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-03-07T21:33:58 * sgithens has quit
2014-03-07T21:34:56 * greggy1 has quit
2014-03-07T21:55:48 * jhung has quit
2014-03-07T22:01:23 * AyushDatta1 has quit
2014-03-07T22:08:24 * yzen has quit
2014-03-07T22:17:50 * anastasiac has quit
2014-03-07T22:36:21 * yzen joined the channel
2014-03-07T22:40:29 * yzen has quit
2014-03-07T22:55:06 * Justin_o has quit
2014-03-07T22:57:09 * jash4 has quit
2014-03-07T23:09:50 * jash4 joined the channel
2014-03-07T23:32:35 * jhernandez has quit
2014-03-07T23:34:18 * jhernandez joined the channel
'

b'2014-03-07T18:01:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark, anastasiac: i just sent an e-mail to the list about our forked version of jslint being gone and a suggestion to switch to jshint. If you have time to look it over and give your thoughts that would be great.
2014-03-07T18:01:34 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-03-07T18:01:39 <colinclark> totally
2014-03-07T18:01:47 <colinclark> Justin_o: I did some stuff in Flocking...
2014-03-07T18:02:09 <colinclark> Flocking\'s code standards aren\'t the same as Infusion\'s
2014-03-07T18:02:21 <colinclark> they\'re a little "weirder" in that I adopted "one var-ism"
2014-03-07T18:02:28 <colinclark> but we could adapt it
2014-03-07T18:02:29 <colinclark> https://github.com/colinbdclark/Flocking/blob/master/.jshintrc
2014-03-07T18:02:42 <colinclark> https://github.com/colinbdclark/Flocking/blob/master/Gruntfile.js#L7-L12
2014-03-07T18:03:00 <colinclark> It\'s really very convenient
2014-03-07T18:03:17 <colinclark> and I even set up a pre-commit hook so that my commits get rejected if they fail JSHint
2014-03-07T18:03:39 <colinclark> https://github.com/colinbdclark/Flocking/blob/master/Gruntfile.js#L93-L97
2014-03-07T18:03:45 <Justin_o> colinclark: cool.. i was wondering if we do switch to jshint, if we should keep the linting comments instead, so people who don\'t have node setup could still copy it over to the website for linting.. although i\'m not sure how often that would happen..
2014-03-07T18:03:59 <colinclark> It uses this git-hooks plugin for Grunt, which works across platform
2014-03-07T18:04:02 <colinclark> Justin_o: Yeah, I do both
2014-03-07T18:04:10 <colinclark> I have the jshintrc file and I try to keep the file comments up to date
2014-03-07T18:04:23 * AyushDatta2 has quit
2014-03-07T18:04:23 * AyushDatta1 has quit
2014-03-07T18:04:59 <Justin_o> colinclark: that githook thing in your gruntfile is interesting.. does that get "installed" to your local git repo?
2014-03-07T18:05:07 <colinclark> yes
2014-03-07T18:05:21 <colinclark> you just run "grunt githooks"
2014-03-07T18:05:24 <colinclark> and it will install the hook for you
2014-03-07T18:05:29 <colinclark> and the hooks are written as JavaScript files
2014-03-07T18:05:35 <colinclark> so they work on both Windows and Mac OS X
2014-03-07T18:05:45 * danaayotte has quit
2014-03-07T18:05:50 <colinclark> I find it pretty useful
2014-03-07T18:05:54 <Justin_o> colinclark: that\'s awesome.. that would help solve our long standing missing feature from svn about preventing commits without a jira number
2014-03-07T18:06:03 <colinclark> yes
2014-03-07T18:06:05 <Bosmon> Well, sort of
2014-03-07T18:06:14 <Bosmon> The issue still remains what to do about merges and conflict resolution commits
2014-03-07T18:06:19 <colinclark> yes
2014-03-07T18:06:22 <Bosmon> Which I always saw as the greater problem
2014-03-07T18:06:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah good point, although those tend to follow a particular pattern so they should be easy to accept
2014-03-07T18:07:03 <Justin_o> or maybe you think they are an issue in and of themselves
2014-03-07T18:07:12 <Bosmon> I\'m not sure
2014-03-07T18:07:17 <Bosmon> All I can observe is that they exist : P
2014-03-07T18:07:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'ve come to like the merge commits a lot, makes it easier to know when a branch got in, otherwise the individual commits get all merged in with the rest
2014-03-07T18:08:04 <Bosmon> yes
2014-03-07T18:08:18 <Bosmon> All the same I\'ve sort of given up trying to interpret git histories
2014-03-07T18:08:23 <Bosmon> I just assume that "it has come out in the wash"
2014-03-07T18:08:47 <Bosmon> What you get on issuing a "git log" from pretty much any point is unintelligible except for the most recent 1 or possible 2 commits : P
2014-03-07T18:09:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s a decent segue for my next comment
2014-03-07T18:09:41 <Bosmon> All you can learn from it is "am I really on the branch I think I am" or "did I actually remember to commit this"
2014-03-07T18:09:54 * danaayotte joined the channel
2014-03-07T18:10:05 <Justin_o> Bosmon, colinclark: could you please take a look at http://issues.fluidproject.org/issues/?jql=status%20%3D%20Resolved%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Fixed and close off any of those issues that are done. If possible add the merge point in a comment too.
2014-03-07T18:10:25 * jash4 has quit
2014-03-07T18:10:39 <Bosmon> wagh
2014-03-07T18:10:56 <Bosmon> The newest of these issues was updated 1 year ago : P
2014-03-07T18:11:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: We had over 600 of these in jiras at the start of the week :)
2014-03-07T18:11:40 <Bosmon> I\'m not sure I could actually do that very easily at all
2014-03-07T18:11:50 <Bosmon> FLUID-4695 for example
2014-03-07T18:11:59 <Bosmon> Would involve a considerable amount of archaeology
2014-03-07T18:12:23 <Bosmon> And it might be quite hard to even identify a single point at which the functionality was delivered
2014-03-07T18:12:58 <Bosmon> FLUID-4609 similarly
2014-03-07T18:13:07 <Bosmon> Many of these are awkward things that arrived in dribs and drabs
2014-03-07T18:13:21 <Bosmon> FOr example an "early merge" that delivered a highly broken and limited version of the functionality
2014-03-07T18:13:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s fine if that\'s the case, maybe just leave a comment as such and close it off
2014-03-07T18:13:36 <Justin_o> if the work is actually completed
2014-03-07T18:13:39 <Bosmon> That gradually got tweaked until it was reasonably usable
2014-03-07T18:13:39 <Bosmon> ok
2014-03-07T18:13:59 <Bosmon> What actually is our protocol on "Closing"?
2014-03-07T18:14:09 <Bosmon> Isn\'t it the case that the person responsible for the work can\'t do it?
2014-03-07T18:14:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so speaking of git log history, i was able to track down several cases where the work was done with a single branch merge, but hadn\'t been documented on the jira. In the end it wasn\'t too hard, just used the grep option for git log
2014-03-07T18:14:37 <Bosmon> yes
2014-03-07T18:14:44 <Bosmon> I have closed several such issues myself
2014-03-07T18:14:52 <colinclark> Bosmon: whatever we can do, we should help
2014-03-07T18:14:54 <Bosmon> And have been encouraging those responsible for merges to take care of it : P
2014-03-07T18:15:03 <colinclark> King has been slogging through a ton of these
2014-03-07T18:15:13 <Bosmon> But many of these remaining ones are remaining I think because they are recalcitrant
2014-03-07T18:15:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes.. i think in general the person doing the merge should probably close it, or depending on the case, the person who filed it.
2014-03-07T18:15:38 <Bosmon> We could probably discover a single timepoint for FLUID-4212
2014-03-07T18:15:46 <Bosmon> But I think not for many of the others of these 7
2014-03-07T18:16:13 <colinclark> So should our process change?
2014-03-07T18:16:22 <colinclark> I was under the impression that as a reviewer
2014-03-07T18:16:30 <colinclark> I should resolve but not close when I push a fix
2014-03-07T18:16:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that\'s okay.. i mostly wanted to make sure that they were really done, and since you and colinclark filed them, I figured you\'d be the best to know
2014-03-07T18:16:40 <colinclark> but should I actually be closing them?
2014-03-07T18:16:58 <Bosmon> I believe they are all "really done"
2014-03-07T18:16:58 <Justin_o> colinclark: seems like this is unclear, and i\'m not fully clear on it myself :)
2014-03-07T18:17:06 <Bosmon> But I have never really understood who is responsible for "closing" issues
2014-03-07T18:17:18 <Justin_o> colinclark: the notion of resolved vs closed is kind of vague, especially since we have the needs commit option
2014-03-07T18:17:19 <Bosmon> Especially where the issue has no user-facing correlate
2014-03-07T18:17:58 <Bosmon> To me, the mere fact that an issue has persisted in the "Resolved" condition for more than a year must prove that it is actually "Closed"
2014-03-07T18:18:08 <Bosmon> Otherwise you imagine someone might have reopened it : P
2014-03-07T18:18:22 <colinclark> yes
2014-03-07T18:18:31 <colinclark> I guess we should close issues after they\'ve been tested and pushed
2014-03-07T18:18:36 <colinclark> let\'s make life simpler for ourselves :)
2014-03-07T18:18:49 <Bosmon> Ok
2014-03-07T18:18:51 <colinclark> and if that shouldn\'t be the case, the submitter can make note of it on the pull request
2014-03-07T18:18:54 <Bosmon> At least, as long as they are reported by one of us
2014-03-07T18:18:56 <colinclark> as you recently did for me, Bosmon
2014-03-07T18:19:02 <colinclark> where you said "don\'t resolve this when you push it"
2014-03-07T18:19:06 <colinclark> yes
2014-03-07T18:19:14 <Bosmon> If they are reported by an external user I imagine we should use the full 2-step system
2014-03-07T18:19:27 <colinclark> if they are reported by a user, perhaps we can write a note on the JIRA asking them to confirm that we did indeed do what they wanted
2014-03-07T18:19:36 <Bosmon> Although sometimes I think we count as "users" to ourselves
2014-03-07T18:19:59 <colinclark> Like "@amb26, can you confirm that this fix does indeed make your synth extra-squawky? If it does, please close the issue"
2014-03-07T18:20:02 <Bosmon> For example, those issues that I issue fixes for for cindyli should, for example, be "closed" by her
2014-03-07T18:20:57 <Bosmon> For example, in the recent pull I did for her, I rewrote one of her test cases because "in my opinion" it could be represented by a much more simple test
2014-03-07T18:21:11 <Bosmon> But that would still require her to verify that in her opinion, the original issue was indeed fixed
2014-03-07T18:21:54 <Bosmon> So she commented in the channel yesterday that everything seemed fine for her - and so that would be a reasonable point for a "close"
2014-03-07T18:22:14 <colinclark> that definitely is a case, yes
2014-03-07T18:22:38 <colinclark> a very good example
2014-03-07T18:22:44 <colinclark> any thoughts on all of this, Justin_o ?
2014-03-07T18:22:45 <Bosmon> But I guess where, on the other hand, the issue is a framework issue reported by me, that is fixed by me, the reviewer for it should close it in one step when pushing
2014-03-07T18:22:45 <cindyli> Bosmon, colinclark, r u talking about closing jiras? shouldn\'t they be closed after the fixes are merged into the master?
2014-03-07T18:22:46 * kasparnet has quit
2014-03-07T18:22:56 <Bosmon> cindyli - not necessarily, no
2014-03-07T18:22:58 * jash4 joined the channel
2014-03-07T18:22:58 <colinclark> cindyli: Yep, that\'s exactly what we\'re talking about
2014-03-07T18:23:03 <Bosmon> The question is whether any "separate verification" is required
2014-03-07T18:23:07 <colinclark> The proposal I think we\'re making is this:
2014-03-07T18:23:19 <colinclark> 1. Straightforward fixes should be both resolved and closed when a reviewer pushes them
2014-03-07T18:23:24 <Bosmon> And certainly in the case where the filer and the fixer are the same person, there clearly can\'t be any form of separate verification
2014-03-07T18:23:31 <Bosmon> So that is definitely a case for "close on merge"
2014-03-07T18:23:42 <colinclark> 2. Issues that involve changes or verification, such as the example Bosmon gave of your recent test case, should be bounced back
2014-03-07T18:23:59 <colinclark> for a last look and confirmation by the person who filed the issue
2014-03-07T18:24:01 <Bosmon> But I was arguing that the fix I made for your FLUID-5282 was not a case of "close on merge"
2014-03-07T18:24:11 <Bosmon> Since I could have been wrong in my diagnosis of what the issue was
2014-03-07T18:24:14 <colinclark> I would say that for 90% of our issues, they should be resolved and fixed
2014-03-07T18:24:18 <colinclark> closed, sorry
2014-03-07T18:24:37 <Justin_o> colinclark: the proposal sounds good
2014-03-07T18:24:47 <Bosmon> Perhaps a person filing a pull request should be obliged to give an explicit annotation
2014-03-07T18:25:05 <Bosmon> Either "close on merge" or "verification by xxx required"
2014-03-07T18:25:25 <Bosmon> Since in the case of FLUID-5282 I was the "apparent filer" of the JIRA too
2014-03-07T18:25:31 <Bosmon> But it was still really an issue on behalf of cindyli
2014-03-07T18:25:58 <colinclark> I think it should be the reverse
2014-03-07T18:26:11 <colinclark> The case of "resolve and close on merge" should be the default
2014-03-07T18:26:24 <Bosmon> It\'s a shame that JIRA doesn\'t allow you to edit the "Reporter" field of a JIRA to make it apparently originate from another
2014-03-07T18:26:35 <Bosmon> I remember that many of those 2011 UIO JIRAs were filed on behalf of cindyli : P
2014-03-07T18:26:36 <colinclark> And someone who is looking at, fixing, or reviewing an issue that needs this extra workflow step should explicitly ask fro it
2014-03-07T18:26:45 <Bosmon> colinclark - sure, that\'s good
2014-03-07T18:27:01 <Bosmon> but I was able to do that by actually being logged on to JIRA as her : P
2014-03-07T18:27:21 <colinclark> oh yes
2014-03-07T18:27:21 <cindyli> :)
2014-03-07T18:27:24 <colinclark> that was that amazing time
2014-03-07T18:27:36 <colinclark> where you were visiting the office
2014-03-07T18:27:38 <colinclark> Pair JIRAing with cindyli, right?
2014-03-07T18:27:45 <cindyli> exactly :)
2014-03-07T18:27:52 <cindyli> i got all the credit ;)
2014-03-07T18:28:08 <colinclark> which you deserve unquestionably, cindyli
2014-03-07T18:28:29 <cindyli> not really, Bosmon for sure won\'t agree
2014-03-07T18:28:36 <Bosmon> I agree completely!
2014-03-07T18:28:48 <cindyli> YAY!!
2014-03-07T18:28:56 <Bosmon> Why else do you think I filed the issues as you? : P
2014-03-07T18:29:20 <Bosmon> I could perfectly easily have used my THINKPAD KEYBOARD WITH SEPARATE FUNCTION KEYS ........
2014-03-07T18:29:41 <cindyli> YAY.. this time i\'m DANCING!!
2014-03-07T18:33:36 * greggy1 joined the channel
2014-03-07T18:35:53 * danaayotte has quit
2014-03-07T18:43:25 <colinclark> Bosmon: So as you know I\'ve been working on that "graph view" for Flocking\'s Playground
'

b'2014-03-07T00:05:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-03-07T00:39:46 * kasparnet has quit
2014-03-07T00:56:29 * verbych joined the channel
2014-03-07T01:03:26 * vjoanna has left the channel
2014-03-07T01:16:36 * verbych has quit
2014-03-07T01:31:59 * jash4 joined the channel
2014-03-07T02:25:54 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2014-03-07T02:26:28 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2014-03-07T02:28:54 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2014-03-07T07:55:13 * [o__o] joined the channel
2014-03-07T08:13:57 * Zuru_ is now known as Zuru
2014-03-07T08:25:02 * SonicX joined the channel
2014-03-07T08:25:30 * SonicX has quit
2014-03-07T08:44:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-03-07T09:58:38 * kasparnet has quit
2014-03-07T10:03:19 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-03-07T10:35:26 * Niharika has left the channel
2014-03-07T10:58:43 * kasparnet has quit
2014-03-07T11:04:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-03-07T12:00:47 * jash4 has quit
2014-03-07T12:21:17 * jash4 joined the channel
2014-03-07T12:37:04 * Niharika joined the channel
2014-03-07T12:43:12 * Justin_o joined the channel
2014-03-07T12:46:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sorry.. i missed your message, i had left for the day already.
2014-03-07T12:58:59 * jash4 has quit
2014-03-07T12:59:08 * jash4 joined the channel
2014-03-07T13:13:13 * jhung joined the channel
2014-03-07T13:15:31 * kasparnet has quit
2014-03-07T13:16:10 * jhung has quit
2014-03-07T13:17:26 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-03-07T13:23:21 * jhung joined the channel
2014-03-07T13:29:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-03-07T13:36:02 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-03-07T13:36:52 * anvk joined the channel
2014-03-07T13:40:48 * greggy1 joined the channel
2014-03-07T13:41:38 * sgithens has quit
2014-03-07T13:55:08 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-03-07T14:10:29 * jash4 has quit
2014-03-07T14:14:33 * yzen joined the channel
2014-03-07T14:20:55 * sgithens has quit
2014-03-07T14:21:02 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-03-07T14:21:45 <sgithens> Is Simon one of the handles on here?
2014-03-07T14:31:53 * cindyli has quit
2014-03-07T14:32:13 * cindyli joined the channel
2014-03-07T14:34:03 * jash4 joined the channel
2014-03-07T14:46:28 * Jess_ joined the channel
2014-03-07T14:46:28 * Jess_ has quit
2014-03-07T14:58:53 * AyushDatta2 joined the channel
2014-03-07T15:00:21 <Justin_o> cindyli: could you please review this pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/21
2014-03-07T15:01:00 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o
2014-03-07T15:03:05 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2014-03-07T15:03:08 <Justin_o> it\'s based off of master
2014-03-07T15:03:16 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o
2014-03-07T15:06:04 * colinclark joined the channel
2014-03-07T15:07:41 * yzen has quit
2014-03-07T15:09:10 * yzen joined the channel
2014-03-07T15:27:20 * anastasiac joined the channel
2014-03-07T15:30:47 * simonjb joined the channel
2014-03-07T15:31:49 <simonjb> good morning jhung -- I merged in your demoMenu changes this morning and was wondering if you had a little time to chat?
2014-03-07T15:31:58 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T15:33:34 * sgithens has quit
2014-03-07T15:37:11 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T15:38:36 <jhung> simonjb: sure. I\'ll ping you on Skype in a minute. I just need to find my headset.
2014-03-07T15:38:56 <simonjb> sounds good jhung
2014-03-07T15:43:47 * kasparnet has quit
2014-03-07T15:52:23 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T15:57:33 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T15:58:41 * caravanvw joined the channel
2014-03-07T16:02:26 <anastasiac> Justin_o, do we still have our custom version of jslint running anywhere? or an alternative, or something?
2014-03-07T16:08:44 * sgithens joined the channel
2014-03-07T16:09:53 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T16:10:00 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T16:12:19 * caravanvw has quit
2014-03-07T16:15:09 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T16:15:16 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T16:22:40 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T16:26:08 * jhung has quit
2014-03-07T16:27:32 * jhung joined the channel
2014-03-07T16:27:50 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T16:35:44 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T16:37:24 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T16:53:54 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T16:56:58 * sgithens has quit
2014-03-07T16:59:03 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T17:02:10 <Justin_o> anastasiac: we don\'t have our custom version running.. i think we\'re going to be using jshint instead
2014-03-07T17:02:44 <anastasiac> okley, thanks for the info, Justin_o
2014-03-07T17:05:59 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T17:06:05 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T17:10:33 * jhung has quit
2014-03-07T17:10:57 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T17:14:20 * jhung joined the channel
2014-03-07T17:17:53 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T17:22:52 * Zuru has quit
2014-03-07T17:32:28 <colinclark> so Bosmon and simonjb
2014-03-07T17:32:28 <colinclark> hi
2014-03-07T17:32:51 <simonjb> hey
2014-03-07T17:32:52 <colinclark> I\'d like to do some planning and thinking about asterics and connecting up "diverse sources of user input" to the web
2014-03-07T17:33:04 <Bosmon> DIVERS ALARUMS
2014-03-07T17:33:05 * Zuru joined the channel
2014-03-07T17:33:06 <simonjb> absolutely
2014-03-07T17:33:08 <colinclark> I\'m thinking I should try to scramble into the office
2014-03-07T17:33:17 <colinclark> and then should we have a call to talk about it?
2014-03-07T17:33:20 <Bosmon> ok
2014-03-07T17:33:23 <colinclark> or type away here in the channel?
2014-03-07T17:33:25 <colinclark> i\'m flexible
2014-03-07T17:33:27 <simonjb> sounds good
2014-03-07T17:33:39 <colinclark> i just think i want to come into the office for sanity\'s sake :)
2014-03-07T17:34:00 <simonjb> this may evolve, but right now I think I\'m more effective with voice rather than typing
2014-03-07T17:34:05 <colinclark> yup
2014-03-07T17:34:06 <colinclark> that makes sense
2014-03-07T17:34:19 <Bosmon> We still have some "high bandwidth" stuff to transact : P
2014-03-07T17:34:19 <colinclark> So many morning conference calls this week
2014-03-07T17:34:23 <colinclark> yup
2014-03-07T17:34:24 <colinclark> ok
2014-03-07T17:34:30 <colinclark> so should we settle on a time?
2014-03-07T17:34:49 <simonjb> I\'m available all afternoon
2014-03-07T17:35:04 <Bosmon> So will I, although I might fall asleep spontaneously
2014-03-07T17:35:10 <simonjb> :)
2014-03-07T17:35:39 <colinclark> should we find a way to wake you up, or should we pick a time?
2014-03-07T17:35:47 <Bosmon> Both, or either : P
2014-03-07T17:35:51 <colinclark> I\'m thinking 3 pm EST/1 pm MST would work for me
2014-03-07T17:35:53 <Bosmon> ok
2014-03-07T17:35:56 <Bosmon> Let\'s do that
2014-03-07T17:35:57 <simonjb> ok
2014-03-07T17:36:04 <Bosmon> Phone me if I don\'t seem to be here :)
2014-03-07T17:38:15 <colinclark> ok perfect
2014-03-07T17:38:16 <colinclark> thanks guys
2014-03-07T17:38:23 <colinclark> i\'m excited about working on this with you
2014-03-07T17:39:13 * greggy1 has quit
2014-03-07T17:39:48 * Niharika is now known as Niharika|away
2014-03-07T17:41:27 * Niharika|away has left the channel
2014-03-07T17:43:45 * yzen has quit
2014-03-07T17:49:25 * yzen joined the channel
2014-03-07T17:49:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2014-03-07T17:58:18 <anastasiac> cindyli, Justin_o, Bosmon: how would i replace the following line with the "modelListeners" option in fluid.defaults?
2014-03-07T17:58:19 <anastasiac> that.applier.guards.addListener({path: "volume", transactional: true}, fluid.linearRangeGuard(0, 100));
2014-03-07T17:58:34 <anastasiac> my question is obviously about the \'transactional\' part
2014-03-07T17:58:41 <Bosmon> anastasiac - guards are replaced by "modelRelay" blocks
2014-03-07T17:58:46 <colinclark> yay
2014-03-07T17:58:51 <Bosmon> And every listener is now by default transactional as appropriate
2014-03-07T17:59:31 <Bosmon> Sadly I haven\'t got my ChangeApplier notes into a better form
2014-03-07T17:59:34 <Bosmon> But I mean to start this afternoon
2014-03-07T17:59:39 <anastasiac> Bosmon, is this in the very latest modelRelay stuff, the version that doesn\'t work with the VideoPlayer yet?
2014-03-07T17:59:47 <Bosmon> anastasiac - yes, that\'s right
2014-03-07T17:59:56 <anastasiac> so how would i do this in the video player? :-)
2014-03-07T18:00:07 <Bosmon> anastasiac - well, it "works" with it
2014-03-07T18:00:16 <Bosmon> What won\'t work is the UIO integration
2014-03-07T18:00:37 <Bosmon> And if you\'re not updating it to the new grades, you\'ll just have to leave that guard the way it is
2014-03-07T18:00:50 <Bosmon> All of the old ChangeApplier implementation is currently still there under the existing gradeNames
2014-03-07T18:01:27 <anastasiac> ok, I\'ll leave it as is until we can upgrade the VP to the very latest infusion. Thanks
'

