b'2013-11-22T19:45:43 <Justin_o> :)
2013-11-22T19:46:01 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. so what should we call this function.. fluid.prefs.something
2013-11-22T19:46:13 <Justin_o> something === createPrefsEditor ?
2013-11-22T19:46:15 <Bosmon> Something like "buildAndCreate" or so
2013-11-22T19:46:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: how about fluid.prefs.create
2013-11-22T19:47:02 <Bosmon> Seems reasonable
2013-11-22T19:47:06 <Bosmon> By the "95% principle"
2013-11-22T19:47:16 <Bosmon> I guess the 95% aren\'t even interested that they have in fact invoked a 2-step process
2013-11-22T19:47:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cool :)
2013-11-22T19:47:56 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m going to file this under a different jira though
2013-11-22T19:48:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you think we need a similar onestop function for the enhancer?
2013-11-22T19:49:55 * anvk joined the channel
2013-11-22T19:50:58 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the use case for that isn\'t so powerful
2013-11-22T19:51:07 <Bosmon> In what situation does an integrator just want to create an enhancer?
2013-11-22T19:51:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess it would be for those case where you have  single prefsEditor on your site, but each page needs to be enhanced.
2013-11-22T19:51:53 <Bosmon> Doesn\'t sound like a very powerful use case
2013-11-22T19:52:03 <Bosmon> Why would we have places where preferences are acted upon, but can\'t be adjusted?
2013-11-22T19:52:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes..at any rate we can come back to it if need be.. starting with this should hit the majority
2013-11-22T19:52:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i don\'t know if we will anymore.. not in the newer designs anyways.. but i think that was the idea of the full page variants before
2013-11-22T19:54:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s the new jira http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5222
2013-11-22T19:56:34 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-22T19:58:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: any thoughts on how to structure the options.. i guess there may be a distinction between options to the builder and those to the prefsEditor
2013-11-22T19:58:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: or do you think it would be better to just accept a subset of possible options
2013-11-22T19:59:07 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, there should be two options areas
2013-11-22T19:59:18 <Bosmon> Or even three, depending on whether there is an enhancer
2013-11-22T19:59:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: well there\'s always an enhancer.. :)
2013-11-22T19:59:33 <Justin_o> sometimes it
2013-11-22T19:59:41 <Justin_o> sometimes it\'s just empty, if you have no enactors
2013-11-22T20:00:29 <Justin_o> but those can be passed in to the prefsEditor since at this level it refers to the whole stack
2013-11-22T20:00:51 <Justin_o> perhaps there could be some renaming here since prefsEditor refers to both the stack and the UI portion
2013-11-22T20:00:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2013-11-22T20:01:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so anyways.. i image you are expecting something like fluid.prefs.create(".container", {build: {}, prefsEditor: {});
2013-11-22T20:01:59 * anvk has quit
2013-11-22T20:02:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - exactly, yes
2013-11-22T20:02:12 * anvk joined the channel
2013-11-22T20:02:42 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cool, that should be easy enough
2013-11-22T20:03:25 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-22T20:06:41 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-22T20:10:46 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2013-11-22T20:16:56 * mrvisser_ has quit
2013-11-22T20:16:59 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-22T20:18:52 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I think another fantastic antipattern is the WOLF TICKET ANTIPATTERN : P
2013-11-22T20:18:53 <Bosmon> http://sourcemaking.com/antipatterns/wolf-ticket
2013-11-22T20:18:57 * michelled joined the channel
2013-11-22T20:19:04 <Bosmon> It seems prettly clear that OAuth is one of these
2013-11-22T20:20:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is this true "Only 6 percent of information systems standards have test suites"
2013-11-22T20:20:34 <Bosmon> Sure
2013-11-22T20:20:39 <Bosmon> Where are the test suites for oauth?
2013-11-22T20:20:45 <Bosmon> I think by definition such a thing is impossible
2013-11-22T20:21:28 <Justin_o> you mean it\'s impossible to have tests for standards.. or specifically for OAuth
2013-11-22T20:21:41 <Bosmon> For Oauth in particular
2013-11-22T20:21:52 <Bosmon> Since the standard doesn\'t actually determine any particular behaviour
2013-11-22T20:22:10 <Justin_o> ah.. has that guy succeeded in making a replacement for it yet.. i remember watching that video you sent along before
2013-11-22T20:22:11 <Bosmon> WebGL is one of the few standards that have a test suite - but sadly, I don\'t think there is a single implementation which can pass them
2013-11-22T20:22:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :(
2013-11-22T20:22:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - he hasn\'t, he just has a scrappy "scratch" project in github with no docs :)
2013-11-22T20:22:57 <Justin_o> sounds like a good start ;)
2013-11-22T20:35:11 <cindyli> Bosmon: for the pull request for 5213: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/438, wonder if you have more suggestions on design.
2013-11-22T20:53:14 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-22T20:53:35 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'m changing things up to have a one-stop build and create function.. as part of this i have to generate a unique namespace so that we can run it multiple times.. it seems reasonable to mean that this should be the default behaviour of the prefsFramework.. so i have it working but the auxBuilder tests are broken.. would you be able to help me fix
2013-11-22T20:53:35 <Justin_o> them.
2013-11-22T20:54:20 <cindyli> sure, Justin_o, is it 5220 branch? or 5205?
2013-11-22T20:54:35 <Justin_o> cindyli: it\'s FLUID-5222
2013-11-22T20:54:47 <Justin_o> i\'ll have something pushed up in one minute
2013-11-22T20:54:49 <cindyli> ah ha. another one. ok, Justin_o
2013-11-22T20:59:05 <Justin_o> cindyli: yes.. another one.. it\'s pushed up in my FLUID-5222 branch
2013-11-22T20:59:36 <cindyli> got it
2013-11-22T20:59:56 <Justin_o> cindyli: great, thanks
2013-11-22T21:00:02 <cindyli> np
2013-11-22T21:00:20 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'m going to update the demos to use the new single build and init functions
2013-11-22T21:00:23 <Justin_o> function
2013-11-22T21:00:31 <cindyli> ok
2013-11-22T21:00:59 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-22T21:01:21 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-22T21:06:35 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-22T21:06:51 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-22T21:13:29 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'ve updated the manual tests..
2013-11-22T21:13:47 <cindyli> ok, thanks. still fixing aux builder
2013-11-22T21:13:48 * anvk has quit
2013-11-22T21:14:12 <cindyli> i mean the unit tests for aux builder
2013-11-22T21:17:22 <Justin_o> cindyli: this branch is based on master
2013-11-22T21:17:36 <Justin_o> cindyli: probably should have mentioned that earlier, so if things look different that\'s why
2013-11-22T21:17:56 <cindyli> ok
2013-11-22T21:28:47 <Justin_o> cindyli: how are things going.. i hope the changes i made make sense..
2013-11-22T21:29:50 <cindyli> getting close. why do we use a random string for namespace? to reduce the collision when 2 prefs editor on one page?
2013-11-22T21:30:55 <Justin_o> cindyli: yes.. basically.. and it\'s not good to call fluid.default on the same name more than once
2013-11-22T21:31:21 <Justin_o> cindyli: i have a startsWith function in the builder tests if that helps
2013-11-22T21:31:58 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'m going to head out now.. anything else before i go?
2013-11-22T21:33:25 <cindyli> Justin_o: unit tests are fixed and pushed up
2013-11-22T21:33:37 <Justin_o> cindyli: great thanks.. i\'ll file a pull request for it
2013-11-22T21:33:41 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2013-11-22T21:35:01 <Justin_o> cindyli: is github down for you
2013-11-22T21:35:06 <Justin_o> i can\'t seem to open my repos :(
2013-11-22T21:35:56 <Justin_o> cindyli: if you are able to, could you send the pull request for FLUID-5222
2013-11-22T21:36:01 <cindyli> i can
2013-11-22T21:36:07 <cindyli> sure, i can send the pull request
2013-11-22T21:36:11 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2013-11-22T21:36:15 <Justin_o> i just have bad luck i guess
2013-11-22T21:36:18 <cindyli> np. have a good weekend
2013-11-22T21:36:24 <Justin_o> thanks, you too
2013-11-22T21:36:36 <cindyli> save ur good luck for weekend then ;)
2013-11-22T21:36:44 <Justin_o> :)
2013-11-22T21:47:39 <cindyli> Bosmon: Justin_o added a one-stop function to build and instantiate the prefs editor. the jira for this is FLUID-5222. here\'s the pull request - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/440. can you review it when you have a chance? Thanks.
2013-11-22T21:47:48 <Bosmon> Thanks, cindyli
2013-11-22T21:47:58 <cindyli> np. thank YOU!
2013-11-22T21:48:37 <cindyli> btw, Bosmon, don\'t forget my pull request for 5213 - https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/438. thanks
2013-11-22T21:51:39 * clown has quit
2013-11-22T21:56:01 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-22T22:00:43 * greggy has quit
2013-11-22T22:10:15 * yzen has quit
2013-11-22T22:15:23 * anastasiac has quit
2013-11-22T22:21:46 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-22T22:32:21 * yzen has quit
2013-11-22T23:08:38 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-22T23:09:13 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-22T23:13:34 * mrvisser has quit
'

b'2013-11-22T16:08:51 <Justin_o> but this is for the components container..
2013-11-22T16:09:10 <Justin_o> specifically the sub panels container
2013-11-22T16:13:06 <Justin_o> cindyli1: i\'m drawing a blank.. I might have to talk to Bosmon about it
2013-11-22T16:14:31 <cindyli1> good idea, Justin_o. Bosmon - our life saver ;-)
2013-11-22T16:16:17 * anvk joined the channel
2013-11-22T16:17:10 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-22T16:21:14 <Justin_o> ;)
2013-11-22T16:21:19 <Justin_o> definitely
2013-11-22T16:23:36 <Justin_o> cindyli1: i think i have a work around... i don\'t know if Bosmon would approve of it or not
2013-11-22T16:24:11 <cindyli1> how?
2013-11-22T16:31:38 <Justin_o> cindyli1: something like this, but i\'ll change it around to work in the subpanl grade.
2013-11-22T16:31:39 <Justin_o> that.subPanel1.container = $(that.subPanel1.container.selector);
2013-11-22T16:31:39 <Justin_o> fluid.initDomBinder(that.subPanel1, that.subPanel1.selectors);
2013-11-22T16:34:29 <Justin_o> this example is from my test code where i\'m playing with it
2013-11-22T16:41:31 <Justin_o> michelled, yzen: stand up
2013-11-22T16:49:38 * cindyli1 has quit
2013-11-22T17:23:24 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-22T17:34:07 <michelled> Justin_o: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-108
2013-11-22T17:37:14 <michelled> Justin_o: I think that work should happen in its own repo
2013-11-22T17:53:08 * greggy has quit
2013-11-22T17:53:46 * michelled has quit
2013-11-22T17:55:25 * greggy joined the channel
2013-11-22T18:19:19 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, that is correct
2013-11-22T18:19:26 <Bosmon> You will need to recreate the DOM binder complete
2013-11-22T18:19:28 <Bosmon> ly
2013-11-22T18:20:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cool.. FLUID-5220 is basically done.. cindyli is just writing up a couple new tests. she\'s stepped out for a bit but that should be ready to go today at some point
2013-11-22T18:20:35 <Bosmon> Justin_o - very good!
2013-11-22T18:20:39 <Bosmon> What\'s the render time now?
2013-11-22T18:21:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: FLUID-5205 should be all ready now too.. i\'ve merged in anastasiac\'s instructional demos in
2013-11-22T18:21:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm. not sure, but they looked fast.. we have to do a build to get it running with that other sample code.. so i\'ve been holding off doing that
2013-11-22T18:22:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: looked fast in anastasiac\'s examples that is
2013-11-22T18:22:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-22T18:23:55 <Justin_o> cindyli: good timing.. welcome back..
2013-11-22T18:24:04 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'ve finished up my work for FLUID-5220
2013-11-22T18:24:10 <Justin_o> it\'s all pushed up into my branch now
2013-11-22T18:24:30 <cindyli> oh yay. thanks. i will merge in
2013-11-22T18:24:39 <Justin_o> thanks
2013-11-22T18:31:46 * danaayotte has quit
2013-11-22T18:32:23 <cindyli> Justin_o: the unit test for onDomBind is pushed up to my 5220 branch
2013-11-22T18:32:41 <Justin_o> cindyli: thanks
2013-11-22T18:32:45 <Justin_o> i\'ll pull that in and file a pull request
2013-11-22T18:32:46 <cindyli> np
2013-11-22T18:32:55 <cindyli> sounds good. thanks
2013-11-22T18:34:41 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-22T18:37:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the pull request for FLUID-5220 is also ready. https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/439
2013-11-22T18:37:37 <Bosmon> Thanks, Justin_o - quick work!
2013-11-22T18:37:43 <Justin_o> it includes the changes from the FLUID-5205 pull request, so that should probably go in first.
2013-11-22T18:37:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks.. hopefully it\'s up to par :)
2013-11-22T18:38:38 <Bosmon> I think somehow the diff view of FLUID-5205 has got stuck :(
2013-11-22T18:38:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: really
2013-11-22T18:38:56 <Bosmon> Oh wait, there it is, in the middle..
2013-11-22T18:39:47 <Bosmon> Justin_o, anastasiac - didn\'t we in the end make a "one stop shop" function which creates and invokes a preferences editor in a single operation?
2013-11-22T18:40:05 <Bosmon> It seems extremely unnatural to expect a "standard integrator" to call framework functions such as fluid.invokeGlobalFunction
2013-11-22T18:40:37 <anastasiac> ah, right, the builder does create a function that the integrator can invoke. We should use that in our demos
2013-11-22T18:40:42 * danaayotte joined the channel
2013-11-22T18:40:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: well the grade exists to be used as you\'d like.. we did something like that for uiOptions.. so we call fluid.uiOptions.prefsEditor i believe
2013-11-22T18:41:11 <anastasiac> the default grade name is not \xe2\x80\xa6 ideal
2013-11-22T18:41:14 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I very much doubt that "as you\'d like" includes arcana such as fluid.invokeGlobalFunction : P
2013-11-22T18:41:38 <Bosmon> The instructional demos should illustrate standard workflow
2013-11-22T18:41:50 <Bosmon> Which I imagine involves actually using the component you have defined : P
2013-11-22T18:41:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: some people might like to type out longs function names that they may not know how to use ;)
2013-11-22T18:43:01 <anastasiac> Justin_o, just double checking: it looks like the default namespace is "fluid.prefs.create" - is that right? so they\'d invoke "fluid.prefs.create.prefsEditor();"?
2013-11-22T18:43:12 <anastasiac> assuming they don\'t specify a namespace
2013-11-22T18:43:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it is a shame that we\'ve gotten the gpii folks into the habit of using this method.. these new demos should help them with that
2013-11-22T18:43:36 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i think that\'s correct
2013-11-22T18:43:39 <Justin_o> let me take a quick look
2013-11-22T18:44:03 <Justin_o> anastasiac: yes.. should be whatever the namespace is followed by prefsEditor
2013-11-22T18:45:08 <anastasiac> confirmed, that works, Justin_o. Do you want me to make this change to my branch and you can merge, or do you just want to do it?
2013-11-22T18:45:25 <Justin_o> i\'ll merge in your branch
2013-11-22T18:45:28 <Justin_o> anastasiac: ^
2013-11-22T18:45:35 <anastasiac> k
2013-11-22T18:47:41 * mrvisser_ joined the channel
2013-11-22T18:47:44 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-22T18:47:56 <anastasiac> Justin_o, pushed
2013-11-22T18:48:09 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks.. i\'ll update my branch
2013-11-22T18:49:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: FLUID-5205 has been updated with anastasiac\'s change
2013-11-22T18:56:13 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-22T18:56:26 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-22T18:56:49 * danaayotte has quit
2013-11-22T18:57:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: when you update tooltip for the new jQueryUI ... can you make sure that we can support custom content like http://jqueryui.com/tooltip/#custom-content
2013-11-22T18:58:07 * michelled joined the channel
2013-11-22T18:58:38 <Bosmon> Justin_o - ok
2013-11-22T18:58:47 <Bosmon> Could you add a note for that to our jQuery upgrade JIRA?
2013-11-22T18:58:57 <Bosmon> And - how bad is the contents of your branch? : P
2013-11-22T18:59:04 <Bosmon> Are there massive and widespread failures? : P
2013-11-22T18:59:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes.. that makes sense.. i\'ll add a note..
2013-11-22T18:59:27 <Bosmon> I noticed that we will need to adopt the use of a custom plugin since it seems that $.browser has been withdrawn
2013-11-22T18:59:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: no.. i think from what i remember it was only for things that used tooltip and tabs..
2013-11-22T18:59:40 <Bosmon> And, contrary to what the jQuery religion suggests, I don\'t believe it\'s practical to do without it
2013-11-22T19:00:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you don\'t think we can feature detect everything we need?
2013-11-22T19:00:30 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we certainly can\'t
2013-11-22T19:00:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m guessing they are relying more on things like modernizr
2013-11-22T19:01:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: when do you think you\'ll have a chance to look at that by the way... i think i\'m going to need the tooltip for the metadata work
2013-11-22T19:01:44 <Bosmon> I certainly appreciate the reasoning behind the elimination of browser detects, but for a practical person who actually wants things that work, many cases can\'t be eliminated
2013-11-22T19:01:55 <Bosmon> Especially where we find ourselves working around particular bugs in particular implementations
2013-11-22T19:02:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the solution to that is to drop support for that environment :)
2013-11-22T19:02:26 <Justin_o> if only we could do that
2013-11-22T19:02:30 <Bosmon> I just had to add another IE detection to my FLUID-5204 branch
2013-11-22T19:02:50 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I\'m not aware of any particular brower implementations that are free of bugs that need to be worked around : P
2013-11-22T19:03:14 <Bosmon> Although I guess Safari is close to being a "neutral" environment that doesn\'t bring too many of its own quirks to the engine
2013-11-22T19:03:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yeah for safari..
2013-11-22T19:03:37 <Justin_o> that\'s my personal browser of choice these days
2013-11-22T19:04:04 * anvk has quit
2013-11-22T19:05:31 * danaayotte joined the channel
2013-11-22T19:06:13 <Bosmon> Unfortunately nothing these days performs as well as Chrome
2013-11-22T19:06:19 <Bosmon> As we are seeing with your rendering tests
2013-11-22T19:06:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes.. it is pretty fast...
2013-11-22T19:07:30 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I can\'t understand the operation of the "fluid.prefs.create.prefsEditor" function that I see in the demo files now
2013-11-22T19:07:36 <Bosmon> Why doesn\'t it make reference to the operation of the builder?
2013-11-22T19:11:42 * danaayotte has quit
2013-11-22T19:17:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that is the grade that is created by the builder by default for a prefsEditor.
2013-11-22T19:17:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: an integrator could supply any namespace they\'d want though..
2013-11-22T19:17:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: does that make sense?
2013-11-22T19:20:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also i added a comment to FLUID-5185 about the tooltip upgrade http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5185#comment-24025
2013-11-22T19:26:44 * michelled has quit
2013-11-22T19:34:34 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I don\'t think it is desirable (the fixed grade)
2013-11-22T19:34:49 <Bosmon> There is still too much "magic" in this process
2013-11-22T19:35:13 <Bosmon> I think that what we should have is what was originally suggested, was a "one stop shop" method which defines and creates a preferences editor in one single operation
2013-11-22T19:35:23 <Bosmon> I think I\'ve been saying this repeatedly, but perhaps it hasn\'t been understood :)
2013-11-22T19:35:35 <Bosmon> And the editor should have a unique grade name each time, if one is not specified
2013-11-22T19:35:44 <Bosmon> As well as being more reliable, this will be even easier for the integrator
2013-11-22T19:35:58 <Bosmon> It\'s very important to not have a "things that go bump in the night" implementation
2013-11-22T19:36:12 <Bosmon> That is, a thing which requires you to a) first do this, and b) then do this other apparently unrelated thing
2013-11-22T19:36:37 <Bosmon> The fixed name "fluid.prefs.create.prefsEditor" should be removed as a fixed name used by the implementors
2013-11-22T19:39:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think we did talk this over before.. i\'m trying to remember the details though..
2013-11-22T19:40:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think one issue though is what you expect to get back.. so if it is something that runs a builder call internally, would you get the prefs editor back , or the builder, or a thing that includes a builder and a prefs editor
2013-11-22T19:40:41 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you would just get the prefs editor
2013-11-22T19:40:48 <Bosmon> The default user has no interest in the builder whatesolver
2013-11-22T19:40:52 <Bosmon> whatsoever
2013-11-22T19:41:17 <Bosmon> I would say that our current solution appears as a manifestation of the "POLTERGEIST ANTIPATTERN" : P
2013-11-22T19:41:18 <Bosmon> http://sourcemaking.com/antipatterns/poltergeists
2013-11-22T19:41:37 <Justin_o> i can\'t believe that\'s a real thing :)
2013-11-22T19:41:40 <Bosmon> hahahaha
2013-11-22T19:41:50 <Bosmon> It\'s quite an interesting book, although very old-fashioned
2013-11-22T19:42:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: cool.. maybe i\'ll take a look at it sometime
2013-11-22T19:43:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: anyways.. doesn\'t this break our convention where a component always returns itself
2013-11-22T19:43:38 <Bosmon> Justin_o - how is the user to know that our "build and create" function isn\'t a component?
2013-11-22T19:43:42 <Bosmon> It will look exactly like one
2013-11-22T19:43:51 <Bosmon> Given it takes i) a container, and ii) some options as an argument
2013-11-22T19:43:57 <Bosmon> And it returns a component
2013-11-22T19:44:02 <Bosmon> NOTHING COULD BE MORE LOGICAL : P
2013-11-22T19:44:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i guess what you are saying is that it isn\'t a component, but just a function
2013-11-22T19:44:37 <Justin_o> so you couldn\'t use it in say an IoC tree
2013-11-22T19:44:42 <Bosmon> The end user really doesn\'t care about whether "something is a component" or not, if they can call a function with a reasonable signature and get a component out of it
2013-11-22T19:44:43 <Justin_o> as you would a component
2013-11-22T19:44:46 <Bosmon> Right
2013-11-22T19:44:55 <Bosmon> But the end user in general doesn\'t care about that either
2013-11-22T19:45:08 <Bosmon> That is, the "particular kind of integrator" that we are targeting the instructional demos at
2013-11-22T19:45:24 <Bosmon> If they are at the level of sophistication where they care about whether they can use it in an IoC tree or not, we can point them at other documentation
2013-11-22T19:45:31 <Bosmon> but that already writes off 95% of our expected audience
'

b'2013-11-22T00:24:27 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-22T00:29:20 <cindyli> hi Bosmon
2013-11-22T00:29:40 <Bosmon> Hey cindyli :)
2013-11-22T00:29:47 <Bosmon> At home now?
2013-11-22T00:29:51 <cindyli> i\'m lucky :)
2013-11-22T00:29:55 <cindyli> ya at home
2013-11-22T00:30:00 <cindyli> a question about fluid.merge
2013-11-22T00:30:48 <cindyli> a test case: http://pastie.org/8499755
2013-11-22T00:31:52 <cindyli> Bosmon: rather than getting "expected", what i get is
2013-11-22T00:31:54 <cindyli> {
2013-11-22T00:31:54 <cindyli> "options": {
2013-11-22T00:31:54 <cindyli> "path": "undefined source1 source2"
2013-11-22T00:31:54 <cindyli> }
2013-11-22T00:31:54 <cindyli> }
2013-11-22T00:32:23 <Bosmon> cindyli - a lot depends on what is in fluid.tests.merge :)
2013-11-22T00:32:48 <cindyli> right, missed pasting that. one sec
2013-11-22T00:33:40 <cindyli> Bosmon: http://pastie.org/8499762
2013-11-22T00:34:31 <Bosmon> cindyli - you can always expect to be called with any number of instances of "undefined" with the current framework
2013-11-22T00:34:42 <Bosmon> You will just have to filter out "falsy" values yourself
2013-11-22T00:35:08 <cindyli> meaning, filter out "undefined" in fluid.tests.merge?
2013-11-22T00:35:31 <Bosmon> Yes, if either target or source is falsy, you should just return the other one
2013-11-22T00:36:06 <Bosmon> But why do you want this space-separated string in the first place?
2013-11-22T00:36:15 <cindyli> so, if i\'m using fluid.arrayConcatPolicy, which is provided by framework, i will need to create a wrapper function to filter out falsy ones?
2013-11-22T00:36:39 <Bosmon> arrayConcatPolicy will already ignore undefined values since they get converted to [] by fluid.makeArray
2013-11-22T00:38:07 <cindyli> of course, u r right. modified my unit test and it\'s proved. thanks, Bosmon
2013-11-22T00:38:23 <Bosmon> It is one of its main improvements
2013-11-22T00:38:32 <Bosmon> Compared to the idiotic $.makeArray which just crashes : p
2013-11-22T00:41:00 <cindyli> ah ha. certainly an useful improvement
2013-11-22T00:52:58 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-22T00:53:35 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-22T00:55:15 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2013-11-22T00:55:15 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-22T01:11:52 <cindyli1> Bosmon: your comments on pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/438 have been addressed. ready for more. :) thanks.
2013-11-22T01:15:48 <Bosmon> Thanks, cindyli1
2013-11-22T01:15:51 <Bosmon> The code itself looks good
2013-11-22T01:15:56 <cindyli1> yay!
2013-11-22T01:16:04 <Bosmon> but there is a bit of a gap between the description in the JIRA and the work which was done
2013-11-22T01:16:10 <Bosmon> Do you think you could improve the description a bit?
2013-11-22T01:16:23 <Bosmon> In particular, to describe the need for the "validationFunc" etc.
2013-11-22T01:16:32 <Bosmon> Since these seem well outside the scope of FLUID-5213 itself
2013-11-22T01:17:08 <cindyli1> sure. in action
2013-11-22T01:23:22 <Bosmon> Was there a call or a piratepad where this functionality was designed?
2013-11-22T01:23:27 <Bosmon> Or an email thread?
2013-11-22T01:48:49 <cindyli1> sorry, Bosmon, just saw ur msg. no, nothing in doc to decide on this design. all from my imagination. :) hope it\'s not a overkill
2013-11-22T01:49:19 <cindyli1> btw, the jira description has been modified. feel free to make changes
2013-11-22T01:52:00 * cindyli1 has quit
2013-11-22T01:53:16 * jhung has quit
2013-11-22T02:41:04 * avtar has quit
2013-11-22T04:02:27 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-22T04:03:31 * sgithens has quit
2013-11-22T05:30:45 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-22T07:12:08 * yzen has quit
2013-11-22T07:13:34 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-22T07:18:19 * yzen has quit
2013-11-22T07:53:22 * jhernandez joined the channel
2013-11-22T08:00:39 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-22T08:05:05 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-22T08:05:17 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-22T08:12:19 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-22T08:28:42 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-22T09:01:31 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-22T09:01:40 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-22T09:16:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2013-11-22T10:30:58 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-22T12:06:56 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:03:45 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-22T13:04:00 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:24:50 * mrvisser_ joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:25:04 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-22T13:26:21 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:27:18 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:28:05 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:28:23 * mrvisser_ has quit
2013-11-22T13:42:56 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:42:56 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-22T13:45:15 * michelled joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:45:24 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-22T13:51:32 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:54:34 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:56:39 <Justin_o> cindyli1: good morning
2013-11-22T13:56:40 * sgithens has quit
2013-11-22T13:56:48 <cindyli1> morning, Justin_o
2013-11-22T13:57:01 <Justin_o> cindyli1: i see you\'ve been talking to Bosmon
2013-11-22T13:57:10 <Justin_o> cindyli1: and your FLUID-5191 pull has been merged
2013-11-22T13:57:53 <cindyli1> ya
2013-11-22T13:58:24 <Justin_o> cindyli1: are you working on FLUID-5213 or waiting on Bosmon for code review
2013-11-22T13:58:49 <cindyli1> waiting on more code review. let me know if anything I can help with
2013-11-22T13:58:52 * greggy joined the channel
2013-11-22T13:59:09 <Justin_o> cindyli1:  are you working on anything in particular at the moment?
2013-11-22T13:59:55 <cindyli1> not really. Bosmon said the code itself looks good, i wonder if he has more suggestions on design
2013-11-22T14:00:19 <cindyli1> i mean the code for 5213
2013-11-22T14:03:33 * yzen has quit
2013-11-22T14:05:10 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-22T14:06:51 <Justin_o> cindyli1: ah yes.. i see that up there..
2013-11-22T14:07:01 <Justin_o> cindyli1: okay.. did you want to help me with FLUID-5220
2013-11-22T14:07:38 <cindyli1> sure, meantime, i\'m going thru the bug tracker for prefs framework to see if any other blockers
2013-11-22T14:07:50 <cindyli1> the only one left is: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5174
2013-11-22T14:07:52 <Justin_o> cindyli1: there are those 3 things i mentioned yesterday. 1) unit tests 2) updating all the panels 3) refactoring the composite panel
2013-11-22T14:08:13 <cindyli1> ok, carry on
2013-11-22T14:08:18 <Justin_o> that\'s it
2013-11-22T14:08:28 <Justin_o> cindyli1: i wonder if that one is related to the work in bosmon\'s last pull request
2013-11-22T14:09:12 <cindyli1> exactly, just tried one demo with ie8 and seems it\'s fixed. I will try others. if all works, will close that jira
2013-11-22T14:09:23 * yzen has quit
2013-11-22T14:10:04 * danaayotte joined the channel
2013-11-22T14:10:04 <cindyli1> Justin_o: let me know which one you\'d prefer me to pick up for 5220. should we skype to chat?
2013-11-22T14:10:57 <Justin_o> cindyli1: sure
2013-11-22T14:16:44 * clown joined the channel
2013-11-22T14:20:47 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-22T14:22:11 * anvk joined the channel
2013-11-22T14:22:49 <Justin_o> cindyli1: i forgot to put something gin the composite panel.. I need to actually have a function that refreshes the dom binder and that should trigger the onDomBind event.. it should still happen afterRender but there needs to be an intermediate process.. i\'ll work that in now and push up asap
2013-11-22T14:24:09 <cindyli1> thanks, Justin_o. i need some time to file a jira for an IE8 issue anyway. the good news is it\'s confirmed that 5174 is fixed
2013-11-22T14:24:40 <cindyli1> by Bosmon\'s fix on 5172
2013-11-22T14:25:57 <Justin_o> cindyli1: excellent
2013-11-22T14:32:14 * danaayotte has quit
2013-11-22T14:48:00 <Justin_o> cindyli1: forgot to tell you that i pushed up the change to the events already
2013-11-22T14:48:47 <cindyli1> cool. thanks, Justin_o
2013-11-22T14:49:41 <Justin_o> cindyli1: thanks.. hacking on the composite panel code now..
2013-11-22T14:50:37 <cindyli1> ok. btw, i created a new jira for ie8 issue: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5221 don\'t think it\'s a blocker
2013-11-22T14:51:22 <Justin_o> cindyli1: thanks.. i think the css isn\'t supported
2013-11-22T14:51:32 <cindyli1> ya
2013-11-22T15:02:41 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-11-22T15:04:30 * greggy has quit
2013-11-22T15:09:05 * greggy joined the channel
2013-11-22T15:14:13 * danaayotte joined the channel
2013-11-22T15:21:16 * [o__o] joined the channel
2013-11-22T15:23:07 * yzen has quit
2013-11-22T15:50:01 <Justin_o> cindyli1:  did you push up all the changes for your work on FLUID-5220?
2013-11-22T15:50:20 <cindyli1> nothing changed for (2), working on (1)
2013-11-22T15:50:27 <Justin_o> cindyli1: okay.. thanks
2013-11-22T15:50:33 <cindyli1> np
2013-11-22T15:51:13 <Justin_o> cindyli1: i think i\'m done my part of 3, except that i need to update the unit tests.. which i\'m going to work on now.
2013-11-22T15:51:57 <cindyli1> go ahead, Justin_o, i\'m working on a new unit test, not touching the ones already in there
2013-11-22T15:52:36 <Justin_o> cindyli1: great.. no collisions :)
2013-11-22T15:52:56 <cindyli1> :)
2013-11-22T15:56:31 <Justin_o> cindyli1:  i pushed up my code changes.. working on the tests now.. you may want to wait till your tests pass before merging mine in though.. in case my changes are buggy.
2013-11-22T15:56:50 <cindyli1> ok. thanks, Justin_o
2013-11-22T16:00:19 * anvk has quit
2013-11-22T16:01:04 <Justin_o> cindyli1: hmm.. there may be a problem with my code :(
2013-11-22T16:01:19 <cindyli1> oh, what\'s up
2013-11-22T16:01:30 <Justin_o> cindyli1:  the container is wrong
2013-11-22T16:01:40 <Justin_o> i wonder how i can rebind the container
2013-11-22T16:01:49 <Justin_o> for the subpanels
2013-11-22T16:01:54 <cindyli1> at the 2nd refreshView?
2013-11-22T16:02:07 <Justin_o> cindyli1: afterRender
2013-11-22T16:02:19 <Justin_o> so the container of the component is still pointing at the old container that had been removed from the markup
2013-11-22T16:02:52 <cindyli1> umm..
2013-11-22T16:06:25 <Justin_o> cindyli1: haha.. that\'s my thoughts too
2013-11-22T16:06:44 <cindyli1> :)
2013-11-22T16:07:38 <cindyli1> Justin_o: not clear DOM at the first afterRender?
2013-11-22T16:08:43 <Justin_o> cindyli1: no.. that clears the dom binders cache.. probably only really needed if there was a use of fastlocate
'

