b'2013-12-20T18:13:49 <Justin_o> colinclark: just saw it come in
2013-12-20T18:13:56 <Justin_o> i can take a look at that.. thanks for writing it up
2013-12-20T18:13:57 <colinclark> Any chance that someone can review and push this before we disappear\x08 for holidays?
2013-12-20T18:14:02 <colinclark> thanks!
2013-12-20T18:14:10 <colinclark> I want to link to the repo in anastasiac\'s Cloud4All report
2013-12-20T18:14:21 <colinclark> So I wanted to make sure we explained what it was
2013-12-20T18:20:47 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m having a similar problem with FLOE-125. The Audio template isn\'t showing up.
2013-12-20T18:21:14 <Justin_o> jhung: hmm.. we can pair up on that in a one minute if you like
2013-12-20T18:21:32 <jhung> sure ping me when you\'re ready Justin_o
2013-12-20T18:22:25 <Justin_o> colinclark, michelled, jhung, cindyli: I merged in the FLOE-132 pull request into the project repo
2013-12-20T18:22:34 <colinclark> thanks
2013-12-20T18:30:19 <Justin_o> colinclark: just saw your comments about linking the repo to anastasiac\'s C4A report.. will you need the nightly build rebuilt today after we get all our changes in?
2013-12-20T18:33:15 <colinclark> Nope, that\'s fine
2013-12-20T18:33:27 <colinclark> I\'m sure no one will actually read the report until the new year
2013-12-20T18:33:33 <colinclark> I just want to make sure everything is in place
2013-12-20T18:33:41 <colinclark> so as long as the nightly build builds nightly, we\'re cool
2013-12-20T18:34:01 <Justin_o> colinclark: as far as i know it does..
2013-12-20T18:34:08 <colinclark> ok, great
2013-12-20T18:34:54 <Justin_o> colinclark: but we haven\'t really gotten merges in fast enough and checked back frequently to know for sure.. well at least i don\'t know for sure, but i trust michelled and avtar to have it working
2013-12-20T18:34:58 * sgithens has quit
2013-12-20T18:35:11 <colinclark> met oo
2013-12-20T18:35:12 <colinclark> me too
2013-12-20T18:35:36 <Justin_o> funny.. i didn\'t even notice the typo there
2013-12-20T18:35:42 <avtar> michelled and i won\'t fail you
2013-12-20T18:36:55 <Justin_o> avtar: :)
2013-12-20T18:37:03 <jhung> I\'ve merged FLOE-115 and FLOE-125 into FLOE-128 and pushed it up. I\'m going to fix those styling issues with the View HTML page now Justin_o
2013-12-20T18:37:25 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks.. did you file a new pull request for FLOE128 too?
2013-12-20T18:37:59 <jhung> Not yet. waiting to get these changes pushed first.
2013-12-20T18:38:30 <Justin_o> anastasiac: it looks like we\'ve lost the docs for fluid.set you can see the link from fluid.get is dead http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/fluid.get
2013-12-20T18:38:44 <Justin_o> anastasiac: do you know if that was removed intentionally?
2013-12-20T18:39:26 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I suspect it never existed
2013-12-20T18:39:35 <anastasiac> i.e. hasn\'t been written yet
2013-12-20T18:39:40 <anastasiac> feel free ;-)
2013-12-20T18:39:41 <Justin_o> oh really
2013-12-20T18:39:53 <anastasiac> there\'s no such page in the 1.4 docs
2013-12-20T18:40:39 <anastasiac> and in 1.3, all there is is http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/Infusion13/Framework+Functions#FrameworkFunctions-fluid.set Justin_o
2013-12-20T18:43:54 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks.. how is this http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/fluid.set
2013-12-20T18:44:38 <anastasiac> Justin_o, you might want to double-check some of the cut-and-paste info :-)
2013-12-20T18:47:24 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks, is this better http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/fluid.set
2013-12-20T18:48:29 <anastasiac> you\'re still talking about evaluating in the parameters section; should be "writing" or "setting" or some such thing, Justin_o?
2013-12-20T18:53:31 <jhung> Justin_o, cindyli, michelled: I have sent a pull request for FLOE-128 https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/15
2013-12-20T18:56:44 * colinclark has quit
2013-12-20T19:11:48 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i was taking that to mean the evaluation of the EL path itself to an actual member that we would set
2013-12-20T19:12:07 <anastasiac> hm
2013-12-20T19:12:21 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2013-12-20T19:23:27 * jhung has quit
2013-12-20T19:24:26 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-20T19:31:01 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-12-20T19:38:12 * michelled has quit
2013-12-20T19:40:13 <cindyli> jhung: i made a comment in ur pull request about the extra ".eot" extension with \'fonts/floe-metadata.eot.eot\'. can u fix that
2013-12-20T19:46:00 * mrvisser has quit
2013-12-20T19:47:02 <jhung> cindyli: sure.
2013-12-20T19:47:16 <cindyli> thanks, jhung
2013-12-20T19:48:24 <jhung> cindyli: done.
2013-12-20T19:50:58 <jhung> Hi everyone, I came across this interesting set of images which explains the origin of common technology symbols (like the broken circle for power, and the flower icon on Apple keyboards). http://imgur.com/gallery/Lp0hn
2013-12-20T20:09:25 <jhung> cindyli: I\'m going to close FLOE-128 now.
2013-12-20T20:09:37 <jhung> Thanks for merging it.
2013-12-20T20:09:38 <cindyli> sure. go ahead. thanks, jhung
2013-12-20T20:10:46 <jhung> Wow. Jira is having issues? I can\'t close and when trying to resolve I get a disk space error? anyone else getting this? cindyli, Justin_o?
2013-12-20T20:11:17 <cindyli> i had the same issue, jhung, can you stop progress first?
2013-12-20T20:11:39 <jhung> Nope cindyli. I get "The JIRA server was contacted but has returned an error response. We are unsure of the result of this operation.
2013-12-20T20:11:39 <jhung> Close this dialog and press refresh in your browser"
2013-12-20T20:11:56 <cindyli> ah ha
2013-12-20T20:12:24 <jhung> avtar: feel free to pretend you didn\'t see my comments above.
2013-12-20T20:12:32 <jhung> :D
2013-12-20T20:13:56 <avtar> ?
2013-12-20T20:14:17 <avtar> which url?
2013-12-20T20:18:00 <jhung> http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-126 for example avtar
2013-12-20T20:18:37 <jhung> Try closing or resolving, and you get errors. Trying to resolve gives a more meaningful error.
2013-12-20T20:18:41 <jhung> Oh.
2013-12-20T20:18:52 <jhung> I just tried and it seems okay now. Did you do something Avtar?
2013-12-20T20:21:02 * yzen has quit
2013-12-20T20:23:07 <anastasiac> jhung, nice work on the metadata demo styling!
2013-12-20T20:24:10 <jhung> anastasiac: Thanks! Credit goes to the designers. :)
2013-12-20T20:28:42 <anastasiac> of which you are one, jhung
2013-12-20T20:28:52 <anastasiac> and the responsiveness is nice to see, too
2013-12-20T20:29:42 <jhung> anastasiac: yeah. Bootstrap helped a lot there. Makes me wonder how much longer it would have taken if we were to do it from scratch.
2013-12-20T20:30:17 <anastasiac> I\'ll have to look at the source, to help me learn Bootstrap
2013-12-20T20:31:47 <jhung> anastasiac: great. Let me know if there are any questions.
2013-12-20T20:32:05 <jhung> cindyli: can FLOE-125 be closed?
2013-12-20T20:32:26 <cindyli> yes, jhung
2013-12-20T20:33:47 <jhung> ok. I\'ll close that. After that I think the master Jira can be closed too - FLOE-111?
2013-12-20T20:36:54 <Justin_o> jhung: that\'s a good point.. we should do that
2013-12-20T20:37:39 <Justin_o> jhung: well there\'s a bunch of open sub issues for the parts we didn\'t get to..
2013-12-20T20:37:46 <Justin_o> i wonder if we should leave it open for those..
2013-12-20T20:37:48 <Justin_o> ?
2013-12-20T20:39:33 <jhung> hmmm\xe2\x80\xa6 but would that be useful? Perhaps we should re-title FLOE-111 to reference the demo in December 2013 (or "Iteration 1") and create a new Jira for Iteration 2 when it happens and adopt the orphans?
2013-12-20T20:39:37 <jhung> ^Justin_o
2013-12-20T20:53:01 <avtar> jhung: it should be fine for now. i cleared up some space on that vm but the fluid wiki\'s attachments are using the most space.
2013-12-20T20:53:14 <avtar> confluence and jira will just need to live on their own vms
2013-12-20T20:53:19 <avtar> i\'ll create an issue for that
2013-12-20T20:55:16 <jhung> thanks avtar.
2013-12-20T21:05:38 * cindyli has quit
2013-12-20T21:15:19 <jhung> Justin_o - we looking for the demo?
2013-12-20T21:25:55 <anastasiac> colinclark, other than a typo that didn\'t get autocorrected in section 1.3, your edits to the doc look good to me
2013-12-20T21:26:42 <anastasiac> thanks for improving the exec summary and intro sections, colinclark. Much better now
2013-12-20T21:32:48 * yzen joined the channel
2013-12-20T21:34:43 * anastasiac has quit
2013-12-20T21:36:27 * anvk has quit
2013-12-20T21:47:47 * yzen has quit
2013-12-20T22:08:59 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-12-20T22:37:34 * yzen joined the channel
2013-12-20T22:41:12 <jessm> a little light reading for a Friday night -- http://www.hastac.org/blogs/ari-schlesinger/2013/11/26/feminism-and-programming-languages
2013-12-20T22:46:23 * jhung has quit
2013-12-20T22:59:06 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2013-12-20T22:59:50 * jessm has quit
2013-12-20T23:08:09 * yzen has quit
2013-12-20T23:12:06 * clown has left the channel
2013-12-20T23:14:01 * avtar has quit
2013-12-20T23:16:33 * Bosmon7 joined the channel
2013-12-20T23:22:50 * colinclark has quit
2013-12-20T23:26:47 * Bosmon7 has quit
'

b'2013-12-20T00:16:58 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-20T00:24:29 * jhung has quit
2013-12-20T00:25:57 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-12-20T01:29:23 * kasparnet has quit
2013-12-20T01:53:11 * mrvisser has quit
2013-12-20T02:42:41 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-20T02:44:43 * jhung has quit
2013-12-20T03:03:48 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-12-20T03:10:04 * mrvisser has quit
2013-12-20T03:56:33 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-12-20T04:39:10 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-20T05:01:42 * jhung has quit
2013-12-20T05:34:30 * colinclark has quit
2013-12-20T05:55:44 * yzen joined the channel
2013-12-20T08:18:53 * yzen has quit
2013-12-20T09:35:38 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-12-20T09:37:56 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2013-12-20T10:16:06 * kasparne_ joined the channel
2013-12-20T10:17:44 * kasparnet has quit
2013-12-20T12:04:40 * kasparne_ has quit
2013-12-20T12:06:35 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-12-20T12:10:22 * amilchev joined the channel
2013-12-20T12:23:03 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-12-20T12:59:52 <amilchev> hi, Justin_o, just letting you know that I\'ve fired the two jiras we talked about yesterday - http://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-488 and http://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-489
2013-12-20T13:03:06 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-20T13:24:38 <Justin_o> amilchev: thank for filing those
2013-12-20T13:30:45 * kasparnet has quit
2013-12-20T13:32:00 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-12-20T13:47:59 <Justin_o> jhung: I replied to your comment on the pull request. We need that css file for the syntax highlighting
2013-12-20T13:48:32 <jhung> Justin_o: ok. I\'ll get to that today. I have 2 other styling issues to fix for FLOE-128.
2013-12-20T13:48:43 <Justin_o> jhung: okay.. thanks..
2013-12-20T13:50:54 * mrvisser has quit
2013-12-20T14:00:19 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-12-20T14:01:12 * jessm joined the channel
2013-12-20T14:02:15 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-12-20T14:08:29 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-12-20T14:21:42 * yzen joined the channel
2013-12-20T14:28:13 * cindyli has quit
2013-12-20T14:29:02 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-12-20T14:43:00 <jhung> Justin_o: I pushed up changes to FLOE-128
2013-12-20T14:43:14 <jhung> I\'m going to fix FLOE-130 now
2013-12-20T15:09:23 <Justin_o> jhung: great, thanks
2013-12-20T15:14:10 <Justin_o> yzen: the gpii/prefsEditors pull requests are ready for you
2013-12-20T15:14:11 * sgithens has quit
2013-12-20T15:15:22 <yzen> Justin_o: ok i will take a look today for sure thanks for reminding :)
2013-12-20T15:15:22 * michelled joined the channel
2013-12-20T15:16:40 <Justin_o> yzen: no problem, thank you
2013-12-20T15:17:59 * avtar joined the channel
2013-12-20T15:24:18 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-12-20T15:38:48 <anastasiac> hey, colinclark, thanks for the C4A template. Is this going to be a document that has nothing but our content in it? i.e. one Word doc per deliverable? or will this be combined with other reports?
2013-12-20T15:39:03 <colinclark> just our content
2013-12-20T15:39:14 <colinclark> we get our very own "deliverable!"
2013-12-20T15:39:21 <colinclark> such an honour
2013-12-20T15:39:24 <anastasiac> ok, thanks
2013-12-20T15:55:46 <jhung> Justin_o: How do I update Dana\'s pull request if she isn\'t here?
2013-12-20T15:56:03 * mrvisser has quit
2013-12-20T15:59:33 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-12-20T16:00:49 <Justin_o> jhung: is she around at all today?
2013-12-20T16:01:58 <jhung> Nope.
2013-12-20T16:08:50 * amilchev has quit
2013-12-20T16:12:14 <jhung> Justin_o: should I close the pull request, and resubmit once I\'ve done the changes?
2013-12-20T16:12:49 * clown joined the channel
2013-12-20T16:19:58 <Justin_o> jhung: yes.. that would work
2013-12-20T16:20:12 <Justin_o> jhung: just leave a not on the one you close and a link to the new one
2013-12-20T16:20:20 <jhung> alright I\'ll do that Justin_o
2013-12-20T16:25:45 <jhung> Justin_o, michelled, or cindyli: I submitted a pull request for FLOE-130. Can you please review? Thanks! https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/13
2013-12-20T16:33:08 <Justin_o> jhung: great, thanks.. are you all done the styling work now?
2013-12-20T16:33:19 <jhung> Justin_o:  yes
2013-12-20T16:34:18 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks.. we\'re getting close with the code changes too..
2013-12-20T16:34:51 * jhung cheers
2013-12-20T16:35:12 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-12-20T16:35:12 <jhung> Justin_o: great to hear! Let me know if there\'s anything I can do.
2013-12-20T16:36:34 <Justin_o> jhung: will do thanks.. how long will you be around today?
2013-12-20T16:37:52 <jhung> until about 3p Justin_o
2013-12-20T16:45:40 <cindyli> michelled: the pull request that integrates metadata panels with editor is ready again - https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/8. can you review when you have a chance. Thanks.
2013-12-20T16:45:53 * cindyli has quit
2013-12-20T16:48:45 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-12-20T17:11:15 <colinclark> anastasiac: I\'m just making a few change-tracked edits to your excellent C4A 202.2 document
2013-12-20T17:11:22 <colinclark> I\'m always impressed by the clarity of your prose
2013-12-20T17:11:48 <anastasiac> thanks, colinclark. Send it on whenever you\'re ready, and I\'ll incorporate the changes into the template version of the doc
2013-12-20T17:11:57 <colinclark> will do
2013-12-20T17:12:03 <anastasiac> colinclark, I\'m working on the "executive summary" next
2013-12-20T17:12:08 <colinclark> ah, great
2013-12-20T17:14:56 * jessm_ joined the channel
2013-12-20T17:15:48 * jessm has quit
2013-12-20T17:15:49 * jessm_ is now known as jessm
2013-12-20T17:19:32 * jessm_ joined the channel
2013-12-20T17:19:58 * jessm has quit
2013-12-20T17:19:58 * jessm_ is now known as jessm
2013-12-20T17:21:36 <Justin_o> jhung: for your FLOE-128 branch.. did you merge in any of the other pull request branches?
2013-12-20T17:24:13 <Justin_o> jhung: also it looks like our FLOE-128 branches have diverged.. i\'m going to guess that yours is the canonical one... so you might want to replace my pull request with yours
2013-12-20T17:26:53 <colinclark> anastasiac: This is a great paragraph for your executive summary...
2013-12-20T17:26:58 <colinclark> "The goals of our metadata efforts are to support content authors in creating accessibility metadata. We believe that accessibility should be a built-in, automatic part of the authoring process, not an afterthought. To that end, we are creating tools that can be incorporated into any content authoring system and built in to the authoring process."
2013-12-20T17:27:16 <anastasiac> can I just leave the summary at that, colinclark? ;-)
2013-12-20T17:27:22 <colinclark> lol
2013-12-20T17:27:32 <colinclark> it\'s pretty damned succinct and to the point
2013-12-20T17:28:23 <colinclark> I\'m quite sure this deliverable will end up being a model to many of the other project participants in terms of how to get to the point
2013-12-20T17:28:36 <colinclark> kasparnet can tell you stories about 150 page reports he\'s had to review
2013-12-20T17:29:50 <jhung> Justin_o: I pulled in cindyli\'s metadata integration branch at the start - I did not pull in any other branches.
2013-12-20T17:30:16 <jhung> Yes, my branch would be the canonical one. I\'ll close yours and submit mine.
2013-12-20T17:30:49 <jhung> FLOE-115 is the branch I was referring to Justin_o.
2013-12-20T17:30:53 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks..
2013-12-20T17:31:13 <Justin_o> jhung: also getting some merge conflicts when trying to integrate it with our other pull request branches
2013-12-20T17:31:46 <jhung> ok. which ones Justin_o?
2013-12-20T17:32:31 <Justin_o> jhung: i had been trying to create a test branch so it was with a combination of FLOE-125 and FLOE-115
2013-12-20T17:32:59 <anastasiac> colinclark, do I really have to restructure this document to include scope, innovation, methodology, results, etc?
2013-12-20T17:33:16 <colinclark> I think we can be pretty liberal with the template
2013-12-20T17:33:31 <anastasiac> good :-)
2013-12-20T17:33:39 <colinclark> If you want, I can send you the 105.1.1 report that I wrote
2013-12-20T17:33:44 <colinclark> Ignacio was the one who put it into the template
2013-12-20T17:34:00 <anastasiac> and colinclark, for the intro, they say "Make a reference to the Operational Objectives as described in the \xe2\x80\x98Objectives\xe2\x80\x99 section in the WP description of the DoW. If there is a Milestone associated to the deliverable, make also a reference to the Milestone and to the means of verification as described in the DoW." - Do I need that, and if so do you have the source doc I can reference?
2013-12-20T17:34:03 <colinclark> and as the technical-coordinator-by-proxy, he seemed fine to mess with the structure
2013-12-20T17:34:32 <colinclark> That sentence is almost incomprehensible, isn\'t it, anastasiac? :)
2013-12-20T17:34:34 <jhung> ok Justin_o I\'ll take a look at that.
2013-12-20T17:34:48 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2013-12-20T17:34:51 <anastasiac> not if you speak c4a-ese
2013-12-20T17:35:08 <colinclark> :)
2013-12-20T17:35:17 <colinclark> Let me send you this 105.1.1 document so you can use it as an example
2013-12-20T17:35:23 <anastasiac> ok, thanks
2013-12-20T17:35:35 <colinclark> and I\'ll send you the DOW as well
2013-12-20T17:37:01 <Justin_o> jhung: FLOE-130 seems to merge with the others fine
2013-12-20T17:38:46 <jhung> Justin_o: thanks.
2013-12-20T17:40:38 * michelled has quit
2013-12-20T17:41:44 * michelled joined the channel
2013-12-20T17:46:00 <Justin_o> jhung, cindyli, michelled: I\'ve merged in FLOE-130 into the project repo.
2013-12-20T17:46:30 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o, will update my pull requests
2013-12-20T17:46:35 <jhung> cindyli, Justin_o: I have successfully resolved the merge conflict with FLOE-115 and FLOE-128. However there appears to be an issue with the Captions template.
2013-12-20T17:46:50 <Justin_o> jhung: what\'s wrong?
2013-12-20T17:47:29 <jhung> After the Captions instructions, the language and URL fields do not appear. They are just empty <li></li> elements in the DOM.
2013-12-20T17:48:41 <Justin_o> jhung: sounds like we lost a class or something in the merge
2013-12-20T17:49:03 <jhung> Justin_o: that\'s what I\'m thinking. I\'m looking at captionsPanel.js now.
2013-12-20T17:49:29 <Justin_o> jhung: did you push up your changes yet?
2013-12-20T17:50:11 <jhung> Justin_o: I can push up the changes with merging FLOE-115 but has the above mentioned bug.
2013-12-20T17:50:18 <Justin_o> jhung: are you getting any errors?
2013-12-20T17:50:27 <Justin_o> jhung: did you want to screen share for a bit?
2013-12-20T17:51:07 <jhung> sure Justin_o
2013-12-20T17:51:41 <cindyli> jhung: i pushed more for FLOE-115, can you update, merge and try again
2013-12-20T18:03:24 <jhung> ok cindyli
2013-12-20T18:05:44 <jhung> yay cindyli that works.
2013-12-20T18:06:05 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m going to push what I have and then merge FLOE-125
2013-12-20T18:06:05 <Justin_o> jhung: is it just me or is the colour of the markup viewer page and the metadata page different?
2013-12-20T18:06:27 <jhung> Justin_o: yes it is. :)
2013-12-20T18:06:38 <Justin_o> jhung:  is that intentional?
2013-12-20T18:06:39 <jhung> that\'s dayotte_\'s FLOE-130 changes
2013-12-20T18:07:30 <Justin_o> jhung: the spacing between the between fl and oer is also different on the two pages
2013-12-20T18:08:58 <jhung> Justin_o: you\'re right. I\'ll take a look at that
2013-12-20T18:10:27 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2013-12-20T18:13:33 <colinclark> Hey michelled or Justin_o, I made a pull request
2013-12-20T18:13:36 <colinclark> I wish it were code
2013-12-20T18:13:37 <colinclark> https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/14
'

