b'2013-11-20T15:43:23 <anastasiac> Bosmon, Justin_o, should I move them to the manual tests folder before a pull request?
2013-11-20T15:43:31 <anastasiac> Justin_o, maybe this afternoon?
2013-11-20T15:43:40 <Justin_o> anastasiac: oh great thanks..
2013-11-20T15:43:47 <Bosmon> I think that\'s reasonable
2013-11-20T15:43:56 <Bosmon> Let me poll colinclark if he has an ear....
2013-11-20T15:44:05 <anastasiac> I\'ll do this under 5205 for now; make sense, Justin_o?
2013-11-20T15:45:35 <Justin_o> anastasiac: seems reasonable to me
2013-11-20T15:46:23 <Bosmon> anastasiac - perhaps you could write a JIRA explaining the goals of the "PFID" and how we can measure if they have been achieved
2013-11-20T15:46:35 * michelled has quit
2013-11-20T15:46:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: did you get a chance to look at the jQuery UI upgrade..i think you had wanted to change the tooltip and tabs components in the process
2013-11-20T15:47:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I didn\'t look at it yet
2013-11-20T15:47:05 <Bosmon> Is there any significant breakage?
2013-11-20T15:47:19 <Bosmon> I think only the tooltip needed particular improvement
2013-11-20T15:47:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: only that they don\'t work and through errors, if i remember correctly :)
2013-11-20T15:47:28 <Bosmon> To account for the new capability of updating a tooltip contents
2013-11-20T15:48:41 * jhernandez has quit
2013-11-20T15:48:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: if you are interested you can look at what i\'ve started in this branch https://github.com/jobara/infusion/tree/FLUID-5185
2013-11-20T15:49:16 <Justin_o> it has Qunit updated and the new jQuery UI + plugins, but doesn\'t fix the tooltip and tabs components yet
2013-11-20T15:50:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i had been thinking of trying to create a generic jQuery UI wrapper component.. but haven\'t gotten to that yet.
2013-11-20T15:50:39 <Justin_o> although i\'d guess your changes to tooltip would likely go beyond that
2013-11-20T15:50:56 <Bosmon> Justin_o - we already have the "that-ist bridge" : P
2013-11-20T15:51:06 <Bosmon> But I think any wrappers we make had best be done by hand
2013-11-20T15:51:16 <Bosmon> We could create a declarative scheme for automating this a bit
2013-11-20T15:51:21 <Bosmon> But there\'s no substitute for THOUGHT in this area
2013-11-20T15:51:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. :) that makes sense...
2013-11-20T15:52:11 * greggy has quit
2013-11-20T15:53:06 * vjoanna joined the channel
2013-11-20T16:00:06 <anastasiac> Bosmon, Justin_o, I\'ve created two JIRAs related to instructional demos: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5215 which is the umbrella issue that describes the overall goal, and http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5216 which is a sub-task specific to the prefs framework. The idea is that we\'d create other sub-tasks for each component, etc. Let me know if you think these JIRAs describe things adequately
2013-11-20T16:00:18 * greggy joined the channel
2013-11-20T16:06:27 <Justin_o> anastasiac: they look good to me
2013-11-20T16:17:52 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-20T16:25:02 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-20T16:25:10 <anastasiac> Justin_o and Bosmon, I\'ve filed another JIRA that we might discuss this afternoon as part of the instructional demos discussion: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5217
2013-11-20T16:26:34 <Justin_o> anastasiac: makes sense.. could be a factor for the build scripts too
2013-11-20T16:26:59 <anastasiac> good point
2013-11-20T16:27:38 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I\'ve added a comment about that to the JIRA
2013-11-20T16:35:15 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-20T16:35:44 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks
2013-11-20T16:48:23 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T16:48:45 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T16:50:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  would you mind taking a look at my FLUID-5214 pull request.. should be really easy to review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/436
2013-11-20T16:53:56 * amilchev has left the channel
2013-11-20T17:08:54 * michelled joined the channel
2013-11-20T17:15:21 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-20T17:17:15 * greggy has quit
2013-11-20T17:24:31 * michelled_ joined the channel
2013-11-20T17:25:36 * michelled has quit
2013-11-20T17:25:36 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2013-11-20T17:26:34 * greggy joined the channel
2013-11-20T17:27:36 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-20T17:28:16 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-20T17:29:49 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-20T17:30:58 * jhung has quit
2013-11-20T17:33:05 * jhung joined the channel
2013-11-20T17:38:18 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-11-20T17:38:31 <jhung> anastasiac, jessm, danaayotte, vjoanna: Ready to chat Metadata authoring?
2013-11-20T17:38:51 <vjoanna> jhung: yep
2013-11-20T17:39:14 <danaayotte> ready
2013-11-20T17:39:16 <anastasiac> getting Skype running
2013-11-20T17:48:07 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-20T18:00:56 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T18:07:19 * michelled_ joined the channel
2013-11-20T18:08:29 * mrvisser_ joined the channel
2013-11-20T18:09:09 * michelled has quit
2013-11-20T18:09:09 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2013-11-20T18:10:07 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-20T18:13:40 <jhung> jessm, anastasiac I sent you both invites to the meeting. Let me know if you get anything.
2013-11-20T18:14:00 <anastasiac> jhung, email?
2013-11-20T18:14:14 <jhung> Possibly anastasiac? check ocadu address.
2013-11-20T18:14:46 <anastasiac> nothing anywhere yet
2013-11-20T18:17:11 * jhung has quit
2013-11-20T18:18:04 * jhung joined the channel
2013-11-20T18:26:46 * greggy has quit
2013-11-20T18:27:13 * greggy joined the channel
2013-11-20T18:41:22 <Bosmon> Justin_o - FLUID-5214 is in
2013-11-20T18:56:15 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-20T19:04:06 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T19:10:21 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T19:21:21 * jhung1 joined the channel
2013-11-20T19:25:12 * jhung has quit
2013-11-20T19:31:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2013-11-20T19:33:44 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-20T19:37:48 * yzen has quit
2013-11-20T19:41:18 <Justin_o> fluid-everyone: would anyone like to join the community meeting remotely today?
2013-11-20T19:44:39 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o
2013-11-20T19:44:48 * anastasiac has quit
2013-11-20T19:45:01 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-11-20T19:45:28 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hello
2013-11-20T19:45:41 <anastasiac> fluid-everyone: michelled has brought some lovely loukoumades for the Community Meeting this afternoon, for those of you in the office in TO
2013-11-20T19:46:23 <Bosmon> wow
2013-11-20T19:47:01 <anastasiac> sorry, Bosmon
2013-11-20T19:47:31 <Bosmon> I will have to make do with my day-old sushi : P
2013-11-20T19:47:50 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-20T19:48:55 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-20T19:51:01 <anastasiac> michelled, are you going to be able to join us today?
2013-11-20T19:53:41 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-20T19:56:53 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T19:57:46 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T19:58:04 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T19:58:36 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T19:58:45 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T20:05:45 <Justin_o> https://www.piratepad.ca/p/instructional_demos
2013-11-20T20:12:03 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-20T20:13:35 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-20T20:13:49 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-20T20:14:48 * mrvisser_ has quit
2013-11-20T20:24:34 <Justin_o> http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Docs+Sprint+Planning
2013-11-20T20:37:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s the 1.4 version http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/Infusion14/Demand+Resolution
2013-11-20T21:02:21 * michelled has quit
2013-11-20T21:03:42 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-20T21:12:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  here\'s the start of my changes to how IoC works page... hope it\'s starting out okay :) http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/How+to+Use+Infusion+IoC
2013-11-20T21:13:03 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-20T21:13:22 * anastasiac has quit
2013-11-20T21:13:27 <Bosmon> Thanks, Justin_o
2013-11-20T21:15:58 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-11-20T21:16:33 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-20T21:19:18 * michelled joined the channel
2013-11-20T21:42:07 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-20T21:49:03 * clown has left the channel
2013-11-20T21:51:37 * anvk has quit
2013-11-20T21:55:02 * jhung1 has quit
2013-11-20T21:55:36 * greggy has quit
2013-11-20T22:05:55 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T22:06:05 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T22:15:11 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-20T22:21:34 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T22:33:57 * jessm has quit
2013-11-20T22:36:19 * sgithens has quit
2013-11-20T22:39:24 * anastasiac has quit
2013-11-20T22:40:32 * michelled has quit
2013-11-20T22:46:13 * mrvisser_ joined the channel
2013-11-20T22:46:35 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-20T23:23:38 * danaayotte has quit
'

b'2013-11-20T00:47:41 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-11-20T01:30:19 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T01:35:07 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T01:55:50 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T02:08:03 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T02:20:59 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T02:23:20 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T02:23:52 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T03:16:08 * sgithens has quit
2013-11-20T04:27:38 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-20T07:27:43 * yzen has quit
2013-11-20T07:36:08 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T08:08:52 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T08:20:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-20T08:30:12 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-20T09:08:04 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-20T09:19:19 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-11-20T09:25:44 * jhernandez joined the channel
2013-11-20T09:31:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T09:50:01 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-20T09:51:34 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-20T10:10:01 * jhernandez has quit
2013-11-20T10:15:22 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T10:15:22 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-20T10:34:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T10:50:54 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-20T10:52:39 * jhernandez joined the channel
2013-11-20T10:58:56 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T10:59:22 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T11:02:19 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-20T11:02:35 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T11:07:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T11:09:11 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-20T11:19:43 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T11:21:59 * thealphanerd_ joined the channel
2013-11-20T11:22:27 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T11:22:27 * thealphanerd_ is now known as thealphanerd
2013-11-20T11:26:44 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-11-20T11:59:04 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-20T12:03:59 * jhernandez has quit
2013-11-20T12:41:46 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-20T12:59:44 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-20T12:59:54 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-20T13:01:13 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-11-20T13:14:01 * jhernandez joined the channel
2013-11-20T13:26:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T13:28:13 * amilchev joined the channel
2013-11-20T13:32:37 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T13:36:18 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T13:39:31 * jhung joined the channel
2013-11-20T13:40:54 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-20T13:41:01 * jhernandez has quit
2013-11-20T13:41:52 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-20T13:48:04 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:00:33 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T14:03:46 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:05:03 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:12:30 * michelled joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:12:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: do you have a chance to look over FLUID-5205 again? https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/433
2013-11-20T14:15:37 * jhernandez joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:15:59 * yzen has quit
2013-11-20T14:22:33 * greggy joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:27:59 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T14:29:57 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:33:58 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:38:44 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:40:25 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T14:43:47 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:48:21 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o - apart from one very small comment, it seems ok
2013-11-20T14:48:33 <Bosmon> But perhaps you could talk more about your "renderOnPreference" issue
2013-11-20T14:48:48 <Justin_o> which issue was that again?
2013-11-20T14:49:58 <Bosmon> You commented in the test, "@amb26 I am using the renderOnPreference option to indicate which preference to base the creation and destruction of the sub panel on. I would have preferred to have put this up one level so that it was the configuration to the composite panel for when to create it. "
2013-11-20T14:50:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah yes.. that one..
2013-11-20T14:50:19 <Bosmon> The issue is a bit unclear
2013-11-20T14:50:21 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T14:50:22 <Bosmon> Could you explain it more fully?
2013-11-20T14:50:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i had wanted renderOnPreference to be at the same level as createOnEvent
2013-11-20T14:50:53 <Justin_o> but the options you can specify there are restricted
2013-11-20T14:51:08 <Justin_o> so i had to move it down into the components own options
2013-11-20T14:51:14 <Bosmon> ok
2013-11-20T14:51:17 <Justin_o> the sub panels own options that is
2013-11-20T14:51:29 <Bosmon> Why would you want it further up?
2013-11-20T14:51:51 <Justin_o> it just seemed like a more suitable space since it does something similar to createOnEvent
2013-11-20T14:52:00 <Justin_o> brb.. going for coffee walk
2013-11-20T14:52:02 <Bosmon> ok
2013-11-20T14:52:13 * jessm joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:52:14 <Bosmon> Well, you don\'t get to put your own options at the higher level : P
2013-11-20T14:52:21 <Bosmon> But I was wondering about the comment about the dynamic grade
2013-11-20T14:53:10 * anvk joined the channel
2013-11-20T14:53:51 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T15:00:25 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T15:01:05 * danaayotte joined the channel
2013-11-20T15:04:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T15:06:41 * jhernandez has quit
2013-11-20T15:08:35 * jhernandez joined the channel
2013-11-20T15:09:32 * clown joined the channel
2013-11-20T15:11:48 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T15:15:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you mean in regards to the same issue?
2013-11-20T15:15:51 <Bosmon> yes
2013-11-20T15:18:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: well i was going to change the argument map so that i could add the option at the higher level.. the only place that seemed appropriate for this was in the subpanel base grade, but this is supplied dynamically so would happen to late.
2013-11-20T15:21:10 <Bosmon> Oh, I see
2013-11-20T15:21:17 <Bosmon> Ok, I wouldn\'t worry about that
2013-11-20T15:21:30 <Bosmon> I think the pull looks ok
2013-11-20T15:21:35 <Bosmon> What is necessary in order to test it?
2013-11-20T15:23:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon:  Unfortunately we don\'t have any demos of this functionality. We do have unit tests which you can run through.. i\'d suggest at least the panels, auxbuilder, and builder tests.. if not all of the preference framework ones.. also you might want to run through one of the demos just to make sure nothing else broke in the process.. the UIO one and/or the
2013-11-20T15:23:29 <Justin_o> manual tests.
2013-11-20T15:23:59 <Justin_o> Bosmon: anastasiac also has some test code she\'s been working with for instructional demos, you might be able to grab those from her as well
2013-11-20T15:24:18 <Bosmon> Justin_o - could this test code be worked up into some manual tests?
2013-11-20T15:24:28 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-20T15:25:21 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-20T15:25:43 <Bosmon> The report that "anastasiac was unable to break it" that I heard from michelled is promising, but it is proper to have something clearer
2013-11-20T15:25:58 <anastasiac> Bosmon and Justin_o, I was actually hoping to discuss the idea of instructional demos at the community meeting this afternoon; we came up with the idea a long time ago, but never followed through
2013-11-20T15:26:11 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'ve tried to capture them into the unit tests
2013-11-20T15:26:12 <anastasiac> they could serve as both instruction and test case
2013-11-20T15:26:41 <Bosmon> anastasiac - that sounds promising
2013-11-20T15:26:54 <Bosmon> Especially if they are committed into the main repository :)
2013-11-20T15:26:56 <anastasiac> Bosmon, will you be joining the community meeting today?
2013-11-20T15:27:01 <Bosmon> yes
2013-11-20T15:27:15 <anastasiac> excellent; why don\'t we discuss it then?
2013-11-20T15:27:51 <Bosmon> cool
2013-11-20T15:28:53 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-20T15:30:25 <anastasiac> Bosmon, the code that Justin_o was referring to is here:  https://github.com/acheetham/infusion/tree/PFID/src/instructionalDemos/framework/preferences/compositeSchemas
2013-11-20T15:30:56 <anastasiac> Bosmon, be warned, it\'s not yet "master" worthy! It\'s just my poking and exploring, so that I can understand enough to document it.
2013-11-20T15:31:55 <Bosmon> What does "PFID" stand for?
2013-11-20T15:32:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: just looking at your comment on FLUID-5205, what is the problem with the alwaysFlag exactly?
2013-11-20T15:32:35 <Bosmon> Justin_o - well, it defines a value that is used once, and only defines it privately
2013-11-20T15:32:40 <Bosmon> So it doesn\'t seem to serve a purpose
2013-11-20T15:33:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it\'s used for the check on line 251
2013-11-20T15:33:22 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes - that counts as being used once :)
2013-11-20T15:33:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. i guess it was there to make changing easier, but we can drop it and just use the string in the conditional check
2013-11-20T15:34:56 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-20T15:35:02 <anastasiac> Bosmon: prefs framework instructional demos
2013-11-20T15:35:31 <anastasiac> Bosmon, if we decide to formalize this, we\'ll create a JIRA and I\'ll put it in a proper branch :-)
2013-11-20T15:36:39 <Bosmon> anastasiac - why would we have any work without a JIRA? : P
2013-11-20T15:36:47 <Bosmon> "consider it formalised" : P
2013-11-20T15:37:13 <anastasiac> so no need to discuss whether or not to add instructional demos to master in the meeting this afternoon?
2013-11-20T15:37:34 <Bosmon> Well, we can certainly discuss it
2013-11-20T15:37:42 <Bosmon> But I think that anything that we spend time on deservers a JIRA
2013-11-20T15:37:47 <Bosmon> deserves
2013-11-20T15:38:19 <Bosmon> Certainly, anything we spend as significant a time on as it looks like you have
2013-11-20T15:38:45 * kasparnet has quit
2013-11-20T15:39:16 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i just updated the FLUID-5205 branch to address your last comment
2013-11-20T15:40:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - thanks - I consider it "ready to go" subject to the issue of having anastasiac\'s demos integrated with it
2013-11-20T15:40:30 <Justin_o> Bosmon: interesting.. so we will need to merge in anastasiac demo first
2013-11-20T15:41:07 <Bosmon> We certainly shouldn\'t have something that "has the moral force of test cases" which doesn\'t actually accompany the code
2013-11-20T15:41:57 <Bosmon> It appears that from my informal discussions with people, anastasiac\'s code has a substantial effect in convincing people that your implementation is correct : P
2013-11-20T15:42:33 <anastasiac> Well, I\'m fine if you want to merge the branch, but it probably wouldn\'t pass a code review at this point. You might want to give me a bit of time to tidy it up :-)
2013-11-20T15:42:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. i guess we can make them manual tests for now and then move them to instructional demos post that discussion.. does that sound okay to you too anastasiac
2013-11-20T15:43:01 <Bosmon> anastasiac - cool - let me know when you\'re happy for me to look it over
2013-11-20T15:43:18 <Justin_o> anastasiac: when do you think it might be ready to go?
'

