b'2013-11-29T00:16:53 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-29T00:18:06 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-29T00:44:03 * vjoanna has quit
2013-11-29T00:58:03 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-29T02:02:40 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-29T04:44:04 * yzen has quit
2013-11-29T07:47:23 * greggy1 joined the channel
2013-11-29T07:49:41 * greggy has quit
2013-11-29T08:32:23 * jhernand1z joined the channel
2013-11-29T08:35:58 * jhernandez has quit
2013-11-29T08:55:40 * jhernand1z is now known as jhernandez
2013-11-29T09:34:37 * scott_gonzalez_ joined the channel
2013-11-29T09:35:39 * JASIGLogBot has quit
2013-11-29T09:35:39 * scott_gonzalez has quit
2013-11-29T09:35:39 * scott_gonzalez_ is now known as scott_gonzalez
2013-11-29T09:44:30 * JASIGLogBot joined the channel
2013-11-29T09:44:33 * NOTICE: #fluid-work is being logged to: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/fluid-work+IRC+Logs
2013-11-29T11:57:17 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-29T12:06:13 * jhung joined the channel
2013-11-29T13:25:49 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-29T13:43:51 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-29T13:47:52 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-29T13:49:14 * amilchev joined the channel
2013-11-29T14:01:05 * yzen has quit
2013-11-29T14:08:38 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-11-29T14:22:32 * anvk joined the channel
2013-11-29T14:33:07 <jhung> cindyli, Justin_o: were you two going to do Metadata tasking today? Mind if I join?
2013-11-29T14:35:20 <cindyli> certainly, jhung, will ping you.
2013-11-29T14:35:33 <jhung> cool thanks.
2013-11-29T14:36:07 <amilchev> hi Justin_o, how are you? I\'ve cloned the repo fluid-project\xc2\xa0/\xc2\xa0prefsEditors and currently going through the new implementation technique - it\'s cool!  I\'m starting to update my pull request now :)
2013-11-29T14:38:28 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-11-29T14:38:37 * clown joined the channel
2013-11-29T14:40:43 <Justin_o> amilchev: :) that\'s great.. I\'ll talk to you yzen today again about getting that pushed up to the gpii/prefsEditors repo.. let us know how things go.
2013-11-29T14:40:53 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-29T14:41:11 <Justin_o> yzen: can you please look at https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/pull/11
2013-11-29T14:41:25 <yzen> yes i am going to in the am
2013-11-29T14:41:35 <amilchev> sure I\'ll do, Justin_o
2013-11-29T14:41:47 <Justin_o> thanks
2013-11-29T14:46:12 <Justin_o> cindyli: are you changes for the videoPlayer ready to go in, minus the schema stuff
2013-11-29T14:47:15 <cindyli> Justin_o: not yet, need to make sure mammals demo and unit tests still work :)
2013-11-29T14:48:30 <Justin_o> cindyli: I was talking to michelle a bit this morning.. if that is ready we can try to get it in and file the schema work as a separate jira.. at least that way it will be usable for metadata work
2013-11-29T14:48:49 <cindyli> sounds good, Justin_o
2013-11-29T14:49:03 <Justin_o> cindyli: and we can move on to metadata work right away. We\'ll come back to the schema stuff when we have more time.
2013-11-29T14:49:16 <cindyli> ok
2013-11-29T14:52:29 * anastasiac has left the channel
2013-11-29T14:52:36 <cindyli> Justin_o: did you resolve the conflict with the build script at merging video player branch with the master?
2013-11-29T14:52:42 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-11-29T14:52:42 <Justin_o> cindyli: yes
2013-11-29T14:52:55 <Justin_o> cindyli: also looks like there already is a jira for using schemas with the video player
2013-11-29T14:52:59 <Justin_o> http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/VP-315
2013-11-29T14:53:05 <cindyli> nice
2013-11-29T14:54:59 * Jess_ joined the channel
2013-11-29T15:11:19 <Justin_o> cindyli, jhung: ready to do some tasking?
2013-11-29T15:11:30 <cindyli> yes
2013-11-29T15:11:41 <jhung> Justin_o: give me 5 mins?
2013-11-29T15:12:28 * jhung has quit
2013-11-29T15:16:33 * jhung1 joined the channel
2013-11-29T15:17:46 <jhung1> cindyli, Justin_o: I\'m uploading the design to the wiki so we can use that to task.
2013-11-29T15:17:59 <Justin_o> jhung1: thanks that\'s helpful
2013-11-29T15:48:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-29T15:49:21 * michelled joined the channel
2013-11-29T15:59:11 * amilchev has left the channel
2013-11-29T15:59:43 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-29T16:08:20 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-29T16:22:07 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-29T16:27:32 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-29T16:37:45 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-29T16:38:30 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-29T16:49:15 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-29T17:06:32 <anastasiac> Justin_o, here\'s a link to the conditional sub panels docs. Please double-check it before passing it on to the GPII folks :-)  http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Conditional+Subpanels
2013-11-29T17:12:26 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-29T17:13:30 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-29T17:19:25 <Justin_o> anastasiac: thanks.. i\'ll take a look over it now
2013-11-29T17:24:02 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'m don\'t think this is true "Note every always panel must control a conditional subpanel." Did this come out of something you found in your tests?
2013-11-29T17:24:56 <anastasiac> ah, good catch, Justin_o; that\'s a typo. It should say "Not every always panel\xe2\x80\xa6" Does that sound more right?
2013-11-29T17:25:12 <Justin_o> anastasiac: yes.. that\'s better :)
2013-11-29T17:26:13 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i\'ve updated the page to reflect that change.. everything else looked good
2013-11-29T17:26:27 <anastasiac> thanks, Justin_o
2013-11-29T17:29:42 <Bosmon> It appears to describe a thing known as a "shema"
2013-11-29T17:29:58 <Bosmon> Perhaps this is a typo for that legendary British historian, Simon SCHAMA
2013-11-29T17:30:18 <anastasiac> Bosmon, thanks for reviewing the documentation :-)
2013-11-29T17:30:49 <anastasiac> Perhaps Justin_o could fix that, since he apparently has the page open in edit mode
2013-11-29T17:30:53 <Justin_o> anastasiac: done
2013-11-29T17:35:59 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-29T17:40:13 <Justin_o> jhung1: i\'ve created this as an umbrella jira for the tasks we mentioned today. I\'ll add some more specific jiras underneath of it. I\'ve put a link to the designs you have on the wiki, please update it as needed. http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-111
2013-11-29T17:40:51 <jhung1> thanks Justin_o. Hopefully will have updates for that soon.
2013-11-29T17:41:01 <Justin_o> jhung1: thanks
2013-11-29T17:56:20 <Justin_o> cindyli, jhung1: here are the metadata demo jiras.. please feel free to update them as necessary. http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-111
2013-11-29T17:57:15 <cindyli> looks very organized. thanks, Justin_o
2013-11-29T18:05:53 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-29T18:08:02 <Justin_o> The tasks are ordered by priority on this page, i\'ll update the priorities of the jiras too http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Floe+Iteration+Plan
2013-11-29T18:13:03 <michelled> Justin_o: that page is looking good. One more task to add: Setup a nightly build of the metadata repository.
2013-11-29T18:13:16 <Justin_o> michelled: yes.. can\'t forget that one :)
2013-11-29T18:13:22 <michelled> :)
2013-11-29T18:13:30 <Justin_o> michelled: do you think we need a jira for that one
2013-11-29T18:13:42 * Jess_ has quit
2013-11-29T18:14:08 <michelled> hmmm\xe2\x80\xa6 I guess we could just create a github issue in the ops repo instead
2013-11-29T18:14:33 <Justin_o> michelled: okay.. i added a comment to the umbrella issue too http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-112#comment-24037
2013-11-29T18:14:53 <michelled> thanks - I\'ll create the issue and comment on there too
2013-11-29T18:15:38 <Justin_o> michelled: thanks.. i\'ve put a task on the iteration plan.. i guess you can drop a link to your github issue there too
2013-11-29T18:16:32 <michelled> sure - I guess the only issue, Justin_o, is that the ops repo is private for security reasons.
2013-11-29T18:16:49 <Justin_o> michelled: oh okay.. never mind then
2013-11-29T18:17:49 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'m going to start working on FLOE-112 and base it off your work from FLOE-108 so that i can get the directory structure.
2013-11-29T18:17:52 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-29T18:18:04 <cindyli> ok, Justin_o
2013-11-29T18:18:19 <Justin_o> cindyli: i\'m wondering where to put the editor code though.. it\'s not really part of metadata so i\'m thinking of putting it into a demo directory
2013-11-29T18:18:44 <cindyli> that makes sense, Justin_o
2013-11-29T18:19:33 <Justin_o> cindyli, michelled: I\'m going to move the empty repo from my github space to the fluid-project space
2013-11-29T18:19:42 <Justin_o> then we can send proper pull requests there
2013-11-29T18:21:12 <michelled> sounds good Justin_o
2013-11-29T18:23:20 <Justin_o> michelled, cindyli: done.. https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata
2013-11-29T18:23:57 <cindyli> thanks, Justin_o
2013-11-29T18:25:02 <Justin_o> michelled: i had put that nightly build comment on the wrong jira.. here\'s the correct one http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLOE-111#comment-24038
2013-11-29T18:25:16 <michelled> thx
2013-11-29T18:49:03 * michelled has quit
2013-11-29T19:09:10 <cindyli> hi, jhung1, have time to chat?
2013-11-29T19:10:31 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-29T19:17:37 * yzen has quit
2013-11-29T19:23:20 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-11-29T19:34:28 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-29T19:45:45 <jhung1> hi cindyli - sorry I just saw your message now. Do you still want to chat?
2013-11-29T19:48:44 <cindyli> yes, jhung1. skype?
2013-11-29T19:48:57 <jhung1> sure
2013-11-29T20:13:56 <Justin_o> jhung1: what would you call the buttons that do bold, italic, and underline
2013-11-29T20:14:03 <Justin_o> if you had to name them by group
2013-11-29T20:38:25 <jhung1> Justin_o: maybe "font style"?
2013-11-29T20:47:37 <Justin_o> okay.. thanks
2013-11-29T20:52:14 * anastasiac has quit
2013-11-29T20:58:53 * jhung1 has quit
2013-11-29T21:01:51 * michelled joined the channel
2013-11-29T21:37:12 * cindyli has quit
2013-11-29T21:50:03 * clown has left the channel
2013-11-29T21:54:58 * anvk has quit
2013-11-29T22:02:48 * yzen has quit
2013-11-29T22:15:49 * mrvisser has quit
2013-11-29T22:48:26 * colinclark has quit
2013-11-29T23:04:23 * yzen joined the channel
2013-11-29T23:06:34 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-11-29T23:06:44 * colinclark has quit
'

