b'2013-09-04T16:47:51 <Justin_o> I think vjoanna wants it to stay on the button
2013-09-04T16:47:55 <Justin_o> but could be wrong
2013-09-04T16:48:04 <heidiv> i think in our case, that works fine
2013-09-04T16:48:59 <heidiv> Justin_o re: changing the id name - would this be ref\'d in the js somewhere as well or just a formality in naming in the demo html
2013-09-04T16:51:16 <Justin_o> heidiv: i see what you mean.. in terms of the js.. you already have another selector for the element from there\xe2\x80\xa6 i guess it\'s just a formality.. so you can leave it then\xe2\x80\xa6 can you reply to my comment with that
2013-09-04T16:52:16 <heidiv> Justin_o yeah the panel already has a selector w classname
2013-09-04T16:52:31 <heidiv> i\'ll leave it then - sort of underlines it\'s not used in the js which might be helpful?
2013-09-04T16:52:45 <Justin_o> heidiv: yah.. could be confusing otherwise
2013-09-04T16:52:48 <heidiv> Justin_o so no changes to 168 needed
2013-09-04T16:53:19 <Justin_o> heidiv: just the one about setting the expanded state on creation and not just on open/close of the panel
2013-09-04T16:53:20 <heidiv> Justin_o oh wait no , i added the oncreate bit
2013-09-04T16:54:01 <heidiv> Justin_o pushed
2013-09-04T16:54:09 <Justin_o> heidiv: see it, thanks
2013-09-04T16:55:18 <Justin_o> one more comment
2013-09-04T16:55:22 <Justin_o> heidiv: ^
2013-09-04T16:56:43 <heidiv> Justin_o ok, how do i do that? :)
2013-09-04T16:57:23 * avtar has quit
2013-09-04T17:00:56 <Justin_o> heidiv: try setting the args to ["{that}.model.isShowing"]
2013-09-04T17:03:23 * yzen has quit
2013-09-04T17:08:48 * yzen joined the channel
2013-09-04T17:12:46 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-04T17:20:26 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-04T17:34:31 * jessm has quit
2013-09-04T17:44:11 * cindyli has quit
2013-09-04T17:48:13 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-04T18:01:30 * mrvisser_ joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:01:32 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-04T18:08:31 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:08:32 * mrvisser_ has quit
2013-09-04T18:15:37 * jhung has quit
2013-09-04T18:15:51 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:17:30 * jhung joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:20:22 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:20:28 * Justin_o joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:22:43 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-04T18:23:23 * Justin_o joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:30:20 <Justin_o> heidiv: added another comment to your pull request..
2013-09-04T18:30:50 * colinclark has quit
2013-09-04T18:30:53 <anastasiac> Justin_o and cindyli, I responded to ChrisP\'s email on the architecture list with some improvements, but I\'m stumped on the console error that\'s happening. Maybe one of you could have a look?
2013-09-04T18:31:45 <cindyli> sure, anastasiac
2013-09-04T18:34:50 <heidiv> Justin_o updated
2013-09-04T18:38:46 * jessm has quit
2013-09-04T18:40:28 <Justin_o> heidiv: thanks
2013-09-04T18:42:00 * cindyli1 joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:42:51 <anastasiac> cindyli, please also double-check my suggestions to make sure they\'re actually a good idea :-)
2013-09-04T18:42:56 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:43:05 <cindyli1> ok, anastasiac
2013-09-04T18:43:16 * cindyli has quit
2013-09-04T18:45:11 <jessm> Justin_o: ping
2013-09-04T18:45:20 <Justin_o> jessm: hello
2013-09-04T18:46:11 <jessm> Justin_o: hey, sorry to bother\xe2\x80\xa6 can i be that person who rarely speaks in here but sometimes jumps in and asks silly questions to spark conversation? when should the next Infusion release be? and what should be in it?
2013-09-04T18:46:25 <Bosmon2> It should be SOON!
2013-09-04T18:46:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon2: good timing
2013-09-04T18:47:04 <Justin_o> jessm: yes.. i think we\'d like to have something before the end of the year, but i want to talk to Bosmon2 about what he thinks will need to go into this release..
2013-09-04T18:47:51 <jessm> :) great timing indeed
2013-09-04T18:48:38 <jessm> it makes me think Bosmon2 has alerts on the terms \'silly\' and \'bother\'
2013-09-04T18:48:38 <anastasiac> Bosmon2, we\'re going to be starting the docs sprint momentarily - will you be able to join us?
2013-09-04T18:50:07 <jessm> anastasiac: i read a blog post that had been slashdotted yesterday about documentation
2013-09-04T18:50:29 <Bosmon2> I will be here
2013-09-04T18:50:45 <jessm> it was long-winded but it made a few good points. documentation should "teach, not tell" -- it\'s something that I think we\'re all motivated by, but it seemed particularly timely to have read it last night.
2013-09-04T18:51:28 <anastasiac> thanks for the pointer, jessm. found it
2013-09-04T18:52:10 <jessm> anastasiac: take my warning about long-windedness seriously. the title might make the biggest point already
2013-09-04T18:52:22 <anastasiac> LOL
2013-09-04T18:52:27 <anastasiac> thanks for the warning :-)
2013-09-04T18:52:41 <anastasiac> interesting css on the page
2013-09-04T18:52:51 <jessm> yes, i noticed that too
2013-09-04T18:54:15 <Bosmon2> I see the observation "But I guarantee they\xe2\x80\x99re going to notice if you throw in strange, uncommon words for no good reason" : P
2013-09-04T18:54:24 <anastasiac> fluid-everyone, let\'s gather for the docs sprint. collab room for people on-site in Toronto, skupe otherwise
2013-09-04T18:54:29 <jessm> it has some gems
2013-09-04T18:54:56 <anastasiac> skupe? what is skupe?
2013-09-04T18:56:47 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-04T18:57:52 * anastasiac_ joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:58:19 <anastasiac_> fluid-everyone: planning page for the docs sprint: http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/Docs+Sprint+Planning
2013-09-04T18:58:56 * yzen has quit
2013-09-04T18:59:37 * anastasiac has quit
2013-09-04T18:59:38 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-04T18:59:38 * anastasiac_ is now known as anastasiac
2013-09-04T19:00:26 * avtar joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:01:57 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:02:13 * yzen joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:02:28 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-04T19:02:33 * Justin_o_ joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:02:37 * clown has quit
2013-09-04T19:03:15 * cindyli1 has quit
2013-09-04T19:04:34 * ramil joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:05:52 * jessm has quit
2013-09-04T19:06:08 * michelled_ joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:08:03 * michelled has quit
2013-09-04T19:08:03 * michelled_ is now known as michelled
2013-09-04T19:12:06 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:13:53 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:16:06 <Justin_o_> jhung: merged in your GPII-176 pull request
2013-09-04T19:16:15 <Justin_o_> heidiv: if i didn\'t mention i merged your GPII-168 pull request
2013-09-04T19:16:29 <heidiv> thanks
2013-09-04T19:17:29 * jessm_ joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:18:35 * jessm has quit
2013-09-04T19:18:36 * jessm_ is now known as jessm
2013-09-04T19:23:23 <jhung> thanks Justin_o_
2013-09-04T19:27:16 <jhung> heidiv: it seems our fonts got messed up on the DT demo on the build site. Can you confirm? http://build.fluidproject.org/prefsEditors/demos/discoveryTool/
2013-09-04T19:30:28 <heidiv> jhung do you mean the next arrow? this looks like an old bug. has the build site been updated lately?
2013-09-04T19:31:00 <jhung> heidiv: yeah. Also the arrows for the Download and Share links.
2013-09-04T19:32:17 <heidiv> jhung yes i see that too. not sure how often that site gets updated
2013-09-04T19:32:40 * ramil_g joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:34:01 <jhung> heidiv: Let me check my local copy to see if they\'re the same.
2013-09-04T19:34:12 * jessm has quit
2013-09-04T19:35:18 * ramil has quit
2013-09-04T19:35:20 <jhung> it looks like a regression heidiv
2013-09-04T19:52:24 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-04T19:54:50 * clown joined the channel
2013-09-04T20:06:33 * ramil_g has quit
2013-09-04T20:22:24 * Justin_o_ has quit
2013-09-04T20:30:04 * sgithens has quit
2013-09-04T20:32:45 * cindyli has quit
2013-09-04T20:33:55 <michelled> http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/docs/Subcomponents
2013-09-04T20:54:56 * greggy has quit
2013-09-04T20:55:13 * michelled has quit
2013-09-04T20:55:58 * ramil joined the channel
2013-09-04T20:59:19 * clown has left the channel
2013-09-04T21:00:14 * yzen has quit
2013-09-04T21:05:02 * colinclark has quit
2013-09-04T21:05:45 * heidiv has quit
2013-09-04T21:08:09 * jhung has quit
2013-09-04T21:13:09 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-04T21:30:34 * anastasiac has quit
2013-09-04T21:32:23 * ramil has quit
2013-09-04T21:48:16 * jessm has quit
2013-09-04T21:50:44 * vjoanna has quit
2013-09-04T21:55:52 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-09-04T22:36:37 * danaayotte has quit
2013-09-04T22:51:42 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-04T23:04:32 * avtar has quit
2013-09-04T23:14:25 * machines joined the channel
2013-09-04T23:15:37 * machines has left the channel
2013-09-04T23:38:28 * mrvisser has quit
'

b'2013-09-04T00:28:35 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-04T01:34:55 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-04T01:57:13 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-09-04T02:16:27 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-04T02:21:00 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-04T02:45:33 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-04T02:50:06 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-04T03:23:55 * yzen joined the channel
2013-09-04T06:23:41 * amilchev joined the channel
2013-09-04T06:56:58 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-04T07:28:53 * yzen_ joined the channel
2013-09-04T07:30:14 * yzen has quit
2013-09-04T07:30:14 * yzen_ is now known as yzen
2013-09-04T07:51:31 * anvk has quit
2013-09-04T07:52:12 * anvk joined the channel
2013-09-04T08:31:41 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-04T08:38:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-04T08:55:33 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-04T09:02:53 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-04T09:47:32 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-04T09:55:01 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-04T10:53:00 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-04T11:19:24 * mrvisser_ joined the channel
2013-09-04T11:23:00 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-04T12:04:54 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-04T12:04:59 * mrvisser_ has quit
2013-09-04T12:07:28 * jhung joined the channel
2013-09-04T12:18:24 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-04T12:20:11 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-04T12:26:13 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-04T12:34:49 * Justin_o joined the channel
2013-09-04T12:37:03 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-04T12:52:05 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-09-04T12:57:50 * heidiv joined the channel
2013-09-04T12:59:55 * amilchev has left the channel
2013-09-04T13:11:24 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-04T13:19:00 <heidiv> hey Justin_o jhung let me know if i can help w anything. i\'m finishing 168 aria panel now. will the new TOC happen this week?
2013-09-04T13:19:23 <Justin_o> heidiv: I doubt we\'ll get to the new ToC
2013-09-04T13:19:34 <heidiv> ok
2013-09-04T13:19:57 <Justin_o> heidiv: is this pull request ready to be looked at again? https://github.com/fluid-project/prefsEditors/pull/23
2013-09-04T13:20:08 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-09-04T13:21:20 <heidiv> Justin_o i can\'t remember what the last issue was with it - do you? The overlap in safari was fixed, and then i think there was a merge issue fixed
2013-09-04T13:21:35 <heidiv> Justin_o i\'ll remerge w master now incase there\'ve been updates since
2013-09-04T13:23:40 <Justin_o> heidiv: i think the issue with the overlap had reappeared, but i can\'t quite recal
2013-09-04T13:23:41 <Justin_o> recall
2013-09-04T13:24:16 <heidiv> Justin_o ill dble check now
2013-09-04T13:25:24 <Justin_o> heidiv: thanks
2013-09-04T13:26:05 <jhung> heidiv, Justin_o - is there anything I can help with?
2013-09-04T13:26:41 * danaayotte joined the channel
2013-09-04T13:27:16 <heidiv> jhung any thoughts on DT and keyboard users?  gpii-163
2013-09-04T13:27:41 <jhung> heidiv: yeah, but waiting for vjoanna to discuss.
2013-09-04T13:27:49 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-09-04T13:36:42 * vjoanna joined the channel
2013-09-04T13:37:09 * vjoanna has left the channel
2013-09-04T13:37:14 * vjoanna joined the channel
2013-09-04T13:42:22 <heidiv> Justin_o 162 looking good to me
2013-09-04T13:42:51 <Justin_o> heidiv: okay.. i\'ll take another look at it, thanks
2013-09-04T13:53:22 <jhung> vjoanna: I was wondering if we can chat about keyboard navigation for Discovery Tool? I have a proposal and would like your feedback.
2013-09-04T14:00:33 <vjoanna> jhung: yes, when\'s best for you?
2013-09-04T14:01:01 <jhung> We can have it on list vjoanna.
2013-09-04T14:01:09 <jhung> Sorry I meant in this channel.
2013-09-04T14:01:28 <vjoanna> sounds good
2013-09-04T14:02:13 <jhung> Here\'s what I propose:
2013-09-04T14:03:02 <jhung> 1. A skip link be added at the top menu bar of the demo (perhaps after the Subjects link).
2013-09-04T14:03:18 <jhung> 2. The skip link puts focus on the Discovery Tool hide/show button.
2013-09-04T14:04:24 <jhung> 3. If the Discovery Tool is open, the user can tab through all the options until focus lands back at the top. ESC will close the panel.
2013-09-04T14:04:49 <jhung> (Although ESC will conflict with AT hotkeys, so maybe we should use a different keystroke).
2013-09-04T14:05:23 <jhung> Thoughts?
2013-09-04T14:09:08 <heidiv> jhung what would the skip link say?
2013-09-04T14:10:13 <heidiv> jhung i believe ESC already closes the panel
2013-09-04T14:10:55 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-04T14:11:23 <vjoanna> jhung: it makes sense to me, except the skip to link. I\'m worried having it might be a bit tedious and out of context. What if we can have the discovery tool button focus after the top menu bar - I think as long as the focus style is clear, it won\'t be too disorienting for the user.
2013-09-04T14:12:05 <jhung> heidiv: Not sure but it will have to be pretty descriptive since it will move focus. Something along the lines of "Customize Your Experience" or something like that.
2013-09-04T14:12:59 <jhung> vjoanna: so what you\'re proposing is to have the tab order go through top bar, then discovery tool (and all items if panel is open), and then the demo content?
2013-09-04T14:13:36 <vjoanna> yes
2013-09-04T14:14:48 <jhung> Would it be too much to have the user tab through all those links before getting to the content vjoanna?
2013-09-04T14:18:59 <vjoanna> jhung: It would be the same amount of links if the panel closed - And if the user doesn\'t want to tab through all the presets when the panel is open they could close it.
2013-09-04T14:19:00 * clown joined the channel
2013-09-04T14:20:55 * Justin_o joined the channel
2013-09-04T14:20:56 <vjoanna> For the shortcut, could we use a single key like \'d\' and have it both open and close the panel?
2013-09-04T14:21:10 <jhung> heidiv: how does that sound to you?
2013-09-04T14:22:29 <heidiv> jhung sure focusing on DT after top links sounds ok, as long as the user can follow what\'s happening easily. not sure about the open/close key idea\xe2\x80\xa6could interfere with other stuff. ESC currently closes the panel
2013-09-04T14:23:17 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-04T14:24:59 <jhung> heidiv: true. If a hotkey opens the panel, it could cause confusion with respect to where we should put focus. Also it may be cognitively confusing if the panel suddenly opens and the user isn\'t aware of their actions.
2013-09-04T14:26:25 <heidiv> jhung it might be a good thing to add someday\xe2\x80\xa6could see that being quite handy. but more research needed i think\xe2\x80\xa6 AT hotkey interference too
2013-09-04T14:30:15 <jhung> heidiv: yeah. I\'d be reluctant to add it at this point. Perhaps if we were earlier in the design cycle...
2013-09-04T14:39:58 * Justin_o joined the channel
2013-09-04T14:46:38 * michelled joined the channel
2013-09-04T14:50:43 <Justin_o> michelled: could you please take a look at this pull request
2013-09-04T14:50:44 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/prefsEditors/pull/39
2013-09-04T14:50:54 <michelled> for sure Justin_o
2013-09-04T14:51:30 <Justin_o> michelled: thanks
2013-09-04T15:09:06 <heidiv> anastasiac i was thinking of doing VP-192 this afternoon. if there\'s more helpful stuff to tackle for the VP tho, let me know?
2013-09-04T15:16:17 <anastasiac> heidiv, VP-192 would be pretty helpful, thanks
2013-09-04T15:16:27 <heidiv> k
2013-09-04T15:20:16 <cindyli> anastasiac, michelled: Justin_o and I were chatting what\'s the next one to work on and not sure which of these two has higher priority: GPII-131 to implement better TOC or video player stuff. what do you think? anastasiac, anything urgent in vp that you need help with?
2013-09-04T15:22:39 <anastasiac> hm. good question, cindyli, regarding the relative priority of the two. Personally, I\'m thinking that getting the video player stuff in place might increase the scope of the discovery tool demo more than enhancing the ToC stuff.
2013-09-04T15:23:45 <anastasiac> As for video player work, the upgrade to the latest Infusion is probably the main task, cindyli: VP-297. I started on it, but didn\'t finish. There are links to branches on the iteration page. I don\'t think we\'ll be able to use the schema version, so that branch might not be worth pursuing
2013-09-04T15:23:58 <anastasiac> michelled, what do you think regarding ToC work vs VP work?
2013-09-04T15:25:04 <michelled> VP is higher priority
2013-09-04T15:25:05 <cindyli> agree that discovery tool may not be able to use the schema version without the new model relay and transformation in place
2013-09-04T15:25:18 <cindyli> ok, i can work on VP-192: Change to using the new Amara API. seems no one has yet taken on it
2013-09-04T15:26:24 <Justin_o> cindyli: i think heidiv is looking at that one
2013-09-04T15:27:29 <cindyli> haha, other vp jiras are depending on VP-297 that anastasiac is working on and VP-192 that heidiv is working on.
2013-09-04T15:27:58 <heidiv> i think you could prob take over vp-297 cindyli?
2013-09-04T15:28:34 <cindyli> ok, heidiv, anastasiac, you are not currently working on 297, right?
2013-09-04T15:28:36 <anastasiac> I think the work that heidiv is doing on VP-192 could probably be done without the Infusion upgrade, and the two merged later
2013-09-04T15:28:54 <anastasiac> cindyli, no, I\'m focusing on docs right now, so if you have time to pick up 297, that would be great
2013-09-04T15:28:59 <heidiv> cindyli i\'m going to start vp-192 soon, but not 297
2013-09-04T15:29:15 <cindyli> cool. thanks, guys
2013-09-04T15:36:15 * avtar joined the channel
2013-09-04T15:43:54 * yzen has quit
2013-09-04T15:44:57 <colinclark> Hey danaayotte, I\'m just going through my backlog of emails and had a question for you. I see that you\'ve been creating font icons for Chris and others working on preferences editors, which is awesome. Are these getting posted to the wiki or a JIRA where people can easily refer to them? I\'m thinking that if they\'re only in email attachments, they might get lost, especially since I think the archives tend to strip attachments.
2013-09-04T15:45:33 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-04T15:47:18 * Justin_o joined the channel
2013-09-04T15:47:56 <danaayotte> thanks colinclark I put the first round on the wiki but not the most recently updated ones.  I will do that.  should they be in a JIRA too, or is the wiki enough?
2013-09-04T15:48:12 <colinclark> I was just thinking about what the best approach is, and I\'m really not sure
2013-09-04T15:48:19 <colinclark> Justin_o or michelled might have opinions
2013-09-04T15:48:58 <colinclark> What do you guys think the best way is to manage the workflow of "UI artifacts" (e.g. images, font icons, etc.) from design to development?
2013-09-04T15:49:59 <Justin_o> colinclark: i tend to like things in jira, it will make it easier to find based off of commit logs later..
2013-09-04T15:50:05 <Justin_o> danaayotte: ^
2013-09-04T15:50:25 <Justin_o> or at least link to the wiki page from the jira
2013-09-04T15:53:59 <Justin_o> heidiv: I merged in GPII-162
2013-09-04T15:54:08 <heidiv> Justin_o sweet thanks
2013-09-04T15:57:06 * yzen joined the channel
2013-09-04T16:15:51 <michelled> Justin_o: I pushed your pull request - the tts is *so* much better :)
2013-09-04T16:20:45 <anastasiac> Bosmon2, Bosmon8: You\'ll be joining the docs sprint this afternoon, won\'t you?
2013-09-04T16:22:21 <Justin_o> michelled: thanks.. :)
2013-09-04T16:23:39 <heidiv> Justin_o sent pull req for 168
2013-09-04T16:24:41 <Justin_o> heidiv:  thanks.. i\'ll take a look
2013-09-04T16:25:28 <Justin_o> jhung: can you update your GPII-176 pull request https://github.com/fluid-project/prefsEditors/pull/37
2013-09-04T16:25:34 <Justin_o> it wont\' merge cleanly anymore
2013-09-04T16:26:00 <jhung> Justin_o okay
2013-09-04T16:26:14 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks
2013-09-04T16:30:45 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-04T16:34:41 <Justin_o> heidiv: left a couple of comments on your pull request for GPII-168
2013-09-04T16:39:00 <heidiv> Justin_o thanks
2013-09-04T16:43:45 <Justin_o> heidiv: did you notice if the screen readers behaved any differently after adding the aria in?
2013-09-04T16:43:55 <heidiv> Justin_o nada!
2013-09-04T16:44:00 <Justin_o> heidiv: okay
2013-09-04T16:44:31 <heidiv> Justin_o i\'m not sure how aria-expanded is read
2013-09-04T16:44:46 <heidiv> Justin_o the aria-label changes on the button help a lot tho
2013-09-04T16:45:22 <Justin_o> heidiv: okay.. i\'m noticing in the example page that it does read something out
2013-09-04T16:46:20 <Justin_o> heidiv: that would be the example from the page you linked to in the jira http://www.oaa-accessibility.org/example/20/
2013-09-04T16:46:28 <Justin_o> it says "Topic 1 Region"
2013-09-04T16:46:31 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-09-04T16:46:35 <heidiv> Justin_o the "topic one region" ?  this ex shifts focus to the region, and i didn\'t change the focus
2013-09-04T16:47:01 <heidiv> since the next thing you hit is a selectable within the region
2013-09-04T16:47:06 <Justin_o> heidiv: ah
2013-09-04T16:47:26 <heidiv> Justin_o i\'m not sure if moving the focus would help - think we should?
'

