b'2013-09-13T19:43:48 <Bosmon> You will eventually come up with a new grade, which will one day appear as a base grade of rendererComponent
2013-09-13T19:43:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i suppose we\'d need to still support the renderer API for refreshView and afterRender though
2013-09-13T19:43:59 <Bosmon> but for the time being you will need to do this yourself
2013-09-13T19:44:02 <Bosmon> Justin_o - exactly
2013-09-13T19:44:19 <Bosmon> This base grade will have whatever is common in the USAGE of the renderer API, as seen from the top, from UIOptions
2013-09-13T19:44:39 <Bosmon> Thankfully our framework doesn\'t really care about "types" so it doesn\'t matter if this appears more than once or not at all
2013-09-13T19:44:57 <Bosmon> But it will be helpful for architectural clarity that this base grade actually exists
2013-09-13T19:45:19 <Bosmon> But in the meantime, you do need to throw out "rendererComponent" from the grade structure of "panel" since it tries to do too much
2013-09-13T19:45:29 <Bosmon> btw, didn\'t we decide on calling this grade "panel" rather than "panels"?
2013-09-13T19:45:49 <Bosmon> It seems very silly to have a single grade named in a plural way
2013-09-13T19:46:42 <Bosmon> So it will be fine to revert this grade down to [viewComponent, modelRelay, autoInit] for the time being
2013-09-13T19:47:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you\'re right we did.. and i thought we had changed it.. maybe we missed it or lost it in a merge somewhere
2013-09-13T19:47:43 <Bosmon> ok
2013-09-13T19:47:49 <Bosmon> Well, you can take care of both of these at the same time :)
2013-09-13T19:47:55 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :)
2013-09-13T19:48:20 <Justin_o> cindyli: have you been following along with this? any questions for Bosmon?
2013-09-13T19:48:50 <Bosmon> It\'s worth writing in an empty "preferenceMap" into this structure too
2013-09-13T19:48:54 <Bosmon> Just to emphasise that it is mandatory
2013-09-13T19:49:00 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that would make sense
2013-09-13T19:50:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: can you also take a look at these jiras and see if they are still issues and if they should be fixed for 1.5 http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5067
2013-09-13T19:50:50 <Justin_o> http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-4195
2013-09-13T19:51:10 <Justin_o> meant to ask you that at the community meeting but didn\'t get a chance
2013-09-13T19:52:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also if you look at the channel logs, you might have some opinions on what amilchev is working on.. i was speaking to him this morning.
2013-09-13T19:53:49 <Bosmon> Justin_o - my opinion is that there is absolutely no way he should be writing a JQuery UI plugin for his work
2013-09-13T19:54:09 <Bosmon> The deficiencies in this terrible plugin are well-known, and are even admitted by its originators : P
2013-09-13T19:54:30 <Bosmon> As a member of our community, he should be producing a Fluid component
2013-09-13T19:54:58 <Bosmon> FLUID-5067 is done
2013-09-13T19:55:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes agreed...
2013-09-13T19:55:20 <Bosmon> fluid-everyone - could I put out a general request for people who merge pull requests to go and update the original JIRAs
2013-09-13T19:55:29 <Justin_o> +1
2013-09-13T19:55:33 <Bosmon> Since it is much harder after the fact to discover the revision number when they were merged in
2013-09-13T19:55:43 <Bosmon> Especially since it seems we can\'t depend on having a github JIRA plugin
2013-09-13T19:56:21 <Bosmon> 4195 is not done, but colinclark and I might make a start today
2013-09-13T19:56:41 <Bosmon> So let\'s not deassign it and the related issues from 1.5 until we have a better idea how far we are going to get
2013-09-13T19:59:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sounds good
2013-09-13T20:01:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: and I closed off FLUID-5067
2013-09-13T20:01:24 <Bosmon> Thanks, Justin_o
2013-09-13T20:01:55 <Bosmon> avtar - would it be possible to get the "source editor" plugin added to the version of Confluence we have for our documentation?
2013-09-13T20:02:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thank you.. I think we\'ll start looking at the panel merging panel thing on monday.
2013-09-13T20:04:02 <Bosmon> Justin_o - cool!
2013-09-13T20:04:55 * system64 has quit
2013-09-13T20:05:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: have you seen this http://www.amazon.com/Kaspar-Titanic-Cat-Michael-Morpurgo/dp/0062006185
2013-09-13T20:06:42 <Bosmon> hahahaha
2013-09-13T20:06:43 <Bosmon> Amazing
2013-09-13T20:06:50 <Bosmon> I\'m sure KASPARNETT will be excited :)
2013-09-13T20:08:29 <cindyli> Bosmon, Justin_o, which part is considered too much for the "rendererComponent" being kicked out of from the grade list of "fluid.uiOptions.panel"?
2013-09-13T20:08:49 <Bosmon> cindyli - the part that actually does rendering :)
2013-09-13T20:08:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: he might have to change those unit tests he\'s been writing ;)
2013-09-13T20:09:04 <avtar> Bosmon: i\'ll take a look at it
2013-09-13T20:09:24 <Bosmon> Thanks, avtar!
2013-09-13T20:09:56 <Bosmon> Unfortunately we find we can\'t work with the "visual-only" editing UI that the latest Confluence provides....
2013-09-13T20:10:08 <Bosmon> Wow, I see some sunlight
2013-09-13T20:11:04 <cindyli> Bosmon: wonder what kind of different rendering we expect in the new grade we\'re going to write?
2013-09-13T20:14:01 <Bosmon> cindyli - the rendering which is achieved by sequentially triggering the render methods of the subcomponents
2013-09-13T20:15:06 <Bosmon> Well, I guess you could try to use the renderer proper on the top component, and then again on the lower components ...
2013-09-13T20:15:26 * Bosmon feels bad that he has not fixed the renderer since 2008
2013-09-13T20:15:43 <cindyli> haha
2013-09-13T20:16:45 <Bosmon> Well, in fact you could actually implement the system the other way, and use a "giant prototree" approach
2013-09-13T20:17:09 <Bosmon> In this way ONLY the top component\'s rendering loop would be used
2013-09-13T20:17:09 <cindyli> a prototree that contains the info for top and sub components?
2013-09-13T20:17:15 <Bosmon> This would be more complicated, but more efficient
2013-09-13T20:17:25 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-09-13T20:17:39 <Bosmon> I think for rendering complex panels, the multi-pass approach would be extremely slow and probably visually distracting, as each of the subpanels appeared one by one
2013-09-13T20:18:30 <cindyli> so, what we can do: 1. define the giant protoTree in the top component
2013-09-13T20:18:44 <cindyli> 2. inject sub-templates into the top template
2013-09-13T20:18:51 <cindyli> 3. rendering happens at the top
2013-09-13T20:18:56 <cindyli> does it sound right?
2013-09-13T20:19:16 <Bosmon> cindyli - in either case, the basic parts of the discussion we had earlier still stand - there will be some kind of "grade-combining grade" that uses the metadata information to combine separate panels into a combined panel
2013-09-13T20:19:19 <Bosmon> cindyli - that\'s right
2013-09-13T20:19:43 <cindyli> ok. sounds clear. thanks, Bosmon. will try
2013-09-13T20:20:26 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-09-13T20:22:08 <cindyli> umm\xe2\x80\xa6 Bosmon, after a bit more thinking, this way simplifies the implementation, but confusing for the sub-panel creators since the sub-panel is not a fully encapsulated cell any more
2013-09-13T20:22:22 <Bosmon> cindyli - the subpanel will be still encapsulated
2013-09-13T20:22:30 <Bosmon> It will be a perfectly standard UIOptions panel in its own right
2013-09-13T20:22:35 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-09-13T20:22:42 <Bosmon> The combination machinery will all be in the "grade-combining grade"
2013-09-13T20:26:09 <cindyli> ok, imaging the case that alex creates the little "+", "-" panels to be reused in several final panels. since the protoTree for little panels appear one level up, there\'s no way these little panels can be rendered by itself. they always need to dependent on the parent component.
2013-09-13T20:26:19 <cindyli> "to be"
2013-09-13T20:26:30 <Bosmon> cindyli - you will need to get Justin_o to explain the preceding discussion to you :)
2013-09-13T20:26:59 <cindyli> ok. monday...
2013-09-13T20:27:00 <Bosmon> The prototree for each panel is still written in the standard place
2013-09-13T20:27:19 <Bosmon> The "grade-combining grade" aggregates them into a larger prototree, and larger preference map
2013-09-13T20:28:32 <cindyli> ok
2013-09-13T20:28:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: actually that brings up a question.. why don\'t prototrees merge?
2013-09-13T20:28:54 <Justin_o> is there something in particular that we will need to be careful about
2013-09-13T20:29:04 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T20:29:17 <Bosmon> Justin_o - very simple protoTrees might merge ok
2013-09-13T20:30:07 <Bosmon> You might need to do some renaming to ensure that their top-level keys don\'t collide
2013-09-13T20:30:26 <Justin_o> Bosmon: right
2013-09-13T20:30:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i suppose we might have issues with selectors for that reason, since these would need to be surfaced up too
2013-09-13T20:31:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: can selectors be hierarchical?
2013-09-13T20:32:51 * avtar has quit
2013-09-13T20:33:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - they could, yes
2013-09-13T20:33:39 <Bosmon> So rebasing the selectors might be another piece of work
2013-09-13T20:34:51 <Justin_o> Bosmon: we\'d have to make sure that they don\'t bleed out of their intended scope though
2013-09-13T20:35:09 <Bosmon> Justin_o - this is what I meant by the rebasing
2013-09-13T20:35:42 * avtar joined the channel
2013-09-13T20:35:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah okay.. yes.. i think that will be tricky
2013-09-13T20:37:51 <Bosmon> It should be fine to just take all the selectors from the subpanel and prefix them with the selector which designates the subpanel
2013-09-13T20:40:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i don\'t think that would work in the case of complex selectors like "img, [role~=\'img\']"
2013-09-13T20:40:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - those selectors are not valid for the renderer in any case
2013-09-13T20:40:37 <Bosmon> Those selectors are only ever operated by jQuery
2013-09-13T20:40:51 <Bosmon> And in that case they will get properly scoped, based on the location of the "container" once the component is rendered
2013-09-13T20:41:03 <Justin_o> Bosmon: interesting.. okay.. well we will have to be careful about that sort of thing
2013-09-13T20:41:06 <Bosmon> The renderer only acceps simple selectors for its cutpoints
2013-09-13T20:41:13 <Bosmon> Of the kind which can be prefixed safely
2013-09-13T20:41:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: well that\'s good.. and there is the selectorsToIgnore option for those which shouldn\'t be used by the renderer already which should help clarify these things
2013-09-13T20:42:12 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m going to take off now.. thanks for the help
2013-09-13T20:42:19 <Justin_o> have a good weekend
2013-09-13T20:43:56 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-13T20:44:02 * yzen joined the channel
2013-09-13T20:44:55 * anvk has quit
2013-09-13T20:46:42 * cindyli has quit
2013-09-13T20:48:00 * jhung has quit
2013-09-13T20:49:47 * yzen has quit
2013-09-13T20:55:55 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T20:59:41 * greggy has quit
2013-09-13T21:06:50 * jessm has quit
2013-09-13T21:09:55 * clown has left the channel
2013-09-13T21:17:47 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T21:44:45 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-13T21:47:36 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-09-13T22:18:23 * jhernandez has quit
2013-09-13T22:50:54 * yzen joined the channel
2013-09-13T22:55:29 * jessm has quit
2013-09-13T23:01:57 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-09-13T23:06:07 * yzen has quit
2013-09-13T23:18:44 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T23:24:35 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T23:47:18 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-13T23:50:15 * jessm has quit
'

b'2013-09-13T16:19:30 * jessm has quit
2013-09-13T16:43:08 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-13T16:43:46 * Justin_o joined the channel
2013-09-13T16:49:39 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T16:50:48 * sgithens has quit
2013-09-13T16:57:59 * jhung joined the channel
2013-09-13T17:08:45 * jhung1 joined the channel
2013-09-13T17:11:16 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T17:11:22 * jhung has quit
2013-09-13T17:13:02 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2013-09-13T17:16:26 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-09-13T17:21:42 * yzen joined the channel
2013-09-13T17:22:51 * sgithens has quit
2013-09-13T17:26:33 * yzen has quit
2013-09-13T17:30:31 * system64 has quit
2013-09-13T17:32:54 * yzen joined the channel
2013-09-13T17:36:41 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-09-13T17:37:11 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T17:41:03 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-13T17:43:10 * sgithens has quit
2013-09-13T17:52:57 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T18:02:11 * yzen has quit
2013-09-13T18:16:57 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-09-13T18:39:39 * mrvisser_ joined the channel
2013-09-13T18:39:42 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T18:54:32 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-09-13T19:01:22 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-09-13T19:02:46 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o, cindyli
2013-09-13T19:02:57 <Bosmon> How is work going with your composite renderin gradE?
2013-09-13T19:03:44 <Justin_o> Bosmon: actually cindyli and I needed to talk to you about that.. we are still kind of confused about how things should all be put together.
2013-09-13T19:04:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: here\'s the jira again http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5131
2013-09-13T19:04:39 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-09-13T19:05:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: from our previous chat in the channel on sept 10 you said "Well, ironically, you don\'t really want a "combined template" since that\'s exactly what the renderer for the component panels can\'t accept" what did you mean by this exactly?
2013-09-13T19:06:52 <Bosmon> It\'s because the renderers for the component panels need individual templates
2013-09-13T19:07:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. i guess that is in the case where cindyli was saying we use this for uiOptions itself.. but i\'m not sure how this translates for the complex panel case
2013-09-13T19:08:07 <Justin_o> if we are considering using grade merging for the panel
2013-09-13T19:08:36 <Bosmon> I expect not "merging" but "composing" - that is, producing a grade which contains the component panels as subcomponents
2013-09-13T19:08:44 <Bosmon> How far have you got with your implementation now?
2013-09-13T19:08:56 * sgithens has quit
2013-09-13T19:12:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: well as far the jira.. we\'ve been scratching our heads because we were thinking you had intended us to use grade merging\xe2\x80\xa6 as the initial discussion had been about this and then this was brought up \'YOu will need to create a special "grade-combining grade"\'
2013-09-13T19:13:03 <Bosmon> Well you can "merge" grades in any number of ways : P
2013-09-13T19:13:17 <Justin_o> Bosmon: hmm.. now i\'m confused again
2013-09-13T19:13:35 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so the individual parts of the panels should be subcomponents or grades that are all merged into one?
2013-09-13T19:13:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - whichever is appropriate : P
2013-09-13T19:13:56 <Bosmon> Most likely the former
2013-09-13T19:14:06 <Bosmon> Surely you haven\'t been scratching your heads about that for 3 days? : P
2013-09-13T19:16:09 <Justin_o> Bosmon: this is the e-mail thread on the issue i started last month. where i outlined to possible options 1) grade merging and 2) using subcomponents http://fluid.2324889.n4.nabble.com/Combining-complex-panels-in-the-preferences-framework-td8799.html
2013-09-13T19:16:43 <Justin_o> Bosmon: don\'t worry we did spend all of three days scratching our heads just a bit hear and there, we\'ve had a lot of other things to keep us busy :)
2013-09-13T19:17:56 <jhung> Justin_o: sent a pull request for GPII-207.
2013-09-13T19:18:10 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o - sorry to have missed your mail
2013-09-13T19:18:12 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T19:18:14 * mrvisser_ has quit
2013-09-13T19:18:14 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks.. i probably won\'t have time to look at it today, but i\'ll check it out on monday
2013-09-13T19:18:24 <jhung> cindyli: I\'ll take a look at GPII-193 now
2013-09-13T19:18:32 <jhung> Justin_o: sure no prob.
2013-09-13T19:18:46 <Justin_o> Bosmon: no problem
2013-09-13T19:21:07 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so my initial e-mail didn\'t hit on the need for the multiple templates yet.. so that part isn\'t considered there.. although i\'m pretty sure it gets brought up later in the thread.. one of the biggest annoyances with the subcomponents as they are is the need to configure the modelRelay between each subcomponent and the panel
2013-09-13T19:21:26 <Justin_o> and passing along the message bundles too
2013-09-13T19:21:28 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it should be possible to do this automatically
2013-09-13T19:21:33 <Bosmon> This is what I meant by a "grade-combining grade"
2013-09-13T19:21:41 <Bosmon> Given you know where all of the relevant pieces of model are
2013-09-13T19:22:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes.. definitely building some tooling around this would be essential, but how would we do it automatically.. we don\'t really know the model paths of the subcomponents
2013-09-13T19:23:11 <Justin_o> also not sure if passed the parent bundle down correctly..
2013-09-13T19:23:35 <Bosmon> Justin_o - you do know the model paths of the subcomponents, since presumably you already generated them from the aux schema ....
2013-09-13T19:23:55 <Bosmon> And even if you didn\'t, they still expose the same metadata that they did to the aux schema building process, allowing you to build them again
2013-09-13T19:24:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. i think i see where you are headed.. i was hoping to get to the changes necessary in the schema next, but seems like we will need a schema to create this.. and that those not using the schema will have to manually create something that looks like what is in the e-mail thread.. does that sound about right?
2013-09-13T19:25:36 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I guess you could call the thing you make a "schema", yes - although you could just inspect the existing component tree
2013-09-13T19:26:14 <Justin_o> Bosmon: oh you mean from the preference map?
2013-09-13T19:26:39 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, the preferences map
2013-09-13T19:26:58 <Justin_o> Bosmon: right now only panels and enactors have preference maps
2013-09-13T19:27:15 <Bosmon> Justin_o - but it is panels we are talking about
2013-09-13T19:27:15 <Justin_o> i would imagine that these components here would just be plain infusion components
2013-09-13T19:27:27 <Bosmon> Justin_o - they couldn\'t be, how could they be integrated into UIOptions?
2013-09-13T19:27:45 <Bosmon> "a plain infusion component" isn\'t a "UIOptions panel"
2013-09-13T19:27:49 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i think we\'re talking at different levels again
2013-09-13T19:28:13 <Bosmon> Well, we aren\'t coming up with a general solution to fix the renderer, we are talking exclusively about UIOptions panels here
2013-09-13T19:28:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so right now i\'m just talking about creating a panel that is composed of a many parts..
2013-09-13T19:28:23 <Justin_o> Bosmon: for sure
2013-09-13T19:28:52 <Bosmon> Justin_o - but in fact, each of these "parts" is in fact rendering a UIOptions preference
2013-09-13T19:28:57 <Justin_o> Bosmon: basically to creat panels like http://wiki.fluidproject.org/display/fluid/%28C4A%29+Preference+Editor+adjuster+mockups+for+iteration+2#id-%28C4A%29PreferenceEditoradjustermockupsforiteration2-5.Fullyexpandedviewshowingexamplesofhoveranddrop-downfunctionality%28contrastdeactivated%29
2013-09-13T19:29:02 <Bosmon> Therefore these "parts" should be integrated properly into the UIOptions infrastructure
2013-09-13T19:29:16 <Bosmon> It\'s no good abandoning all of the work that we just put so much mental effort into : P
2013-09-13T19:30:16 <Bosmon> As you mentioned before, you\'ll find it impossible to efficiently produce the "grade-combining grade" necessary to aggregate the panels together, without making use of elements like the preferencesMap structure that we already required for the aux builder
2013-09-13T19:30:47 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m still envisioning that the panel will know that it is related to the UIO, but does the individual component need to? At some level it can\'t really.. since we would have a slider that we use for perference x and preference y.. it should really be associated with either.
2013-09-13T19:31:05 <Bosmon> Justin_o - of course the slider is associated with a preference!
2013-09-13T19:31:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: even the textFieldSlider we have now isn\'t
2013-09-13T19:31:26 <Justin_o> but the panel it is in, is
2013-09-13T19:31:32 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the textFieldSlider isn\'t a panel
2013-09-13T19:31:34 <Justin_o> that\'s why panels have to be unique in a way
2013-09-13T19:31:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes exactly
2013-09-13T19:32:05 * system64 joined the channel
2013-09-13T19:32:26 <Bosmon> Justin_o - do you see any UI widgets in that mockup that aren\'t associated with a preference? : P
2013-09-13T19:32:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so from the wireframes i sent you\xe2\x80\xa6 you have panels for increase size and speak text.. these both have many adjusters\xe2\x80\xa6 some of which are shared between the two panels.. how would we construct such a panel
2013-09-13T19:32:43 <Justin_o> so as to be able to reuse those parts that are common across both
2013-09-13T19:32:55 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I don\'t see any "adjustors which are shared between the two panels"
2013-09-13T19:33:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the -+ adjuster for example
2013-09-13T19:33:21 <Bosmon> The panels are quite distinct
2013-09-13T19:33:24 <Bosmon> And don\'t overlap in any way : P
2013-09-13T19:33:52 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I see 3 of these, they look separate to me
2013-09-13T19:33:59 <Bosmon> Each of them handles just one preference
2013-09-13T19:34:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it looks to me that the first adjuster in both are created from the same thing, but work on a different part of the model
2013-09-13T19:35:06 <Justin_o> that being "text size" and "words spoken per minute"
2013-09-13T19:35:31 <Justin_o> and there is also "Magnification"
2013-09-13T19:36:06 <Bosmon> Justin_o - this wasn\'t a problem for us, dealing with the textfieldSlider ...
2013-09-13T19:36:10 <Bosmon> For example, we use configuration like this:
2013-09-13T19:36:21 <Bosmon> protoTree: {
2013-09-13T19:36:22 <Bosmon> label: {messagekey: "textSizeLabel"},
2013-09-13T19:36:22 <Bosmon> smallIcon: {messagekey: "textSizeSmallIcon"},
2013-09-13T19:36:22 <Bosmon> largeIcon: {messagekey: "textSizeLargeIcon"},
2013-09-13T19:36:22 <Bosmon> multiplier: {messagekey: "multiplier"},
2013-09-13T19:36:22 <Bosmon> textSize: {
2013-09-13T19:36:22 <Bosmon> decorators: {
2013-09-13T19:36:22 <Bosmon> type: "fluid",
2013-09-13T19:36:23 <Bosmon> func: "fluid.uiOptions.textfieldSlider"
2013-09-13T19:36:23 <Bosmon> }
2013-09-13T19:36:24 <Bosmon> }
2013-09-13T19:36:33 <Bosmon> We would carry on doing the same
2013-09-13T19:36:48 <Bosmon> Just with a different component type in place of "textfieldSlider"
2013-09-13T19:37:12 <Bosmon> This would represent the "thing" you are talking about
2013-09-13T19:37:25 <Bosmon> This is configuration taken from "fluid.uiOptions.panels.textSize"
2013-09-13T19:37:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes we could keep doing that.. although i\'d probably just make it a real subcomponent so that it showed up on the IoC tree\xe2\x80\xa6 but we\'d still need to configure the model relay for this
2013-09-13T19:37:35 <Bosmon> In our Panels.js
2013-09-13T19:37:54 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, but we already have the infrastructure necessary to automatically configure modelRelay
2013-09-13T19:37:58 <Bosmon> That we build as part of the auxBuilder
2013-09-13T19:38:05 <Bosmon> built
2013-09-13T19:38:37 <Justin_o> Bosmon: but that would assume that the textfieldSlider or whatever component would have a preferenceMap, but it wouldn\'t make sense for that really
2013-09-13T19:39:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the only way i can see around that is to use it as a sub grade of something that just had a preferenceMap on it
2013-09-13T19:39:31 <Bosmon> Justin_o - the panel combiner combines things which are already panels, into other things which are panels
2013-09-13T19:39:52 <Bosmon> ALL of these things have preferenceMaps
2013-09-13T19:39:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay\xe2\x80\xa6 that would make sense so that each of these adjusters could be a panel on it\'s own
2013-09-13T19:40:00 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2013-09-13T19:40:03 <Bosmon> Not "could be"
2013-09-13T19:40:08 <Justin_o> Bosmon: are
2013-09-13T19:40:08 <Bosmon> "must necessarily be" : P
2013-09-13T19:40:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: you are saying that a panel can be a collection of panels?
2013-09-13T19:40:42 <Bosmon> Justin_o - "must necessarily be" : P
2013-09-13T19:41:06 <Bosmon> This was the "grade-combining grade" that I was referring to
2013-09-13T19:41:23 <Bosmon> I guess it would be clearer if I had said "panel-combining panel"
2013-09-13T19:41:36 <Bosmon> But I had assumed we were already talking about panels : P
2013-09-13T19:42:27 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :)
2013-09-13T19:42:45 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. just looked at the base grade for panels, and this does make sense https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/uiOptions/js/Panels.js#L23-L30
2013-09-13T19:43:05 <Justin_o> i had been thinking there was a bit more to a basic panel, but it is really just a rendererComponent and modelRelay
2013-09-13T19:43:06 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes, that would need to be kicked out
2013-09-13T19:43:11 <Bosmon> That is, the base grade of "rendererComponent"
2013-09-13T19:43:19 <Justin_o> Bosmon: really
2013-09-13T19:43:21 <Justin_o> why sow
2013-09-13T19:43:23 <Justin_o> so
2013-09-13T19:43:25 <Justin_o> ?
2013-09-13T19:43:27 <Bosmon> You would need to knock that down to viewComponent, plus whatever new grade you came up with
2013-09-13T19:43:32 <Bosmon> This is what I was referring to on the 10th
'

b'2013-09-13T00:28:16 * mbrenn_iskme has quit
2013-09-13T00:39:56 * mbrenn_iskme joined the channel
2013-09-13T00:40:12 * mbrenn_iskme has left the channel
2013-09-13T00:40:13 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T01:09:54 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-13T01:10:06 * jessm has quit
2013-09-13T01:57:06 * sgithens has quit
2013-09-13T02:15:09 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T02:45:45 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T02:50:02 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-09-13T02:53:47 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T02:57:33 * sgithens has quit
2013-09-13T03:10:26 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-09-13T04:16:43 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T04:20:54 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T04:47:26 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T04:52:09 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T05:18:12 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T05:22:55 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T05:49:04 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T05:53:35 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T06:50:11 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T06:54:35 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T07:20:58 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T07:25:18 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T07:36:36 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-13T07:41:27 * amilchev joined the channel
2013-09-13T07:51:45 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T07:56:19 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T08:27:08 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-09-13T08:28:22 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-13T08:35:40 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-09-13T08:41:35 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-13T08:52:53 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T08:57:22 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T09:12:47 * jhernandez joined the channel
2013-09-13T09:23:39 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T09:28:27 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T09:54:21 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T09:58:30 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T10:25:07 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T10:29:39 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T10:53:56 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T11:21:41 * Justin_o joined the channel
2013-09-13T11:43:42 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T11:43:55 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T11:50:57 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T11:51:25 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T11:58:21 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-13T11:59:22 * sgithens has quit
2013-09-13T12:00:51 * Justin_o joined the channel
2013-09-13T12:02:49 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-13T12:15:03 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-09-13T12:25:09 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-09-13T12:29:47 * kasparnet has quit
2013-09-13T12:32:00 * jhung joined the channel
2013-09-13T12:41:17 * mrvisser_ joined the channel
2013-09-13T12:41:57 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T12:44:23 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-09-13T12:45:11 * mrvisser_ has quit
2013-09-13T12:45:29 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T12:51:09 * mrvisser has quit
2013-09-13T12:57:24 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-13T12:57:40 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-09-13T13:00:04 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-09-13T13:07:34 * greggy joined the channel
2013-09-13T13:11:09 * anvk joined the channel
2013-09-13T13:32:06 * jhung has quit
2013-09-13T13:38:29 * jhung joined the channel
2013-09-13T13:45:18 <amilchev> Justin_o: hi there
2013-09-13T13:45:28 <amilchev> Justin_o: thanks for the comment in the list
2013-09-13T13:45:40 <Justin_o> amilchev: hello, no problem. hope it was helpful
2013-09-13T13:46:53 <amilchev> Justin_o: on the question you asked, I didn\'t write combobox.js myself, I got it ready and modificated one or two things
2013-09-13T13:49:18 <amilchev> Justin_o: it was helpful indeed, I learned how to declaratively call jQuery funcs
2013-09-13T13:50:19 <Justin_o> amilchev: where did you get combobox.js from and what changes did you make to it?
2013-09-13T13:51:18 <amilchev> Justin_o: http://jqueryui.com/autocomplete/#combobox  - click on "view source"
2013-09-13T13:53:21 <Justin_o> amilchev: oh i see
2013-09-13T13:54:09 <amilchev> Justin_o: what I edited was mainly to trigger change event after line 67 (and remove some unneeded stuff like like 164-5-6)
2013-09-13T13:55:57 <amilchev> Justin_o: however, the combobox() function isn\'t added to the dom object - what you suggested throws {that}.dom.auditoryOutLanguage has no member named combobox which is a function
2013-09-13T13:57:00 <amilchev> Justin_o: in the console, when I type hook.locate("auditoryOutLanguage").combobox() still doesn\'t find it (any other jQuery func like hide or show works) (hook is the panel)
2013-09-13T13:57:25 <amilchev> so it\'s not like the func is added after it was called, it isn\'t added at all
2013-09-13T13:57:56 <Justin_o> amilchev: i would image that this would actually have created a combobox hook.locate("auditoryOutLanguage").combobox()
2013-09-13T13:58:12 <Justin_o> but it didn\'t?
2013-09-13T13:58:15 <amilchev> no
2013-09-13T13:58:17 <amilchev> it doesn\'t
2013-09-13T13:58:43 <amilchev> returns TypeError: Object [object Object] has no method \'combobox\'
2013-09-13T13:59:27 <amilchev> $("#auditoryOutLanguage").combobox() works
2013-09-13T13:59:57 <Justin_o> amilchev: okay.. i think i know what the issue is.. but for starters you don\'t need this line $(function() {
2013-09-13T13:59:58 <Justin_o> $( "#combobox" ).combobox();
2013-09-13T13:59:58 <Justin_o> });
2013-09-13T14:00:12 <Justin_o> amilchev: I think that\'s just the initialization from the demo..
2013-09-13T14:00:36 <Justin_o> amilchev: also the problem you are having probably has to do with the issue i mentioned with two versions of jQuery on the page
2013-09-13T14:02:07 <Justin_o> amilchev: what you have done is to basically create a jQuery plugin that you\'ve added to the jQuery object, but this is the 1.9.1 version that you imported. However infusion is using its own version of infusion, which doesn\'t have this plugin attached to it.
2013-09-13T14:02:57 <Justin_o> amilchev: because the 1.9.1 version was added after infusion.. all new calls to jQuery use it. which is why calling $("#auditoryOutLanguage").combobox() works
2013-09-13T14:03:23 <amilchev> Justin_o: yes, I thought of that..
2013-09-13T14:05:09 <Justin_o> amilchev: you should be able to drop jQuery 1.9.1 without any issues, as I think jQueryUI works with older versions of jQuery. However, you may run into issues as I see you are also using the new version of jQueryUI.
2013-09-13T14:05:33 <Justin_o> infusion also includes an older version of this, so you may still run into the version conflicts with it.
2013-09-13T14:06:24 <amilchev> Justin_o: in the next month or two that perhaps would not be a problem, sure?
2013-09-13T14:07:48 <Justin_o> amilchev: yes.. we should be upgrading our jQuery dependencies in roughly that time frame..
2013-09-13T14:08:24 <Justin_o> amilchev: so it looks like the autocomplete component existed in jQuery 1.8 which is what is currently in infusion http://api.jqueryui.com/1.8/autocomplete/
2013-09-13T14:10:18 <amilchev> Justin_o: hm.. $.fn.jquery in the console returns "1.7.2" to me .. I guess I\'m not using the latest infusion
2013-09-13T14:12:11 <Justin_o> amilchev: so you can try just removing the jQuery and jQueryUI imports you have and see if things still work.. although there may have been changes to the widget factory which may cause your plugin to break. You might also want to explore making this an infusion type component instead of a jQuery function. you can just create a wrapper around it similar to what has been done in textfieldslider
2013-09-13T14:12:11 <Justin_o> https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/src/components/uiOptions/js/TextfieldSlider.js. It\'s often a good idea to wrap 3rd party dependencies when you can.
2013-09-13T14:12:13 * avtar joined the channel
2013-09-13T14:12:43 <Justin_o> amilchev: that\'s correct.. the version of jQuery is 1.7.2, but we use jQuery UI 1.8.18
2013-09-13T14:12:53 <Justin_o> amilchev: https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/blob/master/ReleaseNotes.txt
2013-09-13T14:13:49 <amilchev> Justin_o: and as far as removing $(function() { $( "#combobox" ).combobox(); }); - I guess I forgot that, but there I have $.noConflict(); call, without which $("").combobox() in the console either
2013-09-13T14:14:06 <amilchev> doesn\'t work
2013-09-13T14:15:11 <Justin_o> amilchev: noConflict won\'t really help you here I don\'t think, but anyways, that prevents conflicts from happening later.. so you would have used that in between infusion and the new jQuery. it basically just frees up the jQuery namespace
2013-09-13T14:16:53 <amilchev> Justin_o: so what do you suggest?
2013-09-13T14:18:02 <amilchev> don\'t tell me I have to change the whole of it...
2013-09-13T14:26:42 <Justin_o> amilchev: personally i would have written it as a infusion component. But i can understand why you would want to use this style. colinclark, Bosmon, yzen, and michelled might have opinions on which route to take. In the meantime if you want to continue using the plugin style my first suggestion would be to drop the new jQuery and jQuery UI dependencies that you are bringing in and instead just bring in the 1.8
2013-09-13T14:26:42 <Justin_o> version of the autocomplete widget (as well as any of its dependencies that we don\'t already have in infusion, if any). If this works then you are good. If not, you will need to figure out what changes are needed probably from looking at the release notes or upgrade docs between the versions. Also, you should make sure you properly attribute where the code came from that you are modifying and make sure that it i
2013-09-13T14:26:43 <Justin_o> appropriately licensed.
2013-09-13T14:28:15 <Justin_o> amilchev: these are the jQueryUI parts we bring in https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/tree/master/src/lib/jquery/ui/js
2013-09-13T14:32:30 <amilchev> Justin_o: so I should stick to http://api.jqueryui.com/1.8/autocomplete/
2013-09-13T14:33:31 <amilchev> in other words, use
2013-09-13T14:33:31 <amilchev> <script src="http://code.jquery.com/jquery-1.8.2.js"></script>
2013-09-13T14:33:31 <amilchev> <script src="http://code.jquery.com/ui/1.8.24/jquery-ui.js"></script>
2013-09-13T14:33:43 <amilchev> is that right
2013-09-13T14:34:01 <Justin_o> amilchev: ah.. no.. you can drop both of those
2013-09-13T14:35:23 <Justin_o> amilchev: it would mean pulling in just the autocomplete file https://github.com/jquery/jquery-ui/blob/1-8-stable/ui/jquery.ui.autocomplete.js
2013-09-13T14:35:36 <amilchev> does jQuery UI 1.8.18 support the autocomplete
2013-09-13T14:35:40 <Justin_o> you\'ll probably need to download and add it to the lib directory and reference it from there
2013-09-13T14:36:29 <Justin_o> amilchev: seems like it, in infusion we have only pulled in the widgets we use, which is why you\'d have to add this one in sepearately
2013-09-13T14:36:45 <amilchev> Justin_o: now I get it, ok
2013-09-13T14:38:54 <Justin_o> amilchev: cool\xe2\x80\xa6 let us know how that goes\xe2\x80\xa6 and i guess we can chat at the next meeting about whether we should use the jQueryUI plugin style or infusion component wrapper..
2013-09-13T14:41:07 <amilchev> Justin_o: I\'m about to leave soon.. if you have any more ideas, suggestions, anything that could help .. I\'d love to hear it as deadlines are approaching
2013-09-13T14:41:35 <Justin_o> amilchev: can\'t think of anything at the moment
2013-09-13T14:42:56 <amilchev> Justin_o: ok, thank you for the time then
2013-09-13T14:43:11 <Justin_o> no problem.. any time
2013-09-13T14:43:20 <amilchev> bye
2013-09-13T14:43:29 * amilchev has left the channel
2013-09-13T14:47:53 * clown joined the channel
2013-09-13T15:08:27 * colinclark has quit
2013-09-13T15:14:29 * jhung1 joined the channel
2013-09-13T15:16:20 * sgithens has quit
2013-09-13T15:17:19 * jhung has quit
2013-09-13T15:28:10 * jessm_ joined the channel
2013-09-13T15:29:56 * jessm has quit
2013-09-13T15:29:57 * jessm_ is now known as jessm
2013-09-13T15:30:22 * jessm has quit
2013-09-13T15:35:13 * jessm joined the channel
2013-09-13T15:35:24 * system64 joined the channel
2013-09-13T15:44:43 * jhung1 is now known as jhung
2013-09-13T15:48:21 * jhung is now known as jhung_away
2013-09-13T16:07:04 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-09-13T16:08:53 * jhung_away has quit
2013-09-13T16:18:07 * Justin_o has quit
2013-09-13T16:19:06 * Justin_o joined the channel
'

