b'2013-10-10T19:02:37 <anastasiac> hm. The full-page demos fail if the file is not included
2013-10-10T19:02:44 <cindyli> ha
2013-10-10T19:12:22 <anastasiac> Justin_o: http://issues.fluidproject.org/browse/FLUID-5178
2013-10-10T19:13:43 <anastasiac> Justin_o, I\'ve added that JIRA to the DT iteration page
2013-10-10T19:14:06 <anastasiac> I wonder if we should rename that page to Exploration Tool...
2013-10-10T19:19:41 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-10-10T19:25:19 <Justin_o> anastasiac: i guess we could.. i can\'t remember the reason we didn\'t change all those when we renamed the component.. maybe jessm or jhung know
2013-10-10T19:27:20 * mancoolgunda joined the channel
2013-10-10T19:27:35 * mancoolgunda has left the channel
2013-10-10T19:31:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks.. we\'re going to move forward with it and fix the typos :)
2013-10-10T19:42:46 <Justin_o> michelled: could you please review https://github.com/fluid-project/infusion/pull/416
2013-10-10T19:43:00 <Justin_o> anastasiac: submitted a pull request for FLUID-5178 thanks for spotting that issue
2013-10-10T19:43:11 <anastasiac> np, Justin_o
2013-10-10T19:49:01 * yzen joined the channel
2013-10-10T19:52:22 * cindyli has quit
2013-10-10T19:55:35 * avtar has quit
2013-10-10T20:07:26 * avtar joined the channel
2013-10-10T20:17:37 * yzen has quit
2013-10-10T20:23:29 * Bosmon has quit
2013-10-10T20:24:21 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-10-10T20:25:56 <anastasiac> Justin_o and cindyli, can the "new" uiOptions component be invoked in full-page mode?
2013-10-10T20:50:38 * anvk has quit
2013-10-10T20:50:51 * colinclark has quit
2013-10-10T20:56:29 * Bosmon joined the channel
2013-10-10T20:56:46 * kasparnet has quit
2013-10-10T20:57:21 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-10-10T20:59:40 * sgithens has quit
2013-10-10T21:01:43 * kasparnet has quit
2013-10-10T21:04:02 * greggy has quit
2013-10-10T21:09:40 * anastasiac has quit
2013-10-10T21:13:05 * notsocivilized joined the channel
2013-10-10T21:25:44 * mrvisser has quit
2013-10-10T21:26:36 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-10-10T21:29:06 * mrvisser has quit
2013-10-10T21:44:56 * notsocivilized is now known as notsocivilized|a
2013-10-10T22:13:16 * jessm has quit
2013-10-10T22:15:20 * vjoanna has quit
2013-10-10T22:24:22 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-10-10T22:35:24 * avtar has quit
2013-10-10T22:39:46 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-10-10T22:45:48 * mrvisser has quit
2013-10-10T23:03:51 * michelled has quit
2013-10-10T23:08:06 * notsocivilized|a has left the channel
2013-10-10T23:26:51 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-10-10T23:39:26 * jessm joined the channel
2013-10-10T23:39:31 * jessm has quit
2013-10-10T23:46:59 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-10-10T23:52:42 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-10-10T23:55:04 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-10-10T23:58:04 * thealphanerd has quit
'

b'2013-10-10T00:26:44 * avtar joined the channel
2013-10-10T01:01:12 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-10-10T01:06:34 * mrvisser has quit
2013-10-10T01:12:19 * avtar has quit
2013-10-10T01:15:46 * danaayotte has quit
2013-10-10T01:33:04 * avtar joined the channel
2013-10-10T01:53:56 * michelled joined the channel
2013-10-10T04:03:04 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-10-10T04:03:08 * michelled has quit
2013-10-10T04:44:36 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-10-10T05:22:51 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-10-10T07:02:27 * colinclark has quit
2013-10-10T07:27:17 * avtar has quit
2013-10-10T07:28:10 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-10-10T07:48:42 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-10-10T09:09:54 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-10-10T09:17:21 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-10-10T09:21:30 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-10-10T10:22:00 * [o__o] joined the channel
2013-10-10T10:27:35 * -- BotBot disconnected, possible missing messages --
2013-10-10T10:54:23 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-10-10T10:56:19 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-10-10T11:36:02 * thealphanerd has quit
2013-10-10T11:46:36 * michelled joined the channel
2013-10-10T12:08:02 * mrvisser has quit
2013-10-10T12:19:01 * amilchev joined the channel
2013-10-10T12:24:39 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-10-10T12:39:58 * jhung joined the channel
2013-10-10T12:51:19 * anvk joined the channel
2013-10-10T13:12:31 * greggy joined the channel
2013-10-10T13:14:17 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-10-10T13:16:44 <jhung> Justin_o: FYI, I submitted 2 new pull requests.
2013-10-10T13:21:13 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks.. i\'ll take a look
2013-10-10T13:29:08 * yzen joined the channel
2013-10-10T13:32:02 * sgithens has quit
2013-10-10T13:32:17 * vjoanna joined the channel
2013-10-10T13:36:14 * jessm joined the channel
2013-10-10T13:38:01 * michelled has quit
2013-10-10T13:47:32 * danaayotte joined the channel
2013-10-10T13:47:36 * jessm has quit
2013-10-10T13:59:22 * jessm joined the channel
2013-10-10T14:13:17 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-10-10T14:17:42 * michelled joined the channel
2013-10-10T14:18:40 <Justin_o> jhung: are there any dependencies between the pull requests you\'ve filed for the prefsEditor
2013-10-10T14:22:10 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-10-10T14:23:46 <jhung> Justin_o: I guess GPII-195 and GPII-205 should go first then GPII-193.
2013-10-10T14:24:11 <jhung> Justin_o:  GPII-193 may be conflicted after those two go in, so let me know if that needs fixing.
2013-10-10T14:24:27 <Justin_o> jhung: okay.. i\'m testing out your GPII-193 now and the # is showing up in the url still :(
2013-10-10T14:24:36 <Justin_o> i\'ll switch to the others and come back to GPII-193
2013-10-10T14:32:24 <Justin_o> jhung: merged in the GPII-195 pull request.. will look at GPII-205 now
2013-10-10T14:32:37 <jhung> great thanks Justin_o
2013-10-10T14:32:45 <jhung> I\'m looking at GPII-193 now.
2013-10-10T14:33:04 <Justin_o> jhung:  sorry.. GPII-208 pull request is the one i\'ll look at, not 205..
2013-10-10T14:39:37 <Justin_o> jhung: GPII-208 has been merged
2013-10-10T14:41:23 <jhung> great thanks Justin_o
2013-10-10T14:42:19 <Justin_o> michelled: we have a task to share out the nightly builds from the prefsEditors repo.. They are now in place at http://build.gpii.net/prefsEditors. Did you want to share that out?
2013-10-10T14:42:53 <michelled> Justin_o: the call you are on is probably the right place to do that
2013-10-10T14:43:10 <michelled> and also to encourage everyone to make pull requests so their work can be built nightly
2013-10-10T14:43:22 <michelled> if there\'s time, can you bring it up?
2013-10-10T14:43:42 <Justin_o> michelled: cool not sure i\'ll get a chance to talk, but i\'ll post something in the chat.
2013-10-10T15:12:14 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-10-10T15:38:22 * amilchev has left the channel
2013-10-10T15:45:32 * kasparnet has quit
2013-10-10T15:53:23 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-10-10T15:55:13 * sgithens has quit
2013-10-10T16:15:48 * greggy has quit
2013-10-10T16:40:06 * greggy joined the channel
2013-10-10T17:08:37 * colinclark has quit
2013-10-10T17:09:39 * avtar joined the channel
2013-10-10T17:09:55 <avtar> Bosmon: ping
2013-10-10T17:10:07 <Bosmon> Hi there AVVTTAR
2013-10-10T17:10:37 <avtar> are we supposed to be on this call using skype?
2013-10-10T17:10:41 <avtar> or something else?
2013-10-10T17:11:01 <avtar> are we still having a call?
2013-10-10T17:11:10 <avtar> i have questions
2013-10-10T17:12:57 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-10-10T17:13:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: looks like you commented on the same part of the GPII-153 pull request as I did but with a different solution.. your\'s is simpler though
2013-10-10T17:14:27 <Bosmon> What are we going to do about this jquery combobox plugin he has dumped there?
2013-10-10T17:14:31 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also made those changes you recommended in the FLUID-5131 branch will be talking to cindyli about the aux schema soon.. would you like to be involved in the conversation?
2013-10-10T17:14:45 <Bosmon> Justin_o - in a bit, yes
2013-10-10T17:14:52 <Bosmon> On a call with AVVTTAR and others for an hour
2013-10-10T17:15:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: good question.. i did recommend him to rewrite that as an Infusion Plugin.. i suppose you can request that again :) Seeing as you or Yura will be merging it in, i guess you can let him know if this will prevent it from being merged in
2013-10-10T17:15:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon: sure, let us know when you are ready.
2013-10-10T17:16:05 <Bosmon> Well, he could either rewrite it, or just wrap it
2013-10-10T17:16:13 <Bosmon> Or else submit it as a genuine jQuery plugin
2013-10-10T17:16:39 <Justin_o> what does the latter mean
2013-10-10T17:18:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ^
2013-10-10T17:24:13 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m going to sit with cindyli to chat about the aux schema stuff, can you ping her when you are ready to chat with us about it.
2013-10-10T17:24:15 <Bosmon> Justin_o - that is, he should submit it to jQuery! And manage it properly
2013-10-10T17:24:25 <Justin_o> Bosmon: ah i see
2013-10-10T17:24:30 <Bosmon> I\'m puzzled about his "lookupMsg" activity
2013-10-10T17:24:37 <Bosmon> And this business about looked.template
2013-10-10T17:24:46 <Bosmon> Do we have messages that look up to things with a member named template?
2013-10-10T17:25:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: the lookupMsg follows what was done in the Exploration Tool.. i think i expored just using the resolver directly, but can\'t seem to find those changes anywhere
2013-10-10T17:25:28 <Bosmon> It\'s a bit of a mess
2013-10-10T17:25:29 <Justin_o> i\'m not sure what the looked.template is
2013-10-10T17:25:34 <Bosmon> We should be able to resolve these messages simply as values
2013-10-10T17:25:41 <Bosmon> Without an indirect function
2013-10-10T17:25:54 <Justin_o> Bosmon: really.. how is that?
2013-10-10T17:26:01 <Justin_o> we don\'t have to go through the resolver
2013-10-10T17:26:17 <Bosmon> Well, I don\'t know, since I don\'t know what is in {uiOptionsLoader}.msgBundle ....
2013-10-10T17:26:36 <Justin_o> Bosmon: for now there are no string templates in there, but i guess there could be
2013-10-10T17:26:41 <Bosmon> But presumably he could just resolve these as something like {uiOptionsLoader}.msgBundle.tooltipChecked etc.
2013-10-10T17:27:28 <Justin_o> maybe you should look through how it\'s done in the Exploration Tool, so we can fix it there first :)
2013-10-10T17:28:23 <Justin_o> but it seems reasonable in strings to just assign the value out of the messsage bundle directly, since it shouldn\'t be resolved at that point.
2013-10-10T17:28:33 * yzen has quit
2013-10-10T17:29:14 <Justin_o> cindyli: you might want to see this ^ we should probably fix up any cases in infusion and the exploration tool
2013-10-10T17:29:16 * yzen joined the channel
2013-10-10T17:31:03 <cindyli> makes sense. thanks, guys
2013-10-10T17:37:56 <cindyli> Bosmon: was talking with Justin_o about the msgBundle and has some questions. the current {uiOptionsLoader}.msgBundle is the equivalent of the message resolver since all the renderer components need it for resolving messageKey
2013-10-10T17:38:35 <cindyli> you suggested to have something like {uiOptionsLoader}.msgBundle.tooltipChecked for resolving strings
2013-10-10T17:38:49 <cindyli> how can we accommodate both?
2013-10-10T17:39:14 <Bosmon> We could construct a fresh message bundle out of expressions like the latter
2013-10-10T17:41:21 <cindyli> Bosmon: do you mean to have 2 message bundles, one is the message resolver, the other contains string mappings
2013-10-10T18:06:29 <cindyli> Bosmon: this is the sketch of the aux schema that Justin_o and I came up to express composite panel: http://pastie.org/8384340
2013-10-10T18:06:41 <cindyli> can you review it and feedback please
2013-10-10T18:09:40 <Bosmon> Hi Justin_o
2013-10-10T18:09:53 <Bosmon> I guess the "" fields are just placeholders,e tc.
2013-10-10T18:11:33 <Bosmon> I\'m puzzled that the format seems to provide that the same panel might appear both grouped and ungrouped at the same time
2013-10-10T18:24:15 * yzen has left the channel
2013-10-10T18:26:33 <Justin_o> Bosmon: yes.. we are trying to provide that
2013-10-10T18:27:08 <Bosmon> Justin_o - can you think of a design justification for that?
2013-10-10T18:27:15 <Justin_o> Bosmon: it\'s probably debatable if it\'s an actual issue, but we\'ve been trying to support allowing the same panel be used in multiple groups and a by itself if need be
2013-10-10T18:27:41 <Justin_o> Bosmon: probably along the lines of having multiple adjusters for the same preset
2013-10-10T18:27:44 <Bosmon> Have you seen any designs where the same control appears in multiple places?
2013-10-10T18:28:04 <Justin_o> Bosmon: no not yet, but we wanted this to flexible in case that ever did arise
2013-10-10T18:28:32 <Bosmon> Justin_o - my feeling is that this is one of those things that could be called a "white elephant generalisation" :)
2013-10-10T18:28:32 <Justin_o> Bosmon: if it is unreasonable, we can drop it... that\'s not a problem..
2013-10-10T18:28:50 <Justin_o> Bosmon: okay.. we can remove that one.. :)
2013-10-10T18:29:10 <Justin_o> Bosmon: also the "" are just placeholders.. how does the rest of it look though
2013-10-10T18:45:04 * jhung has quit
2013-10-10T18:47:38 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-10-10T18:48:05 * jhung joined the channel
2013-10-10T18:48:20 * mrvisser has quit
2013-10-10T18:48:31 * jhung has quit
2013-10-10T18:49:01 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-10-10T18:49:16 * jhung joined the channel
2013-10-10T18:49:21 * yzen joined the channel
2013-10-10T18:49:22 * thealphanerd joined the channel
2013-10-10T18:49:34 * jhung has quit
2013-10-10T18:49:39 * yzen has left the channel
2013-10-10T18:57:42 <anastasiac> Justin_o and/or cindyli: Could you tell me, with the new restructuring, what steps I now have to take to generate the generated CSS files for the prefs framework? is it an ant task, and if so what\'s the task name?
2013-10-10T18:58:26 <cindyli> anastasiac: it\'s a task named "generatePrefsEditorThemes"
2013-10-10T18:58:33 <Bosmon> Justin_o - it looks generally reasonable, plus or minus a few typos
2013-10-10T18:58:37 <anastasiac> cidnyli, is it "ant generatePrefsEditorThemes" ?
2013-10-10T18:58:50 <anastasiac> cindyli: ^
2013-10-10T18:59:33 <cindyli> anastasiac: ant generatePrefsEditorThemes -lib lib/rhino
2013-10-10T19:01:04 <anastasiac> cindyli and Justin_o: Should the StarterGrades.js file be required if I\'m working with the schema version of the starter set?
2013-10-10T19:02:22 <cindyli> anastasiac: shoouldn\'t need
2013-10-10T19:02:35 <cindyli> let us know if it\'s wrong :)
'

