b'2013-12-19T21:47:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: so the metadata work is pretty exclusive of the prefs framework.. except for the model relay :( i suppose we could try falling back to some other form of model sharing and see if that works
2013-12-19T21:48:04 <Justin_o> any other recommendations on that front?
2013-12-19T21:48:18 <Bosmon> Justin_o - there is a field "applierid" which is attached to every ChangeApplier
2013-12-19T21:48:27 <Bosmon> Which may be useful for you debugging which applier you are actually connected to
2013-12-19T21:48:55 <Justin_o> right.. i was trying to remember what i was debugging with before for the panels work..
2013-12-19T21:48:59 <Bosmon> This may help you discover where the old values are coming from, or why the old listeners have not been unbound
2013-12-19T21:48:59 <Justin_o> okay we can try to look at that
2013-12-19T21:49:18 <Justin_o> Bosmon: that makes sense
2013-12-19T21:49:45 <Bosmon> The "old ModelRelay" *does* have a branch which is meant to unbind it from a component on destroy
2013-12-19T21:49:58 <Bosmon> So it\'s worth stepping through that to see if for some reason it is ineffective
2013-12-19T21:50:26 <Justin_o> okay.. will do.. thanks for the help
2013-12-19T21:50:54 <Bosmon> In particular you can see this implementation  - "fluid.prefs.modelRelay.removeListeners"
2013-12-19T21:52:30 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:52:38 <Justin_o> Bosmon: thanks
2013-12-19T21:53:31 * cindyli has quit
2013-12-19T21:56:39 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T22:07:37 * clown has left the channel
2013-12-19T22:37:11 * anastasiac has quit
2013-12-19T22:45:20 * danaayotte__ has quit
2013-12-19T22:48:40 * yzen has quit
2013-12-19T22:48:56 * mrvisser has quit
2013-12-19T23:02:49 * michelled has quit
2013-12-19T23:08:14 * jessm has quit
2013-12-19T23:09:11 * vjoanna1 has quit
2013-12-19T23:14:13 * colinclark has quit
2013-12-19T23:18:35 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-12-19T23:41:27 * sgithens has quit
2013-12-19T23:41:36 * yzen joined the channel
2013-12-19T23:41:41 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-12-19T23:45:03 * yzen has quit
'

b'2013-12-19T18:11:51 <colinclark> which will launch the PCP
2013-12-19T18:14:46 <colinclark> and from the PCP, the user can click the "All Preferences" button to get to the PMT
2013-12-19T18:14:49 <colinclark> is that correct, kasparnet?
2013-12-19T18:15:44 <colinclark> yzen: While we\'re waiting for kasparnet, I have another question...
2013-12-19T18:15:47 <colinclark> How will the PCP get the user\'s token and preference set?
2013-12-19T18:15:58 <colinclark> When it starts up, will it make a request via web sockets to the local Flow Manager?
2013-12-19T18:16:06 <colinclark> and if so, is that feature also part of GPII-75?
2013-12-19T18:16:10 <yzen> not really
2013-12-19T18:16:38 <yzen> so personally it\'s not 100% clear to me how PCP will have the token, that\'s what 290 is about imo
2013-12-19T18:16:57 <yzen> PCP talks to the flow manager over web sockets only to make updates
2013-12-19T18:17:56 <colinclark> So Boyan\'s email was suggesting that we don\'t need GPII-290
2013-12-19T18:18:08 <colinclark> but you\'re thinking--as I am--that in fact it\'s critical for end-to-end integration?
2013-12-19T18:22:20 <colinclark> It turns out I am somewhat incorrect
2013-12-19T18:22:25 <colinclark> and vjoanna will set me straight :)
2013-12-19T18:24:05 * danaayotte_ has quit
2013-12-19T18:29:42 <vjoanna> kasparnet, colinclark: I think the design intention is that the user opens the PMT from a desktop shortcut. Here they could create an account. On closing the PMT, the PCP launches and persists. The PCP closes if the user opens the PMT or logs out. The PCP reopens if the user closes the PMT or logs back in.
2013-12-19T18:30:05 <vjoanna> jessm, danaayotte: does this sound right ^
2013-12-19T18:31:08 <kasparnet> colinclark: sorry, dinner was ready so jumped afk to eat
2013-12-19T18:31:11 <kasparnet> yes, that\'s correct
2013-12-19T18:32:40 <kasparnet> colinclark: ok - made it down to vjoanna\'s comment, and that might be more correct :)
2013-12-19T18:33:13 * vjoanna has left the channel
2013-12-19T18:33:44 * vjoanna joined the channel
2013-12-19T18:34:46 <jessm> vjoanna: +1 that\'s what I\'ve understood
2013-12-19T18:34:57 <jessm> kasparnet: i think folks have gone to get grub on this end too
2013-12-19T18:35:25 <kasparnet> jessm: hehe cool
2013-12-19T18:35:28 <kasparnet> thanks
2013-12-19T18:59:28 * michelled joined the channel
2013-12-19T19:01:25 * michelled has quit
2013-12-19T19:12:26 * michelled joined the channel
2013-12-19T19:14:59 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T19:16:31 * michelled has quit
2013-12-19T19:17:56 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2013-12-19T19:21:28 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2013-12-19T19:29:23 <colinclark> Ok, so there\'s a bit more for us to think through
2013-12-19T19:29:37 <colinclark> So in the case of a first-time launch of the PMT, we don\'t need to worry about the user\'s token
2013-12-19T19:29:45 <colinclark> but if they subsequently launch the PMT, we do need to know it
2013-12-19T19:30:00 <colinclark> similarly, we need some means to tell the PCP what the user\'s token is
2013-12-19T19:30:37 <colinclark> if we\'re autolaunching the PCP, we can use our current Launch Handler to do this and to pass the user\'s token as a query parameter in the URL
2013-12-19T19:31:00 <colinclark> but for the PMT, we need some means whereby it can request the user\'s token
2013-12-19T19:31:07 <colinclark> kasparnet: Is this making sense to you? ^
2013-12-19T19:34:55 <kasparnet> yeah, it does
2013-12-19T19:36:00 <kasparnet> colinclark: I seem to remember us talking about some completely different use case where exposing the token would be helpful... though I forget what it was exactly
2013-12-19T19:40:00 <colinclark> yzen: So what would it mean from a development perspective to add support for querying the user token via web sockets?
2013-12-19T19:40:23 <colinclark> In other words, what would someone actually have to do?
2013-12-19T19:41:17 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T19:41:44 <yzen> well on the server that would mean having the sockets io handler that would resolve such requests, on the client it would mean connecting to the specific url with web sockets and sending some sort of message ,
2013-12-19T19:46:12 <kasparnet> yzen: is GPII-270 dependent on GPII-75 (pull request wise)?
2013-12-19T19:46:26 <yzen> yes
2013-12-19T19:46:29 <yzen> no tests
2013-12-19T19:46:34 <kasparnet> yzen: also without the tests?
2013-12-19T19:46:47 <yzen> yes tests will be added after 75
2013-12-19T19:47:13 <kasparnet> yzen: ok, but if nick wants to try it out with the RB MM he wouldn\'t need to merge in GPII-75
2013-12-19T19:47:15 <kasparnet> ?*
2013-12-19T19:47:41 <yzen> np
2013-12-19T19:47:42 <yzen> np
2013-12-19T19:47:45 <yzen> urgh
2013-12-19T19:47:46 <yzen> no
2013-12-19T19:48:17 <kasparnet> ok, cool
2013-12-19T19:48:28 <kasparnet> haha
2013-12-19T19:49:57 * clown_mtg has quit
2013-12-19T19:50:03 * clown joined the channel
2013-12-19T19:50:49 <kasparnet> yzen: ok so I\'m getting lost in all the negatives here.. let me try again
2013-12-19T19:50:58 <yzen> so
2013-12-19T19:51:08 <yzen> 270 does not depend on 75
2013-12-19T19:51:22 <kasparnet> ok cool!
2013-12-19T19:51:24 <yzen> but it can\'t be merged until the 75 is in and i can write tests for 270
2013-12-19T19:52:20 <kasparnet> thanks yzen :)
2013-12-19T19:52:26 <yzen> np )
2013-12-19T20:02:36 * yzen has quit
2013-12-19T20:04:13 <jhung> Justin_o: for syntax highlighting for the markup viewer, are we using lib/highlight/styles/github.css
2013-12-19T20:04:14 <jhung> ?
2013-12-19T20:05:19 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'m looking at pull request 12 and noticed it was removed - I suspect this may be needed? https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/12/files
2013-12-19T20:09:28 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T20:12:27 * michelled joined the channel
2013-12-19T20:12:52 <colinclark> kasparnet: So what do you think we should do about the issue of passing the user token to the PCP/PMT?
2013-12-19T20:14:04 * michelled has quit
2013-12-19T20:14:39 * michelled joined the channel
2013-12-19T20:14:49 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T20:15:00 * yzen joined the channel
2013-12-19T20:19:24 <jessm> is Bosmon2 awake?
2013-12-19T20:24:24 <jessm> cindyli: anastasiac: i\'m looking to get a comprehensive list of places the Vid. Player is -- so far i have IDI, WordPress, ATutor and SNOW. does either of you know of other places where it\'s been integrated?
2013-12-19T20:24:32 <jessm> and cindyli did it ship in ATutor?
2013-12-19T20:25:08 <cindyli> as far as i know, not in ATutor yet, jessm
2013-12-19T20:26:05 <anastasiac> jessm, afaik, that list looks pretty good. I did have a few questions a week or two ago from an Astea developer about the video player; not sure where they\'re integrating it
2013-12-19T20:29:08 <jessm> cindyli: anastasiac: thanks muchly
2013-12-19T20:30:25 <jessm> anastasiac: do we know where david fourney was looking to integrate the vid. player? from the list thread?
2013-12-19T20:33:45 <colinclark> jessm: he is now, yes. Bosmon2 ^
2013-12-19T20:34:05 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T20:34:28 <jessm> Bosmon2: I\'m trying to track down links to work we\'ve done for a report to our funder on Floe. I wondered if you knew of any url for the PhET collaboration?
2013-12-19T20:34:40 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T20:35:09 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T20:41:07 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T20:54:58 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T20:55:42 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:13:03 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T21:19:20 <Justin_o> Bosmon2: are you there?
2013-12-19T21:34:21 * cindyli has quit
2013-12-19T21:34:51 * michelled has quit
2013-12-19T21:35:17 * anastasiac has quit
2013-12-19T21:35:43 * vjoanna1 joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:35:54 * clown1 joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:36:11 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:37:12 * clown has quit
2013-12-19T21:37:25 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:37:27 * jessm_ joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:37:47 * vjoanna has quit
2013-12-19T21:37:47 * jessm has quit
2013-12-19T21:37:48 * sgithens has quit
2013-12-19T21:38:09 * jessm_ is now known as jessm
2013-12-19T21:38:21 * michelled joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:38:24 * danaayotte__ joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:38:30 * clown1 is now known as clown
2013-12-19T21:38:48 <Justin_o> Bosmon2: if you are around tomorrow morning Easter Time, I could use some help with debugging.. If you want to look it at another time, you can look at https://github.com/jobara/metadata/tree/FLOE-125.
2013-12-19T21:38:48 * danaayotte_ has quit
2013-12-19T21:38:53 * Bosmon2 is now known as Bosmon
2013-12-19T21:39:01 <Bosmon> Hi jessm
2013-12-19T21:39:10 <Bosmon> Easter Time? : P
2013-12-19T21:39:20 <Bosmon> What kind of problem are you having, Justin_o?
2013-12-19T21:39:29 <Justin_o> Bosmon2: the steps are 1) add a url for the video and press okay 2) change some of the values in the metadata
2013-12-19T21:39:39 <Justin_o> 3) hit restart and add a new video url and press okay
2013-12-19T21:39:47 <Justin_o> 4) notice that the old values are still there
2013-12-19T21:40:01 * colinclark_ joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:40:13 <Justin_o> what\'s weird is that we cleared the parent model that the sub  components are attached to, reset the markup, destroyed the sub components and recreated them
2013-12-19T21:40:34 <Justin_o> Bosmon: Easter time sounds happier :) or hoppier maybe
2013-12-19T21:41:49 * colinclark has quit
2013-12-19T21:41:50 * colinclark_ is now known as colinclark
2013-12-19T21:42:21 * jessm has quit
2013-12-19T21:42:52 <Justin_o> Bosmon: i\'m going to be heading out for the day soon.. do you have any thoughts and what time do you think you\'ll be on tomorrow?
2013-12-19T21:43:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - my feeling is that it may be related to the bug that I am constantly bugging you about :)
2013-12-19T21:44:06 <Justin_o> Bosmon: oh no ;(
2013-12-19T21:44:07 <Bosmon> The one detected by FLUID-4890
2013-12-19T21:44:20 <Justin_o> have you happened to figure out what\'s causing that?
2013-12-19T21:44:34 * jessm joined the channel
2013-12-19T21:44:35 <Bosmon> It is a kind of effect that is extremely likely, given that it seems that the whole preferences editing framework seems to be regularly making use of destroyed components
2013-12-19T21:44:53 <Bosmon> Justin_o - I haven\'t, other than it being some kind of implementation error in the preferences framework : P
2013-12-19T21:45:22 <Justin_o> Bosmon: :) okay..  the metadata demo doesn\'t use the prefs framework, save for the model relay
2013-12-19T21:45:28 <Bosmon> For example, I suspect it is very likely that the ModelRelay or some other kind of model binding is continuing to bind onto your destroyed component
2013-12-19T21:45:40 <Justin_o> Bosmon: well there we go
2013-12-19T21:45:53 <Justin_o> Bosmon: is your model relay framework ready to go?
2013-12-19T21:46:02 <Bosmon> Justin_o - yes
2013-12-19T21:46:13 <Justin_o> are there any examples of use that we can follow?
2013-12-19T21:46:19 <Bosmon> But it does need to go through a few hurdles yet
2013-12-19T21:46:25 <Bosmon> For a start it needs to be reviewed
2013-12-19T21:46:30 <Justin_o> :)
2013-12-19T21:46:42 <Bosmon> And - I suspect it will cause major upheaval to move all of prefs editing over to it
2013-12-19T21:46:44 <Justin_o> well we\'d need to have it by tomorrow morning unfortunately
2013-12-19T21:46:57 <Bosmon> And - it won\'t actually remedy the core failure which is being detected by FLUID-4890
2013-12-19T21:47:02 <Bosmon> Since your component lifecycle will stay the same
2013-12-19T21:47:04 <Bosmon> Yes
2013-12-19T21:47:12 <Bosmon> It will not be ready by tomorrow morning :)
'

b'2013-12-19T00:00:02 * danaayotte has quit
2013-12-19T00:10:10 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T00:10:48 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T00:26:15 * colinclark has quit
2013-12-19T00:39:40 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T00:54:43 * vjoanna has quit
2013-12-19T01:45:40 * mrvisser has quit
2013-12-19T01:48:21 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T01:57:35 * sgithens has quit
2013-12-19T02:02:44 * kasparnet has quit
2013-12-19T02:17:50 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T02:22:21 * Bosmon has quit
2013-12-19T02:26:54 * Bosmon joined the channel
2013-12-19T03:09:21 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T03:17:11 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T03:30:20 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T04:02:17 * yzen joined the channel
2013-12-19T04:45:54 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T06:46:01 * yzen has quit
2013-12-19T08:11:43 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2013-12-19T08:43:30 * the-t-in-rtf has quit
2013-12-19T09:10:45 * the-t-in-rtf joined the channel
2013-12-19T09:48:14 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-12-19T11:06:12 * kasparnet has quit
2013-12-19T11:32:53 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-12-19T11:37:20 * kasparnet has quit
2013-12-19T11:52:02 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-12-19T12:09:13 * amilchev joined the channel
2013-12-19T13:14:47 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T13:31:41 * mrvisser has quit
2013-12-19T13:32:17 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-12-19T13:32:46 <jhung> Good morning Justin_o - I pushed up changes for FLOE-128 last night. Please take a look. :)
2013-12-19T13:37:40 * mrvisser has quit
2013-12-19T13:38:25 <Justin_o> jhung: thanks.. i\'ll pull those down
2013-12-19T13:39:25 <jhung> Justin_o, on the positive side, I think I understand Bootstrap\'s grid system better, oh vey!
2013-12-19T13:40:29 <Justin_o> jhung: that\'s good :)
2013-12-19T13:40:51 <Justin_o> you might need to document that, or teach it to us someday :)
2013-12-19T13:42:47 <Justin_o> jhung: so the button doesn\'t stick out anymore, but it\'s still cut off..
2013-12-19T13:42:53 <Justin_o> did you want to screen share and I can show you?
2013-12-19T13:43:45 <jhung> sure Justin_o
2013-12-19T13:46:48 * anvk joined the channel
2013-12-19T13:55:05 * cindyli joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:14:46 * michelled joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:15:19 * jessm joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:21:06 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:21:50 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:22:29 * mrvisser joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:27:49 * clown joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:34:54 <cindyli> michelled: the generalization of caption inputs components doesn\'t seem can be quickly done. I\'m going to add a todo comment in the code for it to be improved in the future.
2013-12-19T14:35:30 * yzen joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:35:52 <michelled> thx cindyli
2013-12-19T14:37:38 <cindyli> michelled: the pull request for the captions panel is back ready - https://github.com/fluid-project/metadata/pull/7
2013-12-19T14:38:16 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:38:20 <michelled> thx cindyli
2013-12-19T14:38:29 <cindyli> np
2013-12-19T14:42:26 * kasparnet has quit
2013-12-19T14:47:20 <jhung> Justin_o: I\'ve updated FLOE-128. Hopefully this will be it. :)
2013-12-19T14:47:44 * sgithens has quit
2013-12-19T14:48:13 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2013-12-19T14:54:10 * michelled has quit
2013-12-19T14:59:27 * vjoanna joined the channel
2013-12-19T15:03:20 * kasparnet joined the channel
2013-12-19T15:06:23 * anastasiac joined the channel
2013-12-19T15:06:41 * amilchev has left the channel
2013-12-19T15:06:53 * michelled joined the channel
2013-12-19T15:07:58 <Justin_o> jhung: cool.. thanks.. i\'ll take a look at it again
2013-12-19T15:08:06 * clown is now known as clown_mtg
2013-12-19T15:15:15 <jhung> danaayotte_: let me know when you want to chat about FLOE-130. We\'ll probably do it over skype and do some screen sharing.
2013-12-19T15:15:54 <danaayotte_> will do jhung, thanks.  I\'m in a meeting until about 11.  Will ping you after that.
2013-12-19T15:16:48 <jhung> np danaayotte_
2013-12-19T15:29:26 <Justin_o> jhung: the "OK" button wraps to a new line, is that what you wanted?
2013-12-19T15:30:17 <jhung> Justin_o: you think it\'s okay? This way you can see more of the text area.
2013-12-19T15:31:00 <Justin_o> jhung:  it\'s better than the button cutting off :) I think i\'d prefer it beside, but i\'m fine if you and danaayotte_ are happy with it
2013-12-19T15:31:28 <jhung> Although having the OK button on the same line looks better Justin_o
2013-12-19T15:31:50 <jhung> Let me do a quick modification and see how it looks...
2013-12-19T15:31:56 <Justin_o> okay
2013-12-19T15:37:37 <jhung> Justin_o: I pushed up a change. It looks better with the button on the same line.
2013-12-19T15:37:48 <Justin_o> jhung: cool, thanks
2013-12-19T15:40:18 <Justin_o> jhung: looks better.. if you have time for nitpicking.. if you could make the padding to the right of the "OK" button match that of the padding to the left of the editor controls
2013-12-19T15:40:33 <Justin_o> jhung: that might help get some more room for the url bar
2013-12-19T15:40:59 <Justin_o> although now that i look at it, that may already be true for the mobile size anyways
2013-12-19T15:42:54 <jhung> Justin_o: So that\'s okay?
2013-12-19T15:43:28 <Justin_o> jhung: i think so.. i can show danaayotte_ if you like
2013-12-19T15:44:12 <danaayotte_> sure Justin_o
2013-12-19T15:44:41 <Justin_o> danaayotte_: whenever works for you
2013-12-19T15:45:36 * sgithens joined the channel
2013-12-19T15:53:12 * amilchev joined the channel
2013-12-19T15:54:29 <amilchev> hi, Justin_o
2013-12-19T15:55:12 <amilchev> Justin_o: sorry for forgetting to remove some old (and not needed) code, it\'s been a rush these days
2013-12-19T15:56:04 <amilchev> Justin_o: about the comment you referenced to cindy - the one with styling the radio buttons
2013-12-19T15:56:57 <amilchev> Justin_o: cindy had prepared a solution here https://github.com/cindyli/prefsEditors/tree/alex-gpii-271, more specifically https://github.com/cindyli/prefsEditors/blob/alex-gpii-271/src/shared/adjusters/js/Panels.js#L280
2013-12-19T15:58:02 <amilchev> Justin_o: but after saving, the styling breaks as you can see in her code
2013-12-19T16:02:14 <Justin_o> amilchev: no worries, totally understand the rush.. as for this last part, can you file a new jira for this too then.. if things are working now, we\'ll get to this post pilot.. maybe add a the jira number to the comment you have in the code already
2013-12-19T16:03:53 <amilchev> Justin_o: ok, I can do that - should I fire the other two jiras you suggested?
2013-12-19T16:05:30 <amilchev> Justin_o: the other jira* (singular) - about moving the "enum" strings into the messageBundle
2013-12-19T16:14:07 <Justin_o> amilchev: yes.. you can create a single jira for that and reference the two enums..
2013-12-19T16:14:11 <Justin_o> amilchev: thanks
2013-12-19T16:14:48 <Justin_o> amilchev: could you please let me know when you have pushed up all your changes?
2013-12-19T16:16:19 * michelled has quit
2013-12-19T16:17:38 <amilchev> Justin_o: just did, thanks
2013-12-19T16:18:23 <Justin_o> amilchev: thanks
2013-12-19T16:21:49 <amilchev> Justin_o: to whom should I assign the jiras for the enums and for the styling bug?
2013-12-19T16:22:11 <amilchev> not exactly a styling bug but you know what i mean
2013-12-19T16:24:28 <Justin_o> amilchev: hmm.. i guess that\'s a kasparnet question
2013-12-19T16:24:46 <Justin_o> amilchev: if you can leave them unassigned, that might be the way to go for now
2013-12-19T16:28:49 <amilchev> Justin_o: ok, I\'ll just try to explain best what exactly is needed
2013-12-19T16:30:09 * colinclark has quit
2013-12-19T16:32:35 <amilchev> Justin_o: I\'ll let you know when they\'re ready, I\'ll be leaving now, bye!
2013-12-19T16:34:02 * amilchev has left the channel
2013-12-19T16:55:45 * Bosmon2 joined the channel
2013-12-19T16:59:36 <Justin_o> yzen: i\'m passing off the gpii pull requests to you.. https://github.com/GPII/prefsEditors/pulls I believe amilchev has addressed or filed jiras for the last comments I had. As for chris, I\'ve left one more, which will likely result in a  file being removed. Not sure if he will get to that today or tomorrow.
2013-12-19T16:59:45 <yzen> Cool
2013-12-19T17:01:23 * danaayotte_ has quit
2013-12-19T17:01:23 * Bosmon has quit
2013-12-19T17:05:09 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2013-12-19T17:08:06 * danaayotte_ has quit
2013-12-19T17:10:25 <Justin_o> yzen: is there an easy way to set the value of something declaratively.. for example if i wanted to set a member value after an event has fired
2013-12-19T17:10:26 * yzen has quit
2013-12-19T17:11:42 * yzen joined the channel
2013-12-19T17:14:15 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2013-12-19T17:18:34 * danaayotte_ has quit
2013-12-19T17:24:24 * danaayotte_ joined the channel
2013-12-19T17:25:39 * colinclark joined the channel
2013-12-19T17:37:47 <Justin_o> cindyli: pushed up some more changes for FLOE-125.. not quite there yet, but getting closer
2013-12-19T17:38:04 <cindyli> cool. thanks, Justin_o
2013-12-19T17:48:11 <colinclark> hey yzen, do you have time for a few dumb questions from me?
2013-12-19T17:48:41 <yzen> colinclark: fire away
2013-12-19T17:50:45 <colinclark> sorry, my parents are singing
2013-12-19T17:50:46 <colinclark> one sec
2013-12-19T18:00:51 <colinclark> ok, sorry
2013-12-19T18:01:27 <colinclark> yzen: Is http://issues.gpii.net/browse/GPII-269 part of your current work on GPII-75?
2013-12-19T18:01:33 <yzen> yes
2013-12-19T18:01:39 <colinclark> That\'s great
2013-12-19T18:01:59 <colinclark> I\'m reading Boyan\'s email and wondering if there\'s another side to all of this
2013-12-19T18:02:39 <colinclark> Some of the details are a bit fuzzy
2013-12-19T18:02:50 <colinclark> But I\'m assuming we\'re going to need to launch the PCP for the user, perhaps automatically
2013-12-19T18:03:02 <colinclark> Or will that happen via a desktop shortcut
2013-12-19T18:03:09 <colinclark> kasparnet might know this more clearly than me
2013-12-19T18:03:30 <yzen> colinclark: i think kasparnet was thinking the latter
2013-12-19T18:03:52 <colinclark> So both the PCP and the PMT will be launched via different desktop shortcuts?
2013-12-19T18:03:53 * jhung has quit
2013-12-19T18:04:35 <yzen> i think so
2013-12-19T18:04:41 * jhung joined the channel
2013-12-19T18:05:02 <yzen> i think the main issue re GPII-290 is the external user listener , e.g. RFID etc
2013-12-19T18:05:46 <kasparnet> colinclark, yzen: I believe the plan is to launch the PMT using a desktop shortcut, and then launch the PCP from the PMT
2013-12-19T18:06:19 <kasparnet> at least that\'s the decision as I remember it from a PCP/PMT meeting a while back
2013-12-19T18:06:52 <kasparnet> jessm: do you remember this ^?
2013-12-19T18:09:02 <jessm> kasparnet: i think that\'s right
2013-12-19T18:11:33 <colinclark> kasparnet: Okay, just so I\'m clear...
2013-12-19T18:11:42 <colinclark> There will be one desktop shortcut
'

